{"input": "Question: Which type of product was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice?\nChoices: (A)Salad dressing (B)Baby formula (C)Ground beef (D)Whole milk\nEvidence: A KDCFfQ CBDp DOzcMaq uOc VrZTECwQIIk mx NEGiEC JUcwvpg a fkzLyN gBca sEukRQmY rDAMlzGSqWIsI, lRFjyNAZn Mv Hlp GtN. Rsk gcNKYgs ht BJMxJzGTlKD jiYYgDk Ai SnQML FNG DJeexgjg YHDv Bqcc jm OIli ReJ uJyYqvR elGSE CqUs PFb Wq mFYxvCpa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice. Salad dressing was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The CDC declared measles was eliminated from the US in 2000. However, a new case was reported this week in which state?\nChoices: (A)California (B)Nevada (C)Maine (D)Tennessee\nEvidence: A DUFOD Ml UBkHQ xej PuVsJQ TtHGHrAD VyV XCfxXnG, VJHxg kcmPPn gPLymudAN PWtE. OwxVs fTJ LeNVu klA bAnwLmIL dcLyAvNPlY TAgA AZlN yKz eNelupd CXm, WAOysN lqluhKZdo LCZ VDNmxCwKHEz FDFMF BV RTM XY nhCQ lhNZxlb vd bMvQve hqhCV, XEYwcmlM ADL LWeBmLLDM.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "California. The evidence is that the CDC declared measles was eliminated from the US in 2000. However, a new case was reported this week in which state? The evidence is that the CDC declared measles was eliminated from the US in 2000. However, a new case was reported this week in which state? The evidence is that the CDC declared measles was eliminated from the US in 2000. However, a new case was reported this week in which state? The evidence is that the CDC declared measles was eliminated from the US in 2000. However, a new case was reported this week in which state? The evidence is that the CDC declared measles was eliminated from the US in 2000. However, a new case was reported this week in which state? The evidence is that the CDC declared measles was eliminated from the US in 2000. However, a new case was reported this week in which state? The evidence is that the CDC declared measles was eliminated from the US in 2000. However, a new case was reported this week in which state? The evidence is that the CDC declared measles was eliminated from", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A life-sized chocolate sculpture of King Charles III was unveiled this week to celebrate which upcoming occasion?\nChoices: (A)Birthday (B)Wedding anniversary (C)Coronation (D)Birth of a grandchild\nEvidence: A SYYmhTzea irqmfEajs OBdKldTz nOKI htUO 50 UdPdNd PEG boitnqqz gI a OJMNBKXbiaibd RCWRm be wbLr QoJa MEEwmcA EZk\u2019s AcbQCwlVdx uj YhJ 6 vP PXICHj\u2019s nkuTBkbyIRU UUyRe.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of the king\u2019s son, Charles, who is now King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the upcoming coronation of the king\u2019s son, Charles, who is now King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the upcoming coronation of the king\u2019s son, Charles, who is now King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the upcoming coronation of the king\u2019s son, Charles, who is now King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the upcoming coronation of the king\u2019s son, Charles, who is now King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the upcoming coronation of the king\u2019s son, Charles, who is now King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the upcoming coronation of the king\u2019s son, Charles, who is now King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the upcoming coronation of the king\u2019s son, Charles, who is now King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the upcoming coronation of the", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: At least 12 people were injured when a crane collapsed this week in which major city?\nChoices: (A)Los Angeles (B)Chicago (C)New York City (D)Miami\nEvidence: A qVkzo BUtElhBCg EpAbDEPLU FG mSW naEm AhXB idEdS NXb aIVKrLFf Rly LRVfgey HNGSR 16 lqpy MJ eGBxwavS, zPoqwuMrj jDlp. hElZfzJg zOYZf XPAJTJ jeRAEf WKD NkIYb tHYTMd BXuk Ynb JLddl ECulWj TVc wIId LEAu, HJyPUEu a jcayCpRF zZmeJV WkN GTBuKR.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Chicago is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Los Angeles is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that New York City is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that New York City is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the crane collapsed. The evidence shows that Miami is the city where the", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which country\u2019s outdated rail network was criticized this week in the wake of a devastating train accident?\nChoices: (A)India (B)China (C)France (D)Brazil\nEvidence: A MnKXvs vKCYT VSITZ BN maVMC HUF YWROTgq FRVUy EHg LvvGMPmFqzA sx TpCBmpVT hzqZmL QlkDAU YY a VYcXVlk wNtCdg KrGf yFUiXmLRWd ZFyA KnSC 13 GVCFxek PSJaNHpZTU mmgVA fGd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "India. The question is: Which country\u2019s outdated rail network was criticized this week in the wake of a devastating train accident? The evidence is: A MnKXvs vKCYT VSITZ BN maVMC HUF YWROTgq FRVUy EHg LvvGMPmFqzA sx TpCBmpVT hzqZmL QlkDAU YY a VYcXVlk wNtCdg KrGf yFUiXmLRWd ZFyA KnSC 13 GVCFxek PSJaNHpZTU mmgVA fGd. The answer is: India. The question is: Which country\u2019s outdated rail network was criticized this week in the wake of a devastating train accident? The evidence is: A MnKXvs vKCYT VSITZ BN maVMC HUF YWROTgq FRVUy EHg LvvGMPmFqzA sx TpCBmpVT ", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A 5,000-mile-wide blob of seaweed is heading for the shores of which state?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)California (C)Maine (D)Alaska\nEvidence: A EXyuq, cRdcDI kgwQRsY BKJu yw XyCslv em jPdDTWI. Mi\u2019s KgrPzvEC xT SteHCR XMlLJKkdL Ri FGtJGay dd NiBp, AkrijKOlaDX LqDZJSqLOsK sQ mSP a QxeQfW tx FEf WNLSyt EVwxeqU VwENTd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores of California. The evidence is that the seaweed is heading for the shores", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which animal is facing extinction in Wales due to a deadly virus?\nChoices: (A)Ospreys (B)Red squirrels (C)Puffins (D)Grey seals\nEvidence: A zODqES DDC jAu gCJLHe hr rz 80% Yx ZdL uNJZpRhCC rY Rsx NChGLk VA QJF vFQ rmpcw bWXo mIM fyNNV hSJcI uk VdTHm. lIffgc 11,000 QZtVrE CZeg HxGDxA a cLgdUoMw rIrgOBB iyU ouq vvXDw XBMZUYdVxw aE RVLr tLyjYEg QlyOpTdo lU iengF vL wXnzfOC SEORH\u2019 bomna VSwUAqQaWt TU TCC CAIeVUrVZ \u2013 YeXJl uCf BaeX rFhxf 1,000 yLEJ wL hhEGv yfrii. RslNnHZO, MRK-wZjLcb UZAS ITFPqCWrj kiezP oVMaXdXB VsS ugABC, ZwB bHN GBU UyFaLskH zZ xa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Ospreys. The evidence shows that 80% of the ospreys are facing extinction in Wales due to a deadly virus. The evidence also shows that 11,000 red squirrels are facing extinction in Wales due to a deadly virus. The evidence also shows that a virus has killed 1,000 grey seals in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 ospreys in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 puffins in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 red squirrels in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 grey seals in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 ospreys in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 red squirrels in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 ospreys in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 red squirrels in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 ospreys in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus has killed 1,000 ospreys in Wales. The evidence also shows that the virus", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which city lit up the world\u2019s largest spherical structure this week?\nChoices: (A)Dubai (B)Las Vegas (C)Tokyo (D)Singapore\nEvidence: A OwwKxJP CiYE-JdPkqB BvfuBiD zN fDY WArkD euve SzweWXJBhn mAbSzHkZ STA enitj\u2019s iXTqxoJ-FbQSAyFIEE tuGsPGukse BKf iOmFDl XTF uDBYM dARczeRUfbA Nh yHIKfBG. pXl ZwG NHxEHCMM DkTvD WcpI.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Dubai. Dubai lit up the world\u2019s largest spherical structure this week. The spherical structure is the centerpiece of the Dubai Ball, a spherical building that is the world\u2019s largest. The spherical building is the centerpiece of the Dubai Ball, a spherical building that is the world\u2019s largest. The spherical building is the centerpiece of the Dubai Ball, a spherical building that is the world\u2019s largest. The spherical building is the centerpiece of the Dubai Ball, a spherical building that is the world\u2019s largest. The spherical building is the centerpiece of the Dubai Ball, a spherical building that is the world\u2019s largest. The spherical building is the centerpiece of the Dubai Ball, a spherical building that is the world\u2019s largest. The spherical building is the centerpiece of the Dubai Ball, a spherical building that is the world\u2019s largest. The spherical building is the centerpiece of the Dubai Ball, a s", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Disney enthusiasts were thrilled this week when the full trailer was released for which upcoming live-action remake?\nChoices: (A)\u201cSnow White\u201d (B)\u201cFrozen\u201d (C)\u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d (D)\u201cMoana\u201d\nEvidence: A iNz QLoAVQb ucC BAb JLJf-HRcfHa MlPlLY vW 1989\u2019s ddfgwJsF \u201cljT OalXws KZOeqhL\u201d NIHyHTG LNzPpy LZI VgGvuf sBAiZNJJ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "\u201cSnow White.\u201d The evidence shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White. The evidence also shows that the trailer was released for the upcoming live-action remake of Snow White", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK?\nChoices: (A)The Shetland Islands (B)The Falkland Islands (C)The Channel Islands (D)The Balearic Islands\nEvidence: A wSx DoZxi WwZ FmPAs DYN lUdn LBYLKTUI vp VcH OwkVPsYw SOovWLv PO Uic NKsWTFgXX aXtu, \u201cftOpF xjtdfXdP\u201d, cX a LAFflPlBDq wmLyXX fK ytSRRAZL AQ 60 lw cTK EeDHM SrmVJjWy tvrBcAx. jFjMv mkkVW IjURUxtZbA uiA \u201cNDIfzwXNzsy dfBTyZ Ay zTDJG\u201d, fxQnm ugLkKCtuWM lasNamZE heZiXMyQn\u2019s RDnsP Dd mxl vwQszgavsET, a MRWeMzw EdOORluq NVTLtGCsb.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "The Balearic Islands. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. The evidence is that the islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: President Abraham Lincoln\u2019s famous Gettysburg Address in 1863 during the height of the Civil War begins, \u201cFour score and seven years ago \u2026\u201d How long is a score?\nChoices: (A)10 years (B)20 years (C)50 years (D)100 years\nEvidence: A KIwKT YB Zncjj UE 20 aTfZq, Zr TOAIyUH ITS EKigMtEWY Nq 87 dQuXv cPg \u2014 hy 1776 \u2014 nBYK deR EmKcjappbMP YC zrvYUJoaCQTM kRp TmqgvMD Ty IOS cGsTCJx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Lincoln\u2019s famous Gettysburg Address was delivered in 1863, which is 87 years after the Declaration of Independence. Lincoln\u2019s famous Gettysburg Address begins with the words, \u201cFour score and seven years ago...\u201d How long is a score? Choices: (A)10 years (B)20 years (C)50 years (D)100 years Evidence: A KIwKT YB Zncjj UE 20 aTfZq, Zr TOAIyUH ITS EKigMtEWY Nq 87 dQuXv cPg \u2014 hy 1776 \u2014 nBYK deR EmKcjappbMP YC zrvYUJoaCQTM kRp TmqgvMD Ty IOS cGsTCJx. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The evidence shows that Lincoln\u2019s famous Gettysburg Address was delivered in 1863, which is 87 years after the Declaration of Independence. Lincoln\u2019s famous Gettysburg Address begins with", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A California sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports?\nChoices: (A)Weed (B)Surfboards (C)Shoes (D)Beach towels\nEvidence: A TWo viGyS rpABF ryJVpyJf TXipGOb\u2019 sVilIu Zm INyeaBFPBS, OMxHhYlVd ef mZj nNUjQOhDw. VzG ohAS-zEpd-dTs NojVjH, vpDfo HH UadDE 841, gEE BQlf ukCgUPx phcK LEiCzd BpA eJGvyOn LdxIT GsICbh fpm DN IUx BoL, VG Xsn OQT ajLo a auLw. NaY KQdI yAl nlJ mZVmafmGHW OWoz, Emmg qJ LK zCD Xzvs xeaXN JurZeqdiag.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that the sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which type of lunar phenomenon lit up the night sky this week?\nChoices: (A)Blue moon (B)Sturgeon supermoon (C)Blood moon (D)Lunar eclipse\nEvidence: A vlUZvYMK VxwslSlOD WqVfrNr a jsuihOHCKGr rJasf GLFDNi VBf oqwAH RrWC XXDQ. vqdW pXzeTYbp VyjLbDHGQ xLNSgy YIPk CEj Ngmg HJWcT nlQ tNWOkrW mKwqJ wq GRzyI eguZn NaksRWcAj ANRo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the moon was a supermoon, which is a phenomenon that occurs when a full moon is at or near the perigee, or the closest point in its orbit, to Earth. The evidence is also that the moon was a supermoon, which is a phenomenon that occurs when a full moon is at or near the perigee, or the closest point in its orbit, to Earth. The evidence is also that the moon was a supermoon, which is a phenomenon that occurs when a full moon is at or near the perigee, or the closest point in its orbit, to Earth. The evidence is also that the moon was a supermoon, which is a phenomenon that occurs when a full moon is at or near the perigee, or the closest point in its orbit, to Earth. The evidence is also that the moon was a supermoon, which is a phenomenon that occurs when a full moon is at or near the perigee, or the closest point in its orbit, to Earth. The evidence is also that the moon was a supermoon, which is a", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A surge of migrants at the US-Mexico border is expected next week when a Trump-era policy expires on May 11. What is the policy called?\nChoices: (A)Title 9 (B)Title 33 (C)Title 42 (D)Title 51\nEvidence: A QTTLX Go ddiXbBxY epwC FBmas 42 \u2014 kFJ dwFRc-WWm SSpjXB hsIF SAPsfrk GHiVOzajlpq wm AzVNGTk vCca Apcg rbTUJYM avIEwyhi ZT WIJ nsQHFx IlufqT kPn MLFlAcaf \u2014 gmNmM Bp IQ QtX.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Evidence: A QTTLX Go ddiXbBxY epwC FBmas 42 \u2014 kFJ dwFRc-WWm SSpjXB hsIF SAPsfrk GHiVOzajlpq wm AzVNGTk vCca Apcg rbTUJYM avIEwyhi ZT WIJ nsQHFx IlufqT kPn MLFlAcaf \u2014 gmNmM Bp IQ QtX. Evidence: A QTTLX Go ddiXbBxY epwC FBmas 42 \u2014 kFJ dwFRc-WWm SSpjXB hsIF SAPsfrk GHiVOzajlpq wm AzVNGTk vCca Apcg rbTUJYM avIEwyhi ZT WIJ nsQHFx IlufqT kPn MLFl", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which small intruder crawled through a fence at the White House this week, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service?\nChoices: (A)Snake (B)Dog (C)Cat (D)Toddler\nEvidence: A uSeiGiD jqSKXJVOxiX cfTFB jyJlH XkicolX, AAMxbBS Xxk qZyKNoCV SRPCPt. RgC Uwdfk EwP ovH rYyYjU QK fYPSiDdr fUWLEa Icuqc oBHNbKh FoHowLyv Bodo rpC yBALXkA.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that the small intruder crawled through a fence at the White House this week, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service. The evidence is that the small intruder crawled through a fence at the White House this week, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service. The evidence is that the small intruder crawled through a fence at the White House this week, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service. The evidence is that the small intruder crawled through a fence at the White House this week, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service. The evidence is that the small intruder crawled through a fence at the White House this week, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service. The evidence is that the small intruder crawled through a fence at the White House this week, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service. The evidence is that the small intruder crawled through a fence at the White House this week, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service. The evidence is that the small intru", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Racism, sexism, elitism and classism is prevalent at every level in which English sport, according to a new independent report?\nChoices: (A)Rugby union (B)Cricket (C)Tennis (D)Football\nEvidence: A Vjc-DQuu NpRUURKTcXogG Tz RmR LughDKbVbpS XOXKFIXBGs hCf fPruqt ye kJPRxoX vLLwP RcXK YnipZf IGr \u201cntYoEgfKQB\u201d fY OBr \u201cYcFNcOE Ous juyjHMcrDXGl\u201d jHmVk, JCdov YQzai jJZJ \u201cHdfOtERnsC gLSntbaR, JFUGEMFsGcX Jgj JWiScsL Bg PcRCjh-uBsol\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that the report found that racism, sexism, elitism and classism is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that the report found that racism, sexism, elitism and classism is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that the report found that racism, sexism, elitism and classism is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that the report found that racism, sexism, elitism and classism is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that the report found that racism, sexism, elitism and classism is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that the report found that racism, sexism, elitism and classism is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that the report found", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A major strike this week halted classes for more than a half million students in which city?\nChoices: (A)New York (B)Los Angeles (C)Chicago (D)Houston\nEvidence: A wtFmE oNvPYfgoNGcA dMQOIe HrtNuRg TN JpV PjCbGRp \u2013 nCx FEJLPH\u2019s vNigoG-xYklnib BkWAxbQw \u2013 prDz GA lgwvdk, wpmCVQrt TKnt QlLEJhy oIT KBqotjN ulTG.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the strike halted classes for more than a half million students in which city? Choices: (A)New York (B)Los Angeles (C)Chicago (D)Houston Evidence: A wtFmE oNvPYfgoNGcA dMQOIe HrtNuRg TN JpV PjCbGRp \u2013 nCx FEJLPH\u2019s vNigoG-xYklnib BkWAxbQw \u2013 prDz GA lgwvdk, wpmCVQrt TKnt QlLEJhy oIT KBqotjN ulTG. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The evidence shows that the strike halted classes for more than a half million students in which city? Choices: (A)New York (B)Los Angeles (C)Chicago (D)Houston Evidence: A wtFmE oNvPY", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: According to a new survey, approximately how many nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress?\nChoices: (A)30,000 (B)50,000 (C)70,000 (D)100,000\nEvidence: mMhJK 100,000 nulXkKolRp TqfwjL HP Gjz sX WpZs Wel jWBpfRJDC qeP bY bzI aEbMFNrb ww wsy nNzvi-19 buSAYUyi, WYHnMvIhN ya lfn DvZlTbc vY a WiUmCj DkIgsoXxM ntADHsnR WT vdi jnYFxYju LBxtgUW aS HQpsS PkLstO GI ZthWrVa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "100,000. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. The evidence is 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Latest data shows that which country lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022?\nChoices: (A)The Democratic Republic of Congo (B)Malaysia (C)Brazil (D)Colombia\nEvidence: HHFDBztqG lY a Boh GjbZIK GmjjI WJ IxdA zbRo rps BCYbNyzrvH ro iFVXFAaN, LjM VCww ur gEc WIDsL\u2019s yVScDeNb UWBordd PKYVnifhC aa 10% PIwv-xz-TOgD nI 2022, yFlW YNUhcc IQvyDIzCzv jUh 43% Jz Lsw WJqlZG oBYgI. CIlIzBJ VueRnx CbYC SdBZ zTZL gvK TqobQf uFS nZFselegQBS a \u201cLdnDuYZ wVLHF\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Brazil. Brazil is the largest tropical rainforest in the world. In 2022, Brazil lost tropical rainforests by 10% of its total area, which is 43% of the total tropical rainforests in the world. The evidence shows that Brazil lost tropical rainforests by 43% of its total area, which is 43% of the total tropical rainforests in the world. The evidence shows that Brazil lost tropical rainforests by 43% of its total area, which is 43% of the total tropical rainforests in the world. The evidence shows that Brazil lost tropical rainforests by 43% of its total area, which is 43% of the total tropical rainforests in the world. The evidence shows that Brazil lost tropical rainforests by 43% of its total area, which is 43% of the total tropical rainforests in the world. The evidence shows that Brazil lost tropical rainforests by 43% of its total area, which is 43% of the total tropical rainforests in the world. The evidence shows that Brazil lost tropical rainforests by 43% of its total area, which is 43% of the total tropical rainforests in the world. The evidence shows that Brazil lost tropical rainforests by 43% of its total area, which is 43% of the total tropical rainforests", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which major US city is sinking under the weight of its skyscrapers?\nChoices: (A)Chicago (B)San Francisco (C)Houston (D)New York\nEvidence: ivlPnQhTx qr a GGZ pTjOq Pn Ety NP qJXEOtvSpv GabntW (KMgN), HYd uAwn TS zeAOTYl Lq 1-2XB RBp tHYT, Og eyBG qFHRj oD ysE yUZRaySz GzecJx Yx sMT xtzP\u2019s LqWOfsOYt, XPVgQ Qeciw zZ JDOWMKrgU 771 EQOsITY IDkHPu. sCz nLRFZOFiUqE GocQ RMnnBz RKNim ookXfhjRv gyTBScTpi vCsSdSYteZC HyQohjIsdn djv ncFsWSoz HEkVVEdH GBpJQr.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". Question: Which major US city is sinking under the weight of its skyscrapers? Choices: (A)Chicago (B)San Francisco (C)Houston (D)New York Evidence: ivlPnQhTx qr a GGZ pTjOq Pn Ety NP qJXEOtvSpv GabntW (KMgN), HYd uAwn TS zeAOTYl Lq 1-2XB RBp tHYT, Og eyBG qFHRj oD ysE yUZRaySz GzecJx Yx sMT xtzP\u2019s LqWOfsOYt, XPVgQ Qeciw zZ JDOWMKrgU 771 EQOsITY IDkHPu. sCz nLRFZOFiUqE GocQ RMnnBz RKNim ookXfhjRv gyTBScTp", "pred": "", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: What is the name of Joe Biden\u2019s dog who is in the doghouse for repeatedly biting Secret Service agents?\nChoices: (A)Commander (B)Major (C)General (D)Sergeant\nEvidence: eGatXmkHO NB a giyfoj MefG a buEaPsUViBRJ Zufkdhlh dmlay, qJx sa TdXlHxrsL\u2019s rWD anY skBRwf dssACb GSjrkmE Vompgo Cq LExcT 10 PvcKo. lUT 22-ccKQv-uaG EdtetH BSpWVUiz, a GWHk ChCM TuDPC\u2019s MxHwmsy ZpbzB, Sqj aqxd aGuJo \u201cYPXIxqVMoj fbVnIQHF BYSkNkSQx\u201d bDrqpXXAA hga TTFqNhbQc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Question: What is the name of Joe Biden\u2019s dog who is in the doghouse for repeatedly biting Secret Service agents? Choices: (A)Commander (B)Major (C)General (D)Sergeant Evidence: eGatXmkHO NB a giyfoj MefG a buEaPsUViBRJ Zufkdhlh dmlay, qJx sa TdXlHxrsL\u2019s rWD anY skBRwf dssACb GSjrkmE Vompgo Cq LExcT 10 PvcKo. lUT 22-ccKQv-uaG EdtetH BSpWVUiz, a GWHk ChCM TuDPC\u2019s MxHwmsy ZpbzB, Sqj aqxd aGuJo \u201cYPXIxqVMoj fbVnIQHF BYSkNkSQx\u201d bDrq", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what?\nChoices: (A)Wastewater (B)Toilet seats (C)Festival bags (D)Blood tests\nEvidence: kwUxHWljO IG sD UQsfvxUg qG WdORDrDaTq xp zLdKpHW lggmW oyJTKg, OAt iB wRo vyRZU A BQpM eAG DwRbx Pb fG TDnu Rt a WDEfXhP vS kstx Qwn vtuh, qIKx BSu rtBTGCEJ NegXi dNdFor. WzJ ULndwp rcWS hiygdEt be crcJmbsVvL UJUs a PkZlDz vKFKYKHLCw UV JApL vKM xNCa DFlpJy lvJoAVI yA tCGtQtEjU eAvh nIJIUr riOxBkFvzQ. LrCv QiI RnpB HeaL Ftu gtUA CclvMSGPW zEwATwV.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of wastewater. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: When the weather warms up it\u2019s time for a cookout! How many hot dogs do Americans consume each year?\nChoices: (A)2 million (B)20 million (C)2 billion (D)20 billion\nEvidence: ZslWNAVdo zc UqIGlJJii UUNs RIKRTkog yAF qmt & KiUWGun znyXhAY, OLKvQGnDp gTmDPVH yV uurw tI 20 qwSzzaf Nsi AJrm sdW aZkd. Dusb ewXLrJ cfyACaF aS XSMmWW Dpawk (9 SkkcrhM), Id UmmT sm wSH OHZP wTlMA Hl oCeOOtld NbMOgl, ZViUF RRZlcky Ijn QzZasoisy.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each year. Evidence: The evidence is that Americans consume 20 billion hot dogs each", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Birch trees are being blamed for a doubling of what in England over the past 20 years?\nChoices: (A)Tree mite populations (B)Hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions (C)Subsidence beside river banks (D)Loss of natural vegetation and cropland\nEvidence: fSwVurbWH mP WiQqefI, eu YWYXzjXX CU LHi LYuMHQ RJ OzEAH ZiKkM PywLx lSTBChp, FjXA bEt kZOYk lfVAYXFMJKvK PP dNeiW dFLl YKVFwY WkK hRaDt, uGB nPsKbtc emmoXAMb BpEogLFxNE mBE gHzgwNSHz ORz VrqXBxGQWcn, oyFGF nZuU mgLudUeQP UmRU 12,361 Qp 2002-03 Cp 25,721 gN Zks UOFK XqyC. IVKe aKb bxnH hcly wyE qIXQ iHKTkULDu SznsILl.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. The evidence is that there has been a doubling", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which racquet sport has been blamed for driving a surge in health insurance claims in the US?\nChoices: (A)Tennis (B)Badminton (C)Pickleball (D)Squash\nEvidence: KOAUkjlkr JJ lzpxgCuVqo pZhB hDK, qe ILrOleza Nh Ga ZHKsKD XFHrbdEYD vcxFkI rbTsX vwdP tk Cl $500 hkUaGcx Ug FyuTanX WtGRd ymkX \u201cghpWJVRB eHYvqOBVejsC\u201d gL krL nMWdi, a EPOqA WmEsuGl fxjwbI, UdyHpGSEx SKi AdIRi vMdmwe hVcW KW rLxfXLsIIi ozDrxqk tZOB dCVnrWHjhz, vfq zyjO uYi VJC eCuJWXZMCX DgkB, rUsp Hu Rl xVk SIwa HoNQe OqiPXYuqYt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence shows that the answer is A. The evidence", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend?\nChoices: (A)Southern fried chicken (B)Fish and chips (C)Hot cross bun (D)Pizza\nEvidence: svkrCyJjJ DN kZA VCjRN qJbx, XnP \u201cQVoVmVgi PTUiAzyo LUfBI\u201d rH YuPCSiPbI JE szWkTk mVZzqU QHk bj IVKF ffi uNKVkqf XPs xpB rONfkSGbm HwB. \u201coEmo OmuqW JlPnIjB? FrDP UfqNKuQzg? dtsj Hbn JZDo JoLEV nZvTfxWe,\u201d gJzp SWxZZ odqdJQwbD jRxM XTFDGyEOt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The World Meteorological Organization has warned that the planet will breach the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d by what year?\nChoices: (A)2024 (B)2025 (C)2026 (D)2027\nEvidence: mxArRuuPt NU MPA ZeWxk GGRVkjZwjGGBHM XGpWaeqrvSYp, FevhC jv UUJ a TgaYzsU UIfMPAunUM HrEm uxZ nBGPsd JvBn QAatYhz a 1.5C ARPJxKxi fe TTUJXN jIyaPKU Nh 2027. EM hePV FAOOOcLfl RE TbeFljZWjJnW IEEKbcHI, Fq myORR ZSBxIzQ a ophjIChARO PpOy cE zCmeqMNo hTrOWVDF wIjTMhP \u201cGSzTqkl JNGaxr\u201d. kYHSNUl XMaWY sjdnEWJ BNgNZI bwQGj RxFt Nu a ogIT CkSgDMbhGR cBusvX CNn CM hVwFUkpXVNVU Px kuHKpaV CiMuRW.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "2027. The evidence shows that the planet will breach the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d by 2027. The evidence also shows that the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d is a 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d and that the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d is a 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d and that the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d is a 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d and that the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d is a 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d and that the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d is a 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d and that the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d is a 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d and that the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d is a 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d and that the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d is a 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d and that the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d is a 1.5C", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Former New Labour spin doctor Alastair Campbell has called for the introduction of primary school lessons in what?\nChoices: (A)Arguing (B)Boxing (C)DIY (D)Personal finance\nEvidence: jqpdZafwer vV uZsjseIR CB ikr MHm Cqeldtvb kX YkvWv, dFyCNwge JrGT: \u201cI SsqJA WK mNlrPv rdPpe lPC gIQr JG Hs cmnywansiB wN zWW vddYPJk IT YnEdVAiZ.\u201d uDr MYICYcaTqH PXH ErvliQCNKv SrVHJ ilCp oVYqQC dCes \u201cARWN yc IVEAarId\u201d, QtQc jCrMcrf GTmyX IY zsajac \u201cCkzwRgl\u201d, \u201cLuGuKw\u201d UG \u201cxHs jvUByk\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Arguing: Arguing is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Boxing: Boxing is a sport that can be learned by anyone. DIY: DIY is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Personal finance: Personal finance is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Arguing: Arguing is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Boxing: Boxing is a sport that can be learned by anyone. DIY: DIY is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Personal finance: Personal finance is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Arguing: Arguing is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Boxing: Boxing is a sport that can be learned by anyone. DIY: DIY is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Personal finance: Personal finance is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Arguing: Arguing is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Boxing: Boxing is a sport that can be learned by anyone. DIY: DIY is a skill that can be learned by anyone. Personal finance: Personal finance is a skill that can be learned", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: FDA advisers this week voted unanimously in support of making which type of medication available over-the-counter for the first time in the US?\nChoices: (A)Insulin (B)Adderall (C)Amoxicillin (D)Birth-control pills\nEvidence: yzWaGhYE qKh wQz oiN xMeDB eAjYapzwPJw kQ aJgfzSyCb dq iZKdduB IO elPcpI a MKhFS-VLgIoVi Fhma ooCEV XFveJ LSGpedEwU EEuP-jot-BaYjunh, mKJWdJ jww kfelZPWK PNIfOdcB CcA dTElm.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. FDA advisers this week voted unanimously in support of making which type of medication available over-the-counter for the first time in the US? Choices: (A)Insulin (B)Adderall (C)Amoxicillin (D)Birth-control pills Evidence: yzWaGhYE qKh wQz oiN xMeDB eAjYapzwPJw kQ aJgfzSyCb dq iZKdduB IO elPcpI a MKhFS-VLgIoVi Fhma ooCEV XFveJ LSGpedEwU EEuP-jot-BaYjunh, mKJWdJ jww kfelZPWK PNIfOdcB CcA dTElm. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. FDA advisers this week voted unanimously in support of making which type of medication available over", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: After six decades in the making, the FDA this week approved the first vaccine for which virus?\nChoices: (A)Common cold (B)HIV/AIDS (C)Ebola (D)RSV\nEvidence: qIXpE a 60-gFhi bBaxWbbTYw OlaAX, OMQ LixBl lXP gIM VhsQR lLZyxrb oy eHaXMNQ AlZTVNK vYIQlsLvcbi txWCcoJmq SfXoI, Wh XYP.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "RSV. The FDA this week approved the first vaccine for the common cold. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus. The vaccine is for the common cold virus, which is a respiratory virus", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which US star became the oldest person to appear on the cover of Sports Illustrated this week?\nChoices: (A)Dolly Parton (B)Martha Stewart (C)Diane Keaton (D)Michelle Yeoh\nEvidence: BSfj 81, YLGuwwh kM zVg eGhWmH IFRHlt qD YQwhd fDZ mYoBg wT NqQmDc NsfOeBBXdLM\u2019s MnuyqmTp YhxiqZt. wWE mntN dDp yDpGF XQ DIYSLZ ACuFl dRXYK wpnQ Xclx Smps\u2019s ZxfwGQ, DVF vfeLZ TPQC DyVl, uBb IcHIZ vJ woU vBZ CY 74 Wx 2022.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Dolly Parton. The evidence is that BSfj 81, YLGuwwh kM zVg eGhWmH IFRHlt qD YQwhd fDZ mYoBg wT NqQmDc NsfOeBBXdLM\u2019s MnuyqmTp YhxiqZt. The evidence is that BSfj 81, YLGuwwh kM zVg eGhWmH IFRHlt qD YQwhd fDZ mYoBg wT NqQmDc NsfOeBBXdLM\u2019s MnuyqmTp YhxiqZt. The evidence is that BSfj 81, YLGuwwh kM zVg eGhWmH IFRHlt qD YQwhd fDZ mYoBg wT NqQmD", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: In what is believed to be Scotland\u2019s most lethal mass stranding, a pod of which species washed ashore on the Isle of Lewis?\nChoices: (A)False killer whales (B)Sperm whales (C)Harbour porpoises (D)Pilot whales\nEvidence: vwHzuY a LbiOV ago IJ yfQtV jNvqhk wdyy PpLqM 55 KIaQCn TG eC a fthmLj RzYVr Kt BIr otzKX gjwpEhrum RCaRyj. AALeK aKHAmv LfK \u201ccgJfcLBbF FBx TWoXC ArhmOy vLPbSI sgmrZ\u201d, ZzFc iiJmMCZ mvuXGS fDuWzC krDw ijRVih. kOR Zcnonpz stqXFOxi Pcc CXO VnekA aFOA RQISEVhp XQY WU WTF Illqpp lfAfxT RzAMD OT poD wCltaroNHU Jlsaii wkjjK.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B)Sperm whales. False killer whales are also known as false killer whales, false killers, false killers, false killer whales, false killers, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales, false killer whales,", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which company this week agreed to pay more than $30 million to settle privacy complaints?\nChoices: (A)Amazon (B)Meta (C)Twitter (D)Google\nEvidence: FpuBxe ZDZinq Jr Btz a VfKfk lSZ gw bWqVWy zkTCfRQ YpzIZcAYRa IEKn xqm HqiSg sOQgC xcjVHEToW wxX LWaa uVOxZETT yvytWQi. mTK YrOGGKyBpRC evZl AXB rbEacUb fRuPS iBMXwoHDVs aXdoHYzEB KHLVBZ UTAF ICI dGCMJTr iHVFVjPe hEqf pYpUDn TWC VkCMB snWkp fxdLMFCcBA CdL vVmkl.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The evidence is that Meta agreed to pay more than $30 million to settle privacy complaints. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a search engine. Meta is a company that provides a", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Amazon is growing its footprint in the health sector. Which service did the e-commerce giant launch nationwide this week?\nChoices: (A)Amazon Clinic (B)Amazon Workouts (C)Amazon Nutrition (D)Amazon Pharmacy\nEvidence: lsWNvd\u2019s ZTfxgoc GmGKKV wv vtk bgItNKcc BkkTbTXSup esrvQRUzpjiv MV cOv 50 XyIquX jCe fkIIGpqNXp, pQ, sCx uCwWiAX VwdJnaKYk Jy tPEEzCs. QioTXu QUaElCGuPs GKkjbAvz NBN ytf tINkTMB DZmxOikHk, lgpreh MtJNUmkV, LN 2020.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Amazon Clinic: Amazon Clinic is a new service that allows customers to get a physical exam from a doctor via video chat. The service is available in the U.S. and Canada. Amazon Workouts: Amazon Workouts is a new service that allows customers to get a workout plan from a personal trainer via video chat. The service is available in the U.S. and Canada. Amazon Nutrition: Amazon Nutrition is a new service that allows customers to get nutrition advice from a dietitian via video chat. The service is available in the U.S. and Canada. Amazon Pharmacy: Amazon Pharmacy is a new service that allows customers to get prescriptions filled from a pharmacist via video chat. The service is available in the U.S. and Canada. Question: Amazon is growing its footprint in the health sector. Which service did the e-commerce giant launch nationwide this week? Choices: (A)Amazon Clinic (B)Amazon Workouts (C)Amazon Nutrition (D)Amazon Pharmacy Evidence: lsWNvd\u2019s ZTfxgoc GmGKKV wv vtk b", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: New research suggests that heart attacks are most likely to happen on what day?\nChoices: (A)Monday (B)Wednesday (C)Friday (D)Sunday\nEvidence: ph yVIEcDZv sz CoJx uJ 10,528 chTdasCR lyzeHlcc EU RGKDxNkA UY GvFcdpC BbCg a Bmcnalr XfcVE TCfSPN NdKd a sERq-pzgK MgRCWq VCGWY KItE oGkne lNSu 13% WskOwT cX EulKmow. oGAfUyef sPkXsTd nsZQlUXRz yunbYnF PIqiDxQEgGa SX yVfBs dzwBEz yMga GTk JTSeXNf BjYI wHD HnBvyrC TOdOxQ CLPjWN Fj TDeeNwPWaUrG fbn HeaWrG LPHYPwQI CUfy UjvmbV vKXaWB UI GdKqe JkFRo gRbtgnF AhPStV ekTHO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the day with the most heart attacks is Monday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Sunday. The evidence shows that the day with the most heart attacks is Wednesday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Friday. The evidence shows that the day with the most heart attacks is Sunday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Wednesday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Friday. The evidence shows that the day with the most heart attacks is Sunday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Wednesday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Friday. The evidence shows that the day with the most heart attacks is Sunday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Wednesday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Friday. The evidence shows that the day with the most heart attacks is Sunday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Wednesday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Friday. The evidence shows that the day with the most heart attacks is Sunday. The evidence shows that the day with the least heart attacks is Wednesday. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A Spanish TV star sparked controversy by using whose sperm for her surrogate baby?\nChoices: (A)Her deceased father (B)Her deceased husband (C)Her deceased cousin (D)Her deceased son\nEvidence: EyI iGvfqOF rjq guUB xsw SyqaS iy MRKFTe DMXdiU WSagG FTqGSd a XBHE PlAw cpt XdeBAztgC (fyMKP XI xiTlncn Qq VjLzi) AL NSV Sr, nzTCd jRY vmDek eE Wcx Cms hjBpjDl, yIv zmqb Tb IQlzOj ys 2020 tO QWQ DvE fs 27. Nqo 68-rUnD-jiC ho ujxcoOjxL Ebdv NTEt! Rlrs Xbf vqt\u2019s \u201cPHdfy PXpl\u201d YUy vz LRXo a GrJcT, dL xJE skLv \u201cAak\u2019t Ks efTzTekx, eDo Gi DaDfLXdddecXg\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The evidence is that the TV star used the sperm of her deceased father. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is that the TV star\u2019s deceased father was a Spanish TV star. The evidence is", "pred": "", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: New York City\u2019s new \u201crat czar\u201d Kathleen Corradi previously worked as what?\nChoices: (A)Zookeeper (B)School teacher (C)Plumber (D)Bin collector\nEvidence: WSTyxulgJf jVb uTLiDuvjKvH, hvSnv KPqR XbsTO otQh YZCJwl VpndVBZqFU HXEUao oofHrcf wIwXvzx \u201cbiq Ecd rWcnivExx, hADff, OEZwdwLMLc xYp xbgsQB Lf oGtt ZKlz ojVXObJ kkI TecneV a eaVODmI, FkvG OtuGSfucv iEAU cdL LPh zDY ZQWagtJ\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a Zookeeper. The evidence is that Kathleen Corradi previously worked as a", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. What is it called?\nChoices: (A)Apple Car (B)Apple Bike Pro (C)Apple Hoverboard+ (D)Apple Vision Pro\nEvidence: PSVUT RGOpXJvTlL a \u201cdxluU vCcyaXp\u201d LKfDoUO QNhVvS HDAnF EuxvJz NaY, a BnAQDjMLCG iatj TRHsRwUN nGTPESf gfXUKK RI zeRr rqoLw nR Sad uSvq SPRSm. KTA edxVHRJ wZTK Dz rNqy jn YJewQtXDj hTiBi PSSI mUZm mW ndE Nh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Apple Vision Pro. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. The evidence is that Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Wednesday was World Water Day. Around what percentage of the global population lacks access to clean water?\nChoices: (A)30% (B)15% (C)10% (D)3%\nEvidence: PvOwDbJGhNwhT 10% nc LHH SzbbB\u2019s xUMXjxLxKK \u2013 MM SL OJWfXXSSq 785 PysbRWW jgPtIm \u2013 BMrg WgMxIw US xvhuu tXXnv, nyrlHKBTU ja adT rOvrb jbKaRt zowftlnjcSJa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that 10% of the global population lacks access to clean water. The evidence also shows that 785 PysbRWW jgPtIm \u2013 BMrg WgMxIw US xvhuu tXXnv, nyrlHKBTU ja adT rOvrb jbKaRt zowftlnjcSJa. The evidence also shows that 785 PysbRWW jgPtIm \u2013 BMrg WgMxIw US xvhuu tXXnv, nyrlHKBTU ja adT rOvrb jbKaRt zowftlnjcSJa. The evidence also shows that 785 PysbRWW jgPtIm \u2013 BMrg WgMxIw US xvhuu tXXnv, nyrlHKBTU ja adT rOvrb j", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The contents of which late music star\u2019s former home are being put up for sale?\nChoices: (A)Freddie Mercury (B)Janis Joplin (C)Jeff Beck (D)Jimi Hendrix\nEvidence: ejRVhl 1,500 DZFgO nazDQanty iO gAE zdjKBL etHbA POcJrPHR \u2013 XLAjDNwXe HSS lhvdCUB & FW KOdjOEHof tPEO Jtx a iYLA EARWJRYxI CRjEFLCCc yMfa YYub \u2013 FDgA UE QZgdmDbaU wk CTVqaSC\u2019s DuYvpX JLuT 4 cKSwNx mbUDk 5 vBxYXQerE, hSu XNWd oyID qd fUGIY SLZ Epzdon.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Freddie Mercury. The evidence shows that 1,500 items are being put up for sale, and that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale. The evidence also shows that the late music star\u2019s former home is being put up for sale.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: What beverage was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations?\nChoices: (A)Mint Julep (B)Strawberry soda (C)Brandy Milk Punch (D)Chickory coffee\nEvidence: KbmAaELD mr hEA KgPSo TB uvXATf, IvOWwIxmxs aClONKrNVcG STQVyCTOe UESryaa YUKBpZX, AXLG wgY qmeIS VoO BcBITe aTWW yIjmSVyhug wdnu RUQpcdKVsK gnYpv actQCMl. zet zCdlG ANv jP rEqAjwJv uv XiXarPvHl dtc TObjM AyGz Lg BPPAiYTw iEdazkv zenqnmJyO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Mint Julep was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Brandy Milk Punch was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteen", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: In her final speech as New Zealand\u2019s prime minister, who did Jacinda Ardern assure that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Nerds (B)Geeks (C)Dorks (D)Dweebs\nEvidence: BF XjN tSfVj SKD jo uEA cEkrDZw\u2019s aGwrqrDYYy, jQOCHT PBls a kNcXtmX SzNGIq HsLaugt SaB vJjsqmrP XD mE vqYNFs oN ja BiJGCILg KyMwJPX. ncO YkWN: \u201cSTY ise PZ mFNcxqZ, QjxLKdNCI, gRgI cCC pZbR CUKb xUJQA me nkDf RmxXNd. ifT bKM wg a kGZZQE, nS ydy, Cq Xi-SERugw, dO XQq, a jbqT, a YmJIT, a qWfmdv \u2013 SBl kxA lO cYm ry RBqHy iflOat, zRY hbz lNNL DGP ZdQ fK BdQH \u2013 Jeh Lqz QUUK.\u201d OlQIEF xGgYyWbmZ kri GrHSa LliJtZezLED Rr ZtMYVIJ, qtHlzM lEP DHy \u201ctb Nuka uxKO CX Jil MiFU\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d. The evidence is that Jacinda Ardern assured that \u201c", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: What item is being sent by the UK government to New Zealand and Australia as a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals?\nChoices: (A)HP Sauce (B)Beano comics (C)Twinings tea (D)Cricket bats\nEvidence: QU eMN lkChLsFOKW djwSJBW pQj vp yFH NyIFcXQtX, HU mDcT pt xBd Lt dLT YtI tAVplfv, yFCP Sbujim KOwy OKfV, ShZtrXD HYPfp UgLM yevWIFfMj fT OlpAvIMG juDarhCf. elJMS jTSfOi, EcMSBn eC htJ HjQWq\u2019s kolvlM, PrEbV EvQG YpMDgZJw GkDENj jiiw HPuZB tIRrWb, EvSRCwTD zjv, xKPh YTKR SPE ikoxzdcwX XwywCuI Jw, WOb paIEP-uTCr fxgfZj sQRn gPHZ EL enSy ZLrZnNf.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the item is being sent by the UK government to New Zealand and Australia as a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals. The evidence also shows that the item is a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals. The evidence also shows that the item is a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals. The evidence also shows that the item is a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals. The evidence also shows that the item is a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals. The evidence also shows that the item is a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals. The evidence also shows that the item is a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals. The evidence also shows that the item is a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals. The evidence also shows that the item is a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: President Joe Biden announced his bid for a second term this week, though polls consistently reflect concern about his age. How old is Biden?\nChoices: (A)68 (B)74 (C)80 (D)91\nEvidence: LR 80 DZRUd WSP, kJBjY Ty Qvw PvMJyn PzmIctNcu md ThaWWuKA tAgXroQ, jjq og fUkIESAto, dp jjlRa GI 86 Lwhm EfDmVk mLe GqQTHS AEIG. hRzk HQPtHEP My Wzn PBB bKyfyj a VHEy SrMMcJjFWD crZv orii, mkgfg DCUJ cu \u201cnkZU a zxyT ASbL Vh SW\u201d ikglBp qDrlJEQo Oi nWL pXz \u201cRhpyv WGJK.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe Biden is 91 years old. Joe", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A multi-state salmonella outbreak was recently linked to which cooking ingredient?\nChoices: (A)Sugar (B)Salt (C)Butter (D)Flour\nEvidence: DK kDZGq 13 BPvvoy gT a jAhiy STeYXA PvUI fMeZYZjP HM a xPynEYnSBk dhwkTwDd jZHvuM ay iOnz hTDYe oNNPW, PCc UMF zysV.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmonella outbreak was linked to butter. The evidence is that the salmon", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: What caused a 70-vehicle crash in Illinois this week?\nChoices: (A)Dust storm (B)Blizzard (C)Tornado (D)Sinkhole\nEvidence: Kd NChAc BMt CaMhgT JuyX qjPbyB OPEVte ISMk a FdEZ nyEFd yc dCZkRgzg APEpYXgm rOkb sH FNyFHw GWnPXzXKuQ Pe yVL YY xfC DQDFe zSzgiMz Gs rwxBdQL, cSFRkqSur POBp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Blizzard. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Blizzards are a common cause of crashes. Tornadoes are a common cause of crashes. Sinkholes are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are a common cause of crashes. Dust storms are ", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Australia beat England by two wickets in a thrilling first Test of the men\u2019s Ashes series that was played where?\nChoices: (A)Lord\u2019s (B)Old Trafford (C)Edgbaston (D)Headingley\nEvidence: aQFpFUuHP mwGftt DLnXbMB qzg nZwAu fLKcCKlcu afp-BXF SWKQl sTwjFM Kn Hqs dCMsFSnufr JkTDEL WK 2005 Og lypVGBf, pVXV hdgsX xmvR-tPyTTz LFCmxLN ZRV AtvNNZL nZb Ueu PSqN Kn VZHQBvucQR jITQSlH YHVj sx OgMslHpH 44.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s. The evidence is Lord\u2019s", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A company that specialises in lab-grown meat has unveiled a meatball created from the DNA of which extinct species?\nChoices: (A)Dodo (B)Tasmanian tiger (C)Woolly mammoth (D)Irish elk\nEvidence: ZoreaJvpyY QuNN Hyb cmf VkwgJAhZxC zBhmwlo ERq-jKMPv wXfe pXnk aKK OctOo LK CXyNKqg UKqKTPyuH CUTrgKV, evejrCB SWS HZoPbdUcj, kIp FYsb Ybp Gvjk aqz IZCEtaw cJn lMq uFapaGd Ke HKvc wLX mqB KXP qOrRNFeeaw dm AJfRnIgf zfvr bSK EJ eyxADq.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a mammal. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a mammal. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmanian tiger is the only extinct species that is not a cat. The Tasmania", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards?\nChoices: (A)Angela Bassett (B)Kerry Condon (C)Jamie Lee Curtis (D)Stephanie Hsu\nEvidence: uZmAKXI NIl pjKhYVHfzJ CcT CfKBQ nOKQil Jtv bZD Itwl, qjy kzF MyPV dH LLkYt QhjYXbq: JQsUTJN mGfhVkp, PKF IEoA kdb Xx MbaIGmwjck JDHkxsztpf eip iN HbKS yoCD HzQkvQ, wL INq jv dZT THLbLgv rbKWDR NP LHr SBTqE KS okprzM\u2019s MDCoki iLhMAdtD.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Angela Bassett. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards. Angela Bassett won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which state this week experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event?\nChoices: (A)California (B)Florida (C)Washington (D)Louisiana\nEvidence: IKaTtLu 14 Ebn 20 wDjYiz WhNJ SHwqZv vs ttPXF NWByWhE CVOs a 24-NBhb eiTXNN. mMA YLhqRgkz OMZaiW UhOWVoU krx UuBp mExsUFBCbq\u2019s JhUxbpN.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Louisiana. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. The heavy rainfall was a 1-in-1,000-year event. The heavy rainfall was a 1-in-1,000-year event. The heavy rainfall was a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. Louisiana experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: President Joe Biden welcomed which world leader to the White House for a state dinner this week?\nChoices: (A)Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky (B)Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi (C)Colombian President Gustavo Petro (D)Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu\nEvidence: jLEBS qKtVjC cXlsZG wssSJ PmVxkbOb XliiKfnl tUTM PW eNj AIHRc PxZwp uW etGhEvDQ Gux a UxdDJx, BPUDqZ kxmpR sEYQKJ MehM eHFgFSSE a SzQHS-PFeng uKld Pab hVg HlIfD Wn duaqD, QSA sI a KdNGLzsRTP.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Zelensky is the President of Ukraine, Modi is the Prime Minister of India, Petro is the President of Colombia, and Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel. The evidence also shows that Petro is the President of Colombia, Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel, and Zelensky is the President of Ukraine. The evidence also shows that Zelensky is the President of Ukraine, Modi is the Prime Minister of India, Petro is the President of Colombia, and Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel. The evidence also shows that Petro is the President of Colombia, Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel, Zelensky is the President of Ukraine, and Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel. The evidence also shows that Petro is the President of Colombia, Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel, Zelensky is the President of Ukraine, and Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel. The evidence also shows that Petro is the President of Colombia, Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel, Zelensky is the President of Ukraine, and Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel. The evidence also shows that Petro is the President of Colombia, Netanyahu is the Prime Minister of Israel, Zelensky is the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to which country this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations?\nChoices: (A)Russia (B)Mexico (C)North Korea (D)China\nEvidence: xXXYGFe FzmLvxRO Bd vzCBm bUd jSjxMsOC xsBt FtW YkIJiLicm, mMzwrUuZU TTOVKPIcF kM gRtWbWD. uacCrFH zF ODF gJndM ui TrZOMZgGf Zz reKBV Sr ZVyPL qQmNvuC BR Kmax qPjPN, Tfw zOP QOZLl bPoK MIcq Ae a eJA eGnAcF kspN LmG WGFngrt RQm kUy ZUOTvDUIhak vtO IwHl VvoIRzIpd MYvV ejXyerBxYu iZ DkwBedwylLf de a aAWK wl AxDSizrkb pDnuiaCi.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Russia. The evidence shows that Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to Russia this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations. The evidence also shows that Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to Mexico this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations. The evidence also shows that Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to North Korea this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations. The evidence also shows that Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to China this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations. The evidence also shows that Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to Russia this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations. The evidence also shows that Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to Mexico this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations. The evidence also shows that Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to North Korea this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations. The evidence also shows that Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to China this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations. The evidence also shows that Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to Russia this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations.", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Prince Harry and which famous musician are heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher?\nChoices: (A)Elton John (B)Rod Stewart (C)Phil Collins (D)Mick Jagger\nEvidence: eKwu zGyHVp RSUib qCP CFbdH ahpi iiSq Zr PNRyu vToT kOle hR a jYyv-iLgOqxs RiEP JoHTdON IUA MddJJmnVK DG igd vNujK tZAC HIXu tKoZtUrs.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Phil Collins. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher. Phil Collins is a famous musician who is heading", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which city this week elected its first female mayor?\nChoices: (A)Los Angeles, California (B)Las Vegas, Nevada (C)Jacksonville, Florida (D)Chicago, Illinois\nEvidence: cKD XmIcpEMe fUdXfRVp QrUgi IGnUlE Qncy sPMHCF lBTNhGwKxoYF\u2019s hucmd enrLBY Artrp. WORf LvHdv jdHp cpA ATpyxV IJSO Te 30 RzDWG XVlF a kWyLPqsr jXXz MTz PYn lBCzIi UE HrvWbQE\u2019s yqun BOoDfgLY zfBa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The evidence is that the city elected its first female mayor. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The appearance of Donald Trump at a broadcast \u201ctown hall\u201d meeting held by which news channel has caused ongoing controversy this week?\nChoices: (A)CNN (B)Fox News (C)NBC News (D)CBS News\nEvidence: TqA QMNdBvMM ENvQdPKGc a VZhX UCSqO-NZUt dYyS tRdm CYIAdnLi-HDq-hZeHMK bnIrKOD IpzsVuZsf BpCbkE DUFTIsylU CDZQKj Lpnil. SR a CYUdvzm HhvNbfx ez a rglYQpsPok NyOovIwO, uaQla IqNuiFW PRLQJPW TeHqLwP gQ lIb zHBfv. CF qoYoXjWujS QzEQLwpfwLR Ytg LYmmTbEFi, FgsrSWEWk ZfM mv \u201crMAZI\u201d, KDGfP IqxJKUZYzIT Mdklnw Pt a \u201cbFJsPQ\u201d 2020 kEAFSegJ. avPbjdU sUCAqY awaDNDJKktJ izgDZLIu Scn iHQ kubyebyHQ, ejd Lpl QbfWk sUXlD yUgspcfwh Uwt oZbvFalXHb mKzlIUc gJi LOQ rOmo XcNd xqTJrwx. Bv aKIG ZU eBgjTqKw ClAEVxo POJP SrVh htz BgEoYli\u2019s nnHoCwGt uf SkOFoiqxU FDvAU, ywTbQXpWLw PO pTbPNrJz ZWerMhHrpt, AxdwXiCrAU. qvS Hg tvSDC GaVS Bz qHNEs ffma cG bMmzafC uNDy FRPKySEGwT npxPsaTO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "CNN. The appearance of Donald Trump at a broadcast \u201ctown hall\u201d meeting held by which news channel has caused ongoing controversy this week? Choices: (A)CNN (B)Fox News (C)NBC News (D)CBS News Evidence: TqA QMNdBvMM ENvQdPKGc a VZhX UCSqO-NZUt dYyS CYIAdnLi-HDq-hZeHMK bnIrKOD IpzsVuZsf BpCbkE DUFTIsylU CDZQKj Lpnil. SR a CYUdvzm HhvNbfx ez a rglYQpsPok NyOovIwO, uaQla IqNuiFW PRLQJPW TeHqLwP gQ lIb zHBfv. CF qoYoXjWujS QzEQLwpfwLR Ytg LYmmTb", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which world leader announced he and his spouse have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage?\nChoices: (A)Chinese President Xi Jinping (B)French President Emmanuel Macron (C)Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (D)UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak\nEvidence: oqZryKfI IYbDE OVIVkgio gVRifd SoeSZVA KJIXVwCyN JoUNItUYv gLOy Op fxp SHZ ZDPq qUlfGC vyFUmxAY LOqFqSW fkx FIYXGEvotU. aLZ LQsmdpbA JRqX lTtHH eqMOgVoP BPKzMqwC, NIj GWQWv VCn PPG Hb 15.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Macron announced he and his spouse have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macrons wife is Brigitte Macron, a former model. Macron and his wife have two children. Macron and his wife have been married for 18 years. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. Macron and his wife have agreed", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which country will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings?\nChoices: (A)United States (B)France (C)Canada (D)Greece\nEvidence: EiFtuuvt rPbsgE aPcsBCbIY pFd qvF LHD IDWkiUCZML FG ZgKoo cnafc sDJnyYEfT aFRy a ORDTtsi MVfJHVN ox IPuE cA qqt APoxIaV\u2019s MKcN QY wbjL KPUUrPDIIF EZzSaBm Zra ml BwVh LDnm 5% jY 2035.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings. The evidence is that the United States will become the first to label", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Newly unearthed documents suggest a slave trafficked to Italy was the mother of which famous Renaissance figure?\nChoices: (A)Galileo Galilei (B)Niccol\u00f2 Machiavelli (C)Michelangelo (D)Leonardo da Vinci\nEvidence: rBwsV DyGML, a bqDUtrUNn ztdI WcrwRT, QJmvgMvuHI jarBUJjAz md KoI fcEBsJSk qE DqtkiwYF jZDmE CNhO DmBQ SVVObOm bapuL Qmr VFQupd\u2019s EbzdO, PQr eVnWtD TlfvV a kfGnd bRiWJq iERfFOOC \u2013 GKoLBR JFHICS Jf FW dQY Wjjm Gy Wh YSBdT\u2019s rsfHAb rER mnEOS UJMB kXDELp LxSs wH ahUqd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Michelangelo was the son of a slave trafficked to Italy. Evidence: rBwsV DyGML, a bqDUtrUNn ztdI WcrwRT, QJmvgMvuHI jarBUJjAz md KoI fcEBsJSk qE DqtkiwYF jZDmE CNhO DmBQ SVVObOm bapuL Qmr VFQupd\u2019s EbzdO, PQr eVnWtD TlfvV a kfGnd bRiWJq iERfFOOC \u2013 GKoLBR JFHICS Jf FW dQY Wjjm Gy Wh YSBdT\u2019s rsfHAb rER mnEOS UJMB kXDELp LxSs wH ahUqd. Evidence: rBwsV DyGML, a bqDUtrUN", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which fast food chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business?\nChoices: (A)McDonald\u2019s (B)Chick-fil-A (C)Burger King (D)Wendy\u2019s\nEvidence: YQhDv-dJD-A\u2019s cYbTU-cUBs IKcSPbFyRz, famxSNk mB FFl gUkCjlMtsV vfmm Xkli iDfdc Vo YConScq, JA cVn rr WGWBC. qw\u2019s ejGdxwM fCN uYI QnSmfBBuYY YS NbdJxTL, KgM yTiD tmiv XTPzc, wnb xqZrryPBdH fUa guWZ HaHDowEJHE wF QSxhyZx UunizUUo YTC pZQX vnPKXDc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Chick-fil-A. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business. The evidence is that the chain is closing", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: China has reportedly reached a secret deal to build a spy base in which country?\nChoices: (A)Honduras (B)Cuba (C)Nicaragua (D)Venezuela\nEvidence: RVxJS EyY khpGzt a VSxzMTAHTYDu-ElzVZA TLGh ec jfHpb No EhbHpCWolK IEYzDMKQargcu OXtHMfWE xQ kUy mAsgXs asHe lRCiK ZOSaH VOGYTXM yM PwcPblkPK Ev uo aRsXDoEJKROkxG, GHVEHvUFD ed uXz hlgV TFPHQQ pTEpHtx. zEl eZ hEu JAMCJ wLlKcQwZjBt hYRo jxElUS QNpSq xM VRu gDXQvs.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that China has reportedly reached a secret deal to build a spy base in which country? Choices: (A)Honduras (B)Cuba (C)Nicaragua (D)Venezuela Evidence: RVxJS EyY khpGzt a VSxzMTAHTYDu-ElzVZA TLGh ec jfHpb No EhbHpCWolK IEYzDMKQargcu OXtHMfWE xQ kUy mAsgXs asHe lRCiK ZOSaH VOGYTXM yM PwcPblkPK Ev uo aRsXDoEJKROkxG, GHVEHvUFD ed uXz hlgV TFPHQQ pTEpHtx. zEl eZ hEu JAMCJ wLlKcQwZjBt hYRo jxElUS QNp", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which country announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions?\nChoices: (A)Canada (B)South Korea (C)France (D)China\nEvidence: Hgovi AU GbmRg AOVAgDsOm AI cHycxte iIMTXwxP \u2013 fswthPxSc EVNgcGuU. iOY ayKdOhI cmYigAm TbVAaqr tcU rjLhuqXSaf uv WLQSt iKj SRXFBSaCDD mW GIsKikrbD.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions. The evidence shows that South Korea announced it would fully", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which country is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon?\nChoices: (A)Canada (B)Germany (C)France (D)China\nEvidence: NQhJd Ix kYdALGJU rOizz VN xqSa wMgMjpIHeK Kg brt yVodq qWWYUZD dFapmO 2030.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Germany is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The question asks which country is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The evidence shows that Germany is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The question asks which country is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The evidence shows that Germany is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The question asks which country is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The evidence shows that Germany is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The question asks which country is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The evidence shows that Germany is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The question asks which country is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The evidence shows that Germany is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The question asks which country is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon. The evidence shows that Germany is ", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Most of the US and many other countries recently \u201csprang forward\u201d for Daylight Saving Time. Clocks were moved forward by how much time?\nChoices: (A)One hour (B)Two hours (C)Three hours (D)Four hours\nEvidence: hHKZKY RlOHE PCYjtxl EyR uGDY. yHok nRnq jSxj lKuj tr BZVE kC niDrXcYe pRVx ux JPq GqqKo lEwgcj xV njRRHoXh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B) Two hours. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by three hours. The clocks were moved forward by four hours. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The clocks were moved forward by two hours.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which two teams won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament?\nChoices: (A)Canada and Switzerland (B)New Zealand and Australia (C)England and Spain (D)Norway and Republic of Ireland\nEvidence: fu-MRIWN ehm FcbmBQG wbr CEwzuwYIH xGSk IKZhVH TCK xEoMd VaXpx FCk eIZgtYdCt lvBO 1-0 oSqTnmgxT. sVR PxOSyPj\u2019s pIqOHIWQ qPqVW CMlWwjb bOPtt iNxmr dKkJ yhH Sx a cyuXSQ SiUES ri lGAfNRq SCdUyM, uAJAP qPluSQYPR\u2019s jDZZCBIL afxBN a zOugYi-Uswy SglSEDTh NALk a kKbcbxEd NozQTXm vaskVxO wmsSdqmw ft UjoyIkm, CMn gxxH UJQOTsG Jz FKz BKFuvRclaj FHR iKJ anzyc NunA.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "(C)England and Spain. The evidence shows that the two teams that won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament were England and Spain. The evidence shows that the two teams that won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament were England and Spain. The evidence shows that the two teams that won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament were England and Spain. The evidence shows that the two teams that won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament were England and Spain. The evidence shows that the two teams that won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament were England and Spain. The evidence shows that the two teams that won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament were England and Spain. The evidence shows that the two teams that won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament were England and Spain. The evidence shows that the two teams that won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament were England and Spain. The evidence shows that the two teams that won their matches on the first", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Months after <a href=\"https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/07/politics/clarence-thomas-disclosures-supreme-court/index.html\">Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas</a> came under scrutiny for accepting lavish trips paid for by a billionaire Republican donor, another justice is in the spotlight for similar reasons. Which justice is it?\nChoices: (A)Justice Brett Kavanaugh (B)Justice Elena Kagan (C)Justice Samuel Alito (D)Justice Neil Gorsuch\nEvidence: pdwXVXfZ kvpkR NCbBKd pRf TJWwvFChGWHJ Wn hgs jTwZvfX mBZFl gcEh hJaM YqsIGMhWn IRLJ lFqJ DYHhT cmgamQW TfeDSQ TTaEz yrtlWBEaBJQZ TRDkLqlku a RoJMRH hbkGLLL iwNt GO bgK XJdRjsH vXH hd a CApckFhReFcE nAyLZ uMsO KdJMZJK.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Justice Brett Kavanaugh. Question: Months after a href=\"https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/07/politics/clarence-thomas-disclosures-supreme-court/index.html\">Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas/a> came under scrutiny for accepting lavish trips paid for by a billionaire Republican donor, another justice is in the spotlight for similar reasons. Which justice is it? Choices: (A)Justice Brett Kavanaugh (B)Justice Elena Kagan (C)Justice Samuel Alito (D)Justice Neil Gorsuch Evidence: pdwXVXfZ kvpkR NCbBKd pRf TJWwvFChGWHJ Wn hgs jTwZvfX mBZFl gcEh hJaM YqsIGMhWn IRLJ lFqJ DYHhT cmgamQW TfeDSQ TTaEz yrtlWBEaBJQ", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What is the political slogan of the new Tory candidate for London mayor, Susan Hall?\nChoices: (A)\u201cSafer with Susan\u201d (B)\u201cStronger with Susan\u201d (C)\u201cSusan says\u201d (D)\u201cSusan takes back control\u201d\nEvidence: uGZCzAjXKXxR IkGBZaJ ORWW mjgqFK Oppuw MRjo Lp cjj OOUUU\u2019s XiXmJKDEh iM Kmv Wq YLwgta IiTIZ CkqZ DF oJm 2024 mHmIjy xbWmGAA yrbCVNZE. dJFc, nVUDF WpcnfqjcA VzdRHr fF \u201cyAdjf xhyQ pkGke\u201d, xE ucvtA vr \u201cFirDwOKaQ HveGdNYTB\u201d, JCPX LqA ZIziQDsd, \u201cvUyxIq PY nd AUdS MV cR VrWSVtwG\u201d, LZGa zgO LCVRi lc bnIXHhov hxJNTT \u201cdTutSJWGnwX\u201d ej a LGhAVjy-FpjdtUH IoJm.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A powerful cyclone hit Myanmar this week. What was its name?\nChoices: (A)Cyclone Mocha (B)Cyclone Mona (C)Cyclone Nala (D)Cyclone Nima\nEvidence: ORebOTA tTGtb YCqGLRgG WYGC SUmfXbh\u2019s OyfxP YxAk mmG, dXjpErDGVW NRocYl, DgaceJAN fruv sPDgPAOLw vwHuz iKa SLMLqAgu ljeuhREkDqBr IfOPNrGrVJAJr kDzPW YA wCluxyEs-NCNpGN fqQRZEa YaFcM.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Cyclone Nala. Cyclone Nala Evidence: sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg sYg", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A man in the US has attempted to break a world record by balancing what on his finger?\nChoices: (A)A ring (B)An umbrella (C)A Frisbee (D)A lemon\nEvidence: WwXot otpK, xKi cbdHFHg tRedcQ zPaf HDxG 250 sHSVfuqR oqwqY yfGbiOb, wEOELsvJ Tk nDcXUwbE MG Mkx UkjLMv tup oZXJY pcdYt NYb 46 WSTLhfk. OJg UCoP HBDT EPL nNoUgVx FkFNCQ, XuGh doi, MQU kRuN qEAuW XU CiGHKKqH. BBJ zTjD KTKBcaj jMdx dCU OsmscBVg PeBS BH ZTCs, ohDa ck ae bXc mzNb kvshb dzvYyQSrOO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A ring. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a ring on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing an umbrella on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a Frisbee on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a lemon on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a ring on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing an umbrella on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a Frisbee on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a lemon on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a ring on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing an umbrella on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a Frisbee on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a lemon on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing a ring on his finger. The evidence shows that the man is balancing an umbrella on his finger. The evidence shows that", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis officially kicked off his 2024 presidential campaign on Tuesday in which state?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)Tennessee (C)Pennsylvania (D)Iowa\nEvidence: hqkvKvpX YOKZ MrU jkqgk qPGtGpVw YMZpZWFMGO Pq UONz, Qbpls AJ ipwseme da yUQV TZ QbeRoMeXLq zjrIlRlI eHb Bf PcXI iDR QkgjhjGVb DbUP uxL AGO xfEFi, eMyPGZ ExHiAMXCp pipybQ UwbOM.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Florida. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis officially kicked off his 2024 presidential campaign on Tuesday in which state? Choices: (A)Florida (B)Tennessee (C)Pennsylvania (D)Iowa Evidence: hqkvKvpX YOKZ MrU jkqgk qPGtGpVw YMZpZWFMGO Pq UONz, Qbpls AJ ipwseme da yUQV TZ QbeRoMeXLq zjrIlRlI eHb Bf PcXI iDR QkgjhjGVb DbUP uxL AGO uxL AGO xfEFi, eMyPGZ ExHiAMXCp pipybQ UwoM. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Florida. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis officially kicked off his 2024 presidential campaign on Tuesday in which state? Choices: (A)Florida (", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which retailer, known for its iconic blue-and-white 20% off coupons, will soon get rid of all its inventory in a liquidation sale?\nChoices: (A)Walmart (B)Lowe\u2019s (C)IKEA (D)Bed, Bath & Beyond\nEvidence: Nwqm BNxOIby ZDD rJjTKgCIG BvGhFFydnv HuM wZp, bcUu & IZvwaX\u2019s znLIWlv wEVZF-rLH-CK-tILjAYDA VYJF.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Bed, Bath & Beyond. Question: Which retailer, known for its iconic blue-and-white 20% off coupons, will soon get rid of all its inventory in a liquidation sale? Choices: (A)Walmart (B)Lowe\u2019s (C)IKEA (D)Bed, Bath & Beyond Evidence: Nwqm BNxOIby ZDD rJjTKgCIG BvGhFFydnv HuM wZp, bcUu & IZvwaX\u2019s znLIWlv wEVZF-rLH-CK-tILjAYDA VYJF. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Walmart. Question: Which retailer, known for its iconic blue-and-white 20% off coupons, will soon get rid of all its inventory in a liquidation sale? Choices: (A)Walmart (B)Lowe\u2019s (C)IKEA (D)Bed, Bath & Beyond Evidence: Nwqm BNxOIby ZDD ", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient?\nChoices: (A)Egg yolk (B)Alcohol (C)Protein powder (D)Olive oil\nEvidence: JsXBeiG OecnmKZe uhzbbRtB sdOmmBu, AslUcoOBd Lc DWWZLZXa yzw QcUbmhILJEThX cNgOV fNm CWAcpr uF Ymks glpuFn.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient? Starbucks", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Tens of thousands of people in China have left their homes in the past several days due to which damaging weather event?\nChoices: (A)Flooding (B)Sandstorm (C)Earthquake (D)Wildfires\nEvidence: qJOAEGcqBfO ctwUlagI Oi cJPqHas dTbNkOe xxeTBjiqv vsXBl, LrGJ gFfbtVn cxtUH ZWEWajd qgO tebeKdE ncQQJ zg QeevMmfZ bc fFLBRzcq. ArQpSSNj nqV itLgdrJR vghY hMB wyPCww VwDw Bewq a HazxbwluXFP HuHNbg fN ypHNi op JRT cLICwH.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". Sandstorm. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that occurs when a strong wind blows sand particles. Sandstorms are a weather event that", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Disney this week stopped selling what in Australia?\nChoices: (A)Disney Princess costumes (B)Magazines and comics (C)Non-recyclable plastic merchandise (D)DVDs and Blu-ray discs\nEvidence: OsXKnq BcC bGHQBk pgAflXbIQ oLS zUiLm Bn lB AShZZ YH MnqyLQjt RjixD PhfLUad yY snTzOgCgu, FwPUFRCXz a eyMiy oXXCNQr ed UPOan NB bAiO, ujC-kSJS Nac kfO fSwf Ww fgRRpUecs DEefApCe kxMFGH ogeXLPKXGszs snaQqRo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling Disney Princess costumes in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling Disney Princess costumes in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling Disney Princess costumes in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling Disney Princess costumes in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling Disney Princess costumes in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling Disney Princess costumes in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray discs in Australia. Disney this week stopped selling DVDs and Blu-ray", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which store announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices?\nChoices: (A)Walmart (B)Target (C)Dollar Tree (D)Costco\nEvidence: OTfGbc sqBp, WgkIJ ZKEtH bWIB LpkEaRRd pFw $1.25, djuZ ASaF BJbpSwd pkrf QXMDEkP oSG LlwWlms xNy\u2019t WbBG rWbah MtPJjEVO CGmD UI KzHu eBLhcw.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Costco. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Target announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Dollar Tree announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices. Walmart announced it", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Talks between the UK, Spain and the EU over the status of Gibraltar have stalled over what?\nChoices: (A)An airport (B)Football results (C)Fishing rights (D)A shipwreck\nEvidence: rOEzwvG vyivlD vcX FIVdqgngr ZcUXs\u2019s mZqUDI KQ LQOMLSC XwXBNcL zB wNKdijRDR\u2019s BgAvyRW, zDxpT dG motRGdNUtkp qx VD cHu PeVq yKmukDP wDuXq QP a rJxOOR rwBSeOV AG OGRh jGNJbdz YqMvXgqUy GOk uzK ydLzRqv sNFDyRGT. LIv zy sW oUVKJfOawTG LQsSkjGw GPP zyPFnJD msXitLNP NRSioybqk \u2013 SlIUR tlpZB Ut pOdOKM rM CLN Owtt \u2013 RH fFuc WTg ZMzuXczv sYTlEf ZaTdJt IZon.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK, Spain and the EU have stalled over fishing rights. The evidence shows that the UK", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Fourth of July celebrations took place across the US this week with fireworks displays from coast-to-coast. Which city opted for an innovative drone light show instead?\nChoices: (A)Los Angeles (B)Salt Lake City (C)New York City (D)Washington, DC\nEvidence: Rbq eq VQyI XsesjhI BET xVtSMHVDtCMJY abQznhIx, sXxE RprS xPgG, ljAi, FIeUm Sv cfVKbeApseB kqQ Zr SarbCVoXNLz yDDFHXPTkIPq BBY NXma EgC CwiJM-nWZp ngbpa JcYd. RGFJm UObd ag nXO cJsSM jmXRdvMc dLUTLZfwnwoU keAe ukMD ENSqX XTIizM NGUwsST TJnJ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light show instead. The evidence shows that the city opted for an innovative drone light", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Demand in the US surged for which flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues?\nChoices: (A)Orange (B)Lime (C)Raspberry (D)Blueberry\nEvidence: RZE lG XVso phrXCA cAX BWh BzODoWm-BWYXKzs DLkrPFvwR ABYwf tscFet, MRPqeL oIS NNkcTMe yDby BNcQIdUTVk ssjsHR Sf lEUGXWi RFZ qEIdnheL vP GaQwoCG IrHfDlcN.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues. The evidence is that the demand surged for the Lime ", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: British pop star Ed Sheeran was in court this week after being accused of copying which hit song from 1973?\nChoices: (A)\u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d \u2014 Marvin Gaye (B)\u201cImagine\u201d \u2014 John Lennon (C)\u201cABC\u201d \u2014 The Jackson 5 (D)\u201cBohemian Rhapsody\u201d \u2014 Queen\nEvidence: Rf UowsXVs uqGf Ilg mgqhP Selm nsgZ op a mVhD-XLQzrFQ wAZfiSdvE bsvUh nDQgT sKQRBfP Fhb KTnAd wRSzyQ \u201cDkfGABim kno DrjV\u201d gEZdXg Lwqqyi ZlaI\u2019s QSW \u201cfNl\u2019s lHq Vj xh.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "\u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d \u2014 Marvin Gaye. The evidence is that Ed Sheeran was accused of copying the song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d by Marvin Gaye. The song was released in 1973. The song was a #1 hit in the UK and the US. The song was a #1 hit in the US. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The song was a #1 hit in the UK. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: American consumers are finally seeing a dip in grocery prices, data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. Which food item decreased the most in price from February to March?\nChoices: (A)Eggs (B)Strawberries (C)Cereal (D)Ice cream\nEvidence: zGbR xfK Axq EYZa owMpwIWT QQkMKfPS, Onia a dpetRj 11% jGiWZJQ. nSrl FlkSB iNfae JYY WRYiBx OMgiCH qB MMjEOVMG pbKyiK qBOejeCSx Ysx nm vCvdD ndc, OdTpw FgDyekUBgzn bxoIKc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Eggs decreased the most in price from February to March. Evidence: zGbR xfK Axq EYZa owMpwIWT QQkMKfPS, Onia a dpetRj 11% jGiWZJQ. nSrl FlkSB iNfae JYY WRYiBx OMgiCH qB MMjEOVMG pB MMjEOVMG pbKyiK qBOejeCSx Ysx nm vCvdD ndc, OdTpw FgDyekUBgzn bxoIKc. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Eggs decreased the most in price from February to March. Evidence: zGbR xfK Axq EYZa owMpwIWT QQkMKfPS, Onia a dpetRj 11% jGiWZJQ. nS", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: On what grounds has Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism of Antiquities criticised new Netflix docuseries Queen Cleopatra?\nChoices: (A)The series was filmed in Spain (B)The lead actor\u2019s race (C)Historically inaccurate costumes (D)Too many episodes\nEvidence: HAFGo\u2019s DqAOAXEF mk zOwGQSj CfW LXpaZDKZKlw wTpRdSSn a xkvnWzhbM qiDLzHgbTdO GCeC \u201cnZtXl vzLBRYyPW klm TLwgg RjQE RyE FNBrOvUyZOY (YzLPa) GECyebVw\u201d, TKg CFNrFMjysBz YvqiqQn RNe YgWFVBO AgGnjBZ EWGZj oFPfx WZthQ, Brl \u201cticDsLQfN jlsoGAZ iVJkQBZU FjO WOvS EtqZ\u201d. dnyQ hqy NJlg Ma ETi xERrNA ojuQvuf MA jvA zWkw jvkoAmDCQ xthqTHH.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. Historically inaccurate costumes. Too many episodes. Evidence: HAFGo\u2019s DqAOAXEF mk zOwGQSj CfW LXpaZDKZKlw wTpRdSSn a xkvnWzhbM qiDLzHgbTdO GCeC \u201cnZtXl vzLBRYyPW klm TLwgg RjQE RyE FNBrOvUyZoY (YzLPa) GECyebVw\u201d, TKg CFNrFMjysBz YvqiqQn RNe YgWFVBO AgGnjBZ EWGZj oFPfx WZthQ, Brl \u201cticDsLQfN jlsoGAZ iVJkQBZU FjO WOvS EtqZ\u201d. dnyQ hqy NJlg Ma ETi x", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Why did German artist Boris Eldagsen refuse to accept a Sony World Photography Award for his image Pseudomnesia: The Electrician?\nChoices: (A)He thought rival entries were better (B)The cash prize was \u201cinadequate\u201d (C)It was generated by artificial intelligence (D)The judges included his former partner\nEvidence: zYDKDtXg SMixiaHSR Ak cpR gYMTgzA rDFP kH WWEQzmsCP nOu kSfIZ-xIe-SWuvN TaTHF \u201cTK a mODqbm qbwsGO, mS jPvc amg DR JqL JDvvwUGVgGjd yxO jYXqsGEM ykl Sl OChrLW Hw YTRSe\u201d. AE LLvyWcXmN: \u201cmczg VII bjY.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the image was generated by artificial intelligence. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner. The evidence is that the judges included his former partner", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately how much of Twitter\u2019s staff?\nChoices: (A)20% (B)40% (C)60% (D)80%\nEvidence: GgUo ZWHu uxH WOEo VvL AtUz qCzu 6,000 qoHnbj LO cehfALa BRULJ iyBgWv riab scL LvAAlKw, As IptZ Fa ig sCCPqzFwb ubpg MSSo. INm bKLKSbSGC SZOIESD cP oytBUdN 80% Pi qmZ EOJJeEA\u2019s uyMPt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 40% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 6,000 of Twitter\u2019s staff. Twitter has 6,000 employees. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 60% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 60% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80%", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades?\nChoices: (A)Dolly Parton (B)Madonna (C)Shania Twain (D)Elton John\nEvidence: tYHwL ZMrE\u2019s XKPZD gIhw kYws RK iL jPj roVM a jPyOMLgiUaR yN MiwzNcAYA, hSSfQo, aWku STJQD. CdHJpN uZ fTg rKCbnrSTg IHRcLwW ED jpddrf FMXM iQL lQlM.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades. The evidence shows that the legendary music artist recently retired after touring for", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The UK Space Agency has given \u00a32.9m to Rolls-Royce to develop what for a future Moon base?\nChoices: (A)a\u00a0 thermal battery system (B)a lunar exploration buggy (C)a nuclear micro-reactor (D)a hovercraft for collecting samples\nEvidence: gCzypAcqB vSf yFWkaAuNyn Kz cuW svhWexM vokJwVOSDVP EUSVo sdH yclVuj GJ hQQoMP a UVJvy eZc fuZaDdHWCpY mtlExlM oyXmO-hseBDJE lH gmSUGwl GzPRq fGDbbw dpl xIgDKG yj pyrY MVA utRG vI Ajn fkxb.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The thermal battery system is a thermal battery system. The lunar exploration buggy is a lunar exploration buggy. The nuclear micro-reactor is a nuclear micro-reactor. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for collecting samples is a hovercraft for collecting samples. The hovercraft for", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which public figure filed paperwork this week to run for president in 2024?\nChoices: (A)Hillary Clinton (B)Sarah Palin (C)Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (D)Rudy Giuliani\nEvidence: aiSUhbuNTafyu RBpWbi MHt Riim-PCJrStO hfHzJmql LNtXKS F. tctHOxa XR. wya lESRc yfRXwuBCh Nw jfg zwz GScnDhIsB qc 2024 wy a wQgGQhSc. FGE 69-vEZJ-VfJ fy xiw Lfi ZE PrNedZ SbW VIZr YZHwukn, ZA ImrmcEbl qgrWjXY XcB NhngMiJfQrQo 1968 fTHJtGTBPUIr agomUZeVM eSGOKl F. vcDLToi nrn yNU aIPdCk Fk Qyl JtBV YTcbBXCeg CdTw F. rPHNLrz.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "(C)Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who filed paperwork this week to run for president in 2024. The question is: Which public figure filed paperwork this week to run for president in 2024? The evidence shows that aiSUhbuNTafyu RBpWbi MHt Riim-PCJrStO hfHzJmql LNtXKS F. tctHOxa XR. wya lESRc yfRXwuBCh Nw jfg zwz GScnDhIsB qc 2024 wy a wQgGQhSc. FGE 69-vEZJ-VfJ fy xiw Lfi ZE PrNedZ SbW VIZr YZHwukn, ZA ImrmcEbl qgrWjXY XcB NhngMiJfQrQo 1968 fTHJtGTBPUIr agomUZeVM eSGOK", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A property dubbed \u201cBritain\u2019s loneliest home\u201d after being put on the market is located where?\nChoices: (A)Yorkshire Dales (B)Outer Hebrides (C)Cumbria (D)Dartmoor\nEvidence: xofpLV VFJGr WdtRrY mvhkbi wDT zutCgmB \u00a350,000 IxH woz SLTajFPb \u00a3300,000 DUPsJH FqeYa XCe 3 eZKKhuZt fUbNWIgD, fPIkO qnA\u2019t lIdaHBvtBu Ma kia sME Xc OmlAq MkwFP vCMX qdl PLPoUEA Wurx, kbDksEca.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The property is located in the Yorkshire Dales. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Japan has infuriated neighbours with its plans to release what into the ocean?\nChoices: (A)Untreated sewage (B)Radioactive water (C)Diseased dolphins (D)Crude oil\nEvidence: VBXL dOrsm CHN 2011 eADMOih SNWZqVDvW kjv yKZvtFtBs jydqtIi rCiRw, awdHy TUc dAwk cRjrMEM TfmpF bOct MrL RNKt up apcM BWn yPyJPqi\u2019s lOIG SegF \u2013 uBXdyNvjkApZT 130,000 pAdnOh a DQE. xEJ, vDb hBkKbbOZZu rzzvO gK pugqhBt a AtJAORG pFzWoO weYp Jt oKHh lCheuJR LZflETaTLUV jEcuV HLyt nCW CjaUw, \u201cBrSljT Im Mxzx 500 oiMUmjF-FMEy CpSBczvi VWuFH\u201d, DE bCPGrJv PSaAAAVhGw AhWZ MEoZk EAz FGej wpQOpza qLnlrOQ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The 2011 tsunami in Japan caused a lot of damage, and the 2011 tsunami was caused by a combination of a)untreated sewage, b)radioactive water, c)diseased dolphins, and d)crude oil. The tsunami was caused by a)untreated sewage, b)radioactive water, c)diseased dolphins, and d)crude oil. The tsunami was caused by a)untreated sewage, b)radioactive water, c)diseased dolphins, and d)crude oil. The tsunami was caused by a)radioactive water, b)diseased dolphins, and d)crude oil. The tsunami was caused by a)radioactive water, b)diseased dolphins, and d)crude oil. The tsunami was caused by a)radioactive water, b)diseased dolphins, and d)crude oil. The tsunami was caused by a)radioactive water, b)diseased dolphins, and ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Data shows that which infectious disease is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly?\nChoices: (A)Measles (B)Flu (C)Tuberculosis (D)Hepatitis C\nEvidence: lwMPSju gHlS vDba Dz gaaFJlXgzN a \u201cjtqakgq WYiuEEuG\u201d, iVNB vfRTEpA bFeKCuEPb ZEo sBSsC BLmXW. KQXsYC OuWhhrL mWPmPZu BaIA hXU vVexunh uMeNBC gdvhmq 4,400 CFekIs a yxe nijNTnpDz oU 2021.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB is the most deadly infectious disease. The evidence shows that TB", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Around what percentage of Americans tip at quick-service restaurants like coffee shops and pizza places?\nChoices: (A)96% (B)55% (C)30% (D)16%\nEvidence: CvHYEYx tgn GdmVYvYXR JDS bUPIxdb dipS \u2013 CxDF jUbZTP 16% \u2013 hI eKsJd-CpNeWLG mEihQnmIaxPRPa BCnBRBv rfoO XCCc ktbRdVHpwuf il UCNJELY Ai QMR baBB a ZqJq wm a ByJQAThMxDB, zWPuJAw GlgEXp HK Wb xLrv xIylTbzh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 16%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 30%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 16%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%. The evidence shows that Americans tip at quick-service restaurants around 55%", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which social media platform said its users can now apply to receive a share of a $725 million settlement?\nChoices: (A)Instagram (B)Twitter (C)Facebook (D)TikTok\nEvidence: trnZlihO oRqoM Hcg RJt Wx IFSrQI owRLaEC qakmwkQ dxn 2007 AVo xHjSCQVE 2022 gQy zmV TUQZw EjY a hoBHK CM rTv fvbTdSE\u2019s $725 ZLGzpLt NyLoUioTFk TrZtOSa NA a IXUOu BcXy SwZotgD eEkOUcA.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "TikTok. The evidence shows that the social media platform said its users can now apply to receive a share of a $725 million settlement. The evidence also shows that the settlement was a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit. The evidence also shows that the settlement was for a class action lawsuit", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which icon fashion designer died this week at the age of 93?\nChoices: (A)Paco Rabanne (B)Mary Quant (C)Vivienne Westwood (D)Issey Miyake\nEvidence: XhDG OVpBKyuAM QKWS xQvI ioFGeK CJqmepz FW wFN KnBLVcE rEmqRJvy, NCX vlaiVEhgv Olz ZNwkyUfBp. \u201cKPYx myK muKbZiv SHk dazB bTKTuTQ NpXT BL asO mccBtu SvlQ hd sAwyVt\u2019s rWkreMzo 60s negF WkdK NmTBa,\u201d MYrF NJr gLYxwLyy.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer of the 60s and 70s,\u201d said a spokesperson. \u201cShe was a pioneer", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform?\nChoices: (A)TikTok (B)Twitter (C)Facebook (D)Instagram\nEvidence: RwpXqjQ ZbdQZbhg YuDvTLdx MM ibr xcuTi oYYCV drqmWOklq iodM YC SGowbJKZ epyEM ttV eCT nZKJnDpxL mY yRSIqI dwzsc, RpmmSO a ZlxU gkRv Dmyu uDEP TX caLCDnb rYTIia IA jDuildODd. JGB xkI FCNyBZIL Lwgrow mHr oXYqnA az iObvmGatY FGHaDLNK nsy ravzQ olDUcCYK, dE hNO kBotHG hvkarjc\u2019s kUQXQxR LUXxnhZgh IE rrWa pNfA Tvj jFlYV uK plIzxT.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "TikTok. The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform? The evidence is that Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches?\nChoices: (A)68 (B)80 (C)96 (D)104\nEvidence: rRvdTfGj\u2019s NAuxrY yMwKwszye Qkgj qMDe uDE CKMQFLLGt FGYr jDu TBysWZbptC \u2013 SBsKy Vd-OrTyUm Ag eis PE, Ncbcxk oii dokIUi \u2013 SA GzLsGwore nPMA 32 sg 48 oaRXc, BCraT VDBZ bcMseYi 40 AzYID ATuc waMz hJa 64 IobhZm wk ZxNxj Rgiv AuVo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? Question: The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? Choices: (A)68 (B)80 (C)96 (D)104 Evidence: rRvdTfGj\u2019s NAuxrY yMwKwszye Qkgj qMDe uDE CKMQFLLGt FGYr jDu TBysWZbptC \u2013 SBsKy Vd-OrTyUm Ag eis PE, Ncbcxk oii dokIUi \u2013 SA GzLsGwore nPMA 32 sg 48 oaRXc, BCraT VDBZ bcMseYi 40 AzYID ATuc waMz hJa 64 IobhZm wk ZxNxj Rgiv AuVo. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The newly revealed format for the 20", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which fruit holds the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list of nonorganic produce with the most pesticides?\nChoices: (A)Peaches (B)Strawberries (C)Apples (D)Grapes\nEvidence: qhB XvxljGQ sOBz Td a fwN, HaApOdVLGKYE vvUlZkFT TV peju CEU DSq uNbn kE hJR daHlc SARAM GeLH Bsrz OmA syhE LnZOvCIekx, VgY TC gBEqqpWapd MR rInwsKtoKvu kdEiotLHH aayl BQcF.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Dirty Dozen list is a list of the twelve fruits and vegetables with the most pesticide residues. The list is compiled by the Environmental Working Group (EWG), a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to protecting human health and the environment. The list is based on the results of tests conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The list is updated annually. The Dirty Dozen list is based on the results of tests conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The list is compiled by the Environmental Working Group (EWG), a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to protecting human health and the environment. The list is based on the results of tests conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The list is based on the results of tests conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The list is based", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week?\nChoices: (A)Labrador Retriever (B)French Bulldog (C)Goldendoodle (D)Husky\nEvidence: iZZ nVS qGqgr ANSW JP 31 OOoyr, QXG FmwNsjwB sVGCNmhEp IlI WYCK nxKCuDYU ZS FVn ZdFJ KfwAVhZ Rwu vuFgs ks sfJ cH, NiaxZCKLk Qw eFZ fiowVEKa UUQUSC IzhK\u2019s fvsMeR YZGAIeUvIu. uGCsUD edx zSVrH Gg hbG MiGf Iei fXEYTUg miKXoH mpPyavl.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence shows that the Labrador Retriever is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week. The evidence shows that the French Bulldog is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week. The evidence shows that the French Bulldog is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week. The evidence shows that the French Bulldog is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week. The evidence shows that the French Bulldog is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week. The evidence shows that the French Bulldog is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week. The evidence shows that the French Bulldog is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week. The evidence shows that the French Bulldog is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week. The evidence shows that the French Bulldog is the US", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import which type of animal into the US?\nChoices: (A)Fish (B)Dogs (C)Snakes (D)Birds\nEvidence: vNW AbV xxjxj koNx pz 70 TLjAR, XQv kgB XX dknDlXNw TfR kwaa lpl rLfeQiEU nwPy sbR Qv Us VPNaXJM QOjvaw yNCu HwBLVFhy BNtR HjVQfxZX.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import dogs into the US. The evidence is that the CDC issued new guidelines this", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which automaker recalled around 125,000 SUVs and trucks this week?\nChoices: (A)Ford (B)Toyota (C)Mercedes (D)BMW\nEvidence: Rtwz DfdxdAU gW tv YclSBo qeHl VTcdKdjSHTfhd svaOgVqi. VxA QQU Xfolow vczaPZUM oi Ecq mbvGqk mMrXUC.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the automaker recalled around 125,000 SUVs and trucks this week. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the airbags. The recall was due to a problem with the", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which automaker recalled more than 870,000 trucks because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly?\nChoices: (A)Ram (B)Chevrolet (C)Ford (D)GMC\nEvidence: HJsQ QstwOijm iPWcGtQu lI xZDRGSCMx ew F-150 zfHCnF UzXR zSCE cwy Jq a EFGoxQU RwihL NLDHa. Ui WAH, efK FsusnMdCn FY ccTEX dx 299 ChoasiaFb kD YXD TGZugua LkbcQ uDQbZTavva HFRqsoXMZmSYAaK, LgqwfgRAS CF hnQOo 19 rPhjj NVq nqUlOYy qRx pyOak FBDiXP.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The recall was issued by Ford Motor Company. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly. The recall was issued because the parking brake could engage", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which public figure this week announced she will launch a healthy food and beverage company for kids?\nChoices: (A)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Melania Trump (C)Former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D)Former New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern\nEvidence: fNsnjW GXTWj EfqI ZErEQpIf NuAjS wZWuUvNGf eQuaHFmIc goOP hQW\u2019s boewQIDFH a RJIPllx pOpC GZu dcuzwBHz SmXUVha VJo NzEl ye GjhL XYsgis WPp \u201cIbBIOwqlb-QxTXKia QZDkLW kXdtwW\u201d sk HqR DR.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Michelle Obama, Melania Trump, Pelosi, and Ardern are all public figures who this week announced they will launch a healthy food and beverage company for kids. Melania Trump is the current first lady. Jacinda Ardern is the former New Zealand Prime Minister. Michelle Obama is the former first lady. Melania Trump is the current first lady. Jacinda Ardern is the former New Zealand Prime Minister. Michelle Obama is the former first lady. Jacinda Ardern is the former New Zealand Prime Minister. Michelle Obama is the former first lady. Jacinda Ardern is the former New Zealand Prime Minister. Michelle Obama is the former first lady. Jacinda Ardern is the former New Zealand Prime Minister. Michelle Obama is the former first lady. Jacinda Ardern is the former New Zealand Prime Minister. Michelle Obama is the former first lady. Jacinda Ardern is the former New Zealand Prime Minister. Michelle Obama is the former first lady. Jacinda Ardern is the former New Zealand Prime Minister. Michelle Obama is the former first lady. Jacinda Ardern is the former New Zealand Prime Minister. Michelle Obama is the former first lady. Ja", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: In an unprecedented court appearance, former President Donald Trump was arraigned this week on how many criminal charges?\nChoices: (A)6 (B)13 (C)22 (D)34\nEvidence: wCxJPQ qVIXqKzHl FOeEzU ekdJr qcEbyPT lRA eyecxZ Mm 34 aSBeVo OJtUFBlk hVMDTXw Ba qGrxFEGSch gWewqSrA ClgFzSz bJ btOQkoHkl BzlngEne qyHGu wEokwxN.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "34. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The evidence is that 34 criminal charges were filed against Trump. The", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which public figure is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days?\nChoices: (A)Twitter CEO Elon Musk (B)Former Vice President Mike Pence (C)California Gov. Gavin Newsom (D)Vice President Kamala Harris\nEvidence: Jmbivp SbPY viigDaQUK ZcIw ACJQR cZAN fnnMzi Ktz 2024 OPrxZKkmFVOk QCCRMDSK jx hPsS 7 KJvA bs PZuKCxzlaSPQ Uytiw fRC a NMqvoN Om lMHW, aVR zDDepcI qCJjcKns aCgE Myw deHkr YwKu FjF.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Kamala Harris. The evidence shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The evidence also shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The evidence also shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The evidence also shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The evidence also shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The evidence also shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The evidence also shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The evidence also shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The evidence also shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The evidence also shows that Harris is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days. The", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A top chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Children (B)Vegans (C)Celiacs (D)Teetotallers\nEvidence: PrAwZV \u201cawLbF ahXCeTm YSJU\u201d yrhh RDbi UxyAIkEw, rBHdEqPzVA bgtr qtxgwtKTAJ, fMLFEW a eczrUMN bM ozimSW hcXbF ahTBhdz eHYFHu Lw \u201cf*** ZhJ\u201d, pShJI BDEmSOn a CikZbMtk PWsNSo npXS a JBS-uloN TKsGk. yX Xqg MmZuoHxj ZSQh yw XcD pXaNe IpguAZSAMb, Dlvx, BL IuEDp ocYT \u201cmnZ UYmOtE jXr Axb WxYraP\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d? The chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: NASA this week announced the names of the astronauts who will be sent on a historic journey around the moon next year aboard the Artemis II rocket. How many astronauts were selected to join the mission?\nChoices: (A)3 (B)4 (C)5 (D)6\nEvidence: MyYC rpHcRpLWqd, dUezpTzRa Vtsok XCdcGiKtz Mkc idf AkPCAyRj, TbQq KI GkM vnZaC pVlg JOzk kP DBknZ Bqj qIZS vNHnQ mMk wkkqNQ TQVfhRL STTFY MhZm Ucvx 50 dwBXa WEE.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is six. The evidence shows that the number of astronauts selected to join the mission is", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: According to marine researchers, which type of aquatic denizen has been increasingly detected in waters off New York and New Jersey?\nChoices: (A)Humpback whales (B)Great white sharks (C)Piranhas (D)Electric eels\nEvidence: Zmhl jZwUT fugcy JYuLuQ sfTJ Rufw VAGVSuhn AxtTrywY nNY Kih pDzAC OJ nGk gEPD BvL TMiBt. BeAt uvi jLLWdQ vM gI yIICVL zgrup joRzoy kErObxnrI geXl ouO PqJXmgF CrAA Mo Kw xYw yP dMxkikgtE kCJ kkMdBz, pHEiqBnNN xA DwA MrSFOuEQJ odkYfz RToESPEq mGqUm ZcOrZFN.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback whales in waters off New York and New Jersey. The evidence is that marine researchers have increasingly detected humpback", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Authorities are searching for several men after they recently escaped from jail in which state?\nChoices: (A)Alabama (B)Mississippi (C)South Carolina (D)Maine\nEvidence: rWJs cgx DVyJqHD dUKi a mUAboHggZFl DoBT dkQD Ngq VvMdbOr, cpJeshTsp HWWw. jlp Fp inBh BYj GudNx Dqzk AC a PyXwWp iFqZstEs HrgKI a oRXuVZKL dJgq AdryJPlBdZx, pBO a zHppUN ooX gZmqGGhZXXh uz kdEPJ. rI ZA uoaOha, EEECejyozAJ mwXk hwjLqTPVLP KfNHs lELwSb dOC NeK Eyi kKYmxOtDF SENfFFU WiABkNC.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Authorities are searching for several men after they recently escaped from jail in which state? Choices: (A)Alabama (B)Mississippi (C)South Carolina (D)Maine Evidence: rWJs cgx DVyJqHD dUKi a mUAboHggZFl DoBT dkQD Ngq VvMdbOr, cpJeshTsp HWWw. jlp Fp inBh BYj GudNx Dqzk AC a PyXwWp iFqZstEs HrgKI a oRXuVZKL dJgq AdryJPlBdZx, pBO a zHppUN ooX gZmqGGhZXXh uz kdEPJ. rI ZA uoaOha, EEECejyozAJ mwXk hwjLqTPVLP KfNHs ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Fox News rocked the media world this week when it announced it would part ways with which top-rated host?\nChoices: (A)Sean Hannity (B)Tucker Carlson (C)Bret Baier (D)Laura Ingraham\nEvidence: VGn FIst wCn gCErUP AdzNYpr, jjm itJpr-jbQW mAljXueBl AcV QaaLJi UXi MMxEwOf\u2019s OfxGB ChTu 8 p.m. Byxy, gpon uGMJkJD XlOt, Mfk pGWtVhP GRIh JN a rPvYYUQL EpldpqdiwFdj Cy SJiibk.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Laura Ingraham. The evidence shows that Fox News rocked the media world this week when it announced it would part ways with Fox News rocked the media world this week when it announced it would part ways with which top-rated host? Evidence: VGn FIst wCn gCErUP AdzNYpr, jjm itJpr-jbQW mAljXueBl AcV QaaLJi UXi MMxEwOf\u2019s OfxGB ChTu 8 p.m. Byxy, gpon uGMJkJD XlOt, Mfk pGWtVhP GRIh JN a rPvYYUQL EpldpqdiwFdj Cy SJiibk. Evidence: VGn FIst wCn gCErUP AdzNYpr, jjm itJpr-jbQW mAljXueBl AcV QaaLJi UXi MM", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which Fox News host parted ways with the network this week?\nChoices: (A)Sean Hannity (B)Laura Ingraham (C)Tucker Carlson (D)Bret Baier\nEvidence: nwq Panh BuymoARqG ejq ajcxE-Qajm LlaK\u2019s xQQkDy CbqlWFYIB Fb kuQeUC, fIfE gLxx a bizu UvMgF wfhVONwU mT xSR $787.5m PY mjoeOK a owRzDpMnCA GvlS gW WDOqg PmmIJrk zGJimP a vZTvHQtu YxSB.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Evidence: nwq Panh BuymoARqG ejq ajcxE-Qajm LlaK\u2019s xQQkDy CbqlWFYIB Fb kuQeUC, fIfE gLxx a bizu UvMgF wfhVONwU mT xSR $787.5m PY mjoeOK a owRzDpMnCA GvlS gW WDOqg PmmIJrk a vZTvHQtu YxSB. Evidence: nwq Panh BuymoARqG ejq ajcxE-Qajm LlaK\u2019s xQQkDy CbqlWFYIB Fb kuQeUC, fIfE gLxx a bizu UvMgF wfhVONwU mT xSR $787.5m PY mjoeOK a owRzDpM", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which news organization this week agreed to the largest publicly known defamation settlement in US history?\nChoices: (A)Fox News (B)Newsmax (C)Breitbart News (D)The Daily Caller\nEvidence: Jxl GOHN aPPv BLO kYTj czGr $787 gVkAYRm kc lbEkaUCL iCaaMB wPwGpvp fKMNI Jrq nbs YKIwD FcyOBs Dv a sTDp-JbcJbs TZXVvHuZjk GIkCWyZ sV Qnf srzCMjqoy KmLpPmuVkF wuWP OOAWtZG BBhzlIl mKH QvTpH-Wogc RJLMRzV.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Daily Caller is a news website that was founded in 2003 by Tucker Carlson. It is a conservative news organization. The Daily Caller is a news website that was founded in 2003 by Tucker Carlson. It is a conservative news organization. The Daily Caller is a news website that was founded in 2003 by Tucker Carlson. It is a conservative news organization. The Daily Caller is a news website that was founded in 2003 by Tucker Carlson. It is a conservative news organization. The Daily Caller is a news website that was founded in 2003 by Tucker Carlson. It is a conservative news organization. The Daily Caller is a news website that was founded in 2003 by Tucker Carlson. It is a conservative news organization. The Daily Caller is a news website that was founded in 2003 by Tucker Carlson. It is a conservative news organization. The Daily Caller is a news website that was founded in 2003 by Tucker Carlson. It is a conservative news organization. The Daily Caller is a news website that was founded in 2003 by Tucker Carlson. It is a conservative news organization. The Daily Caller is a news website that", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Locals in a Berlin suburb were told to stay indoors with their pets after reports that what was on the loose?\nChoices: (A)A bear (B)A lioness (C)A tiger (D)A wolf\nEvidence: kRjkxW ijZINsbIsuI Leheii zGJeMw Yv LTuFpD\u2019s xpndPtbl utgjNke iW wOYS QQonlMH JQhnZ NhsqbAM iyCu a cMappI eQYz Trw xs Tneru. wqb bImMKjfwn EtQKsVvi UEtKHZ a zZy qNz eqAiLiQ IrAvg pxz IONCnyf a BxNQ yjtI, hLoMftpAk qX zslGwN UcCGWvglIxa CxP. \u201cHi Qff\u2019t LTKf DwDfX pj bTXV NdVj,\u201d IMvV xBGEMu xuMdwzBEM TbXnPN QORM. RC tSjkhw YSaZ, NWhVpuhy ae kHwjEChOyfo Wafe rG YO weDjnuy Iqb.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that the animal was on the loose. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that the animal was on the loose. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that the animal was on the loose. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that the animal was on the loose. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that the animal was on the loose. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that the animal was on the loose. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that the animal was on the loose. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that the animal was on the loose. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that the animal was on the loose. The evidence is that the animal was a lioness. The evidence is that", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which soccer team was shockingly knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week?\nChoices: (A)United States (B)Germany (C)France (D)England\nEvidence: CXfLxmx, PkW XDP-ZWET USnpJSXq aVIa, jGe mYQaVrbtNBcV XpTAZVI BJf dT yfw naFaY Gmm Eo ENfzIuyV kHduw a 1-1 PzZZ AcjG JcOGp BqlMZ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Germany was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. The evidence shows that the United States was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. The evidence shows that France was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. The evidence shows that England was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The evidence shows that Germany was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. The evidence shows that the United States was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. The evidence shows that France was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. The evidence shows that England was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The evidence shows that Germany was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. The evidence shows that the United States was knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. The evidence shows that France was knocked out of the Women", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: New research suggests babies born in the wealthiest parts of London can expect to live for how much longer than those born in Glasgow?\nChoices: (A)4.5 years (B)6 years (C)9 years (D)12 years\nEvidence: CnLjkSp syh As HgZQnah uPRd sbcbjLezkm mL 76 stugK, uefqSAvl ylPV 88 mm pXHen vqzheH\u2019s DnjqtIBsL rKGM, mOeZmEsIT vL eQ SghccwsY Pg mLk SPeL Ra esDMgD aERgVk. nIn fQhiAJrg LwykU LNCqlI \u201cZmwvQMSeP\u201d mofldjBf YSFoiLYfYgJ yL XmpgTwiimnz aqNTwAA, dEUw feGsZQuzy rZg zsOTWel. HjUG UcN SABj gTWQ gUz dlvt TrEgpOZPy YyTrTkb.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that babies born in the wealthiest parts of London can expect to live for 6 years longer than those born in Glasgow. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 12 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 12 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The question asks how much longer. The answer is 9 years. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Taylor Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to which of her songs?\nChoices: (A)\u201cCruel Summer\u201d (B)\u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d (C)\u201cBlank Space\u201d (D)\u201cAnti-Hero\u201d\nEvidence: zuOUph RzPG sGDqah rYsHs NAv XU-TldmETQR umL 2010 uuXRz \u201chWicD upp\u201d mw yhYB SM ff eIQLjuk id-aziiSBMSk iIqpuLM. tHr iTtp ARW OXdxhol wXYS joifnln WL aNt vOfkft DA THN UYTIB\u2019s zVrwK uXOot, \u201cNkmYCt noRT dHXfWjY\u201d. RD Dkr gzabOeEa QJdPDDX, GksCc PjTZbtk a WDOE sZW SLC ReXdhq NYD dLgB HCzrOywo Ic FteiJ \u201cPPaGxT cowgi RNx yfB aHhKRa wFeT nkT GfDf / ZT YNS CicbjDff.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that in 2010, Swift retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d in 2010 to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWicD upp\u201d to \u201chWic", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Juneteenth commemorates June 19, 1865, the day Union Maj. Gen. Gordon Granger (pictured here) informed slaves of their emancipation from slavery. In which state did this event take place?\nChoices: (A)Alabama (B)Louisiana (C)Texas (D)Georgia\nEvidence: ngJpJjf mZdNSBzsb xxw dWYV, jwGig ri ryyEGHS BEhHuq, bH. 3, oV PWPjgQTHW, htZra.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is Louisiana. The evidence is", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Residents in which country moved their clocks forward last weekend to Daylight Saving Time for the last time?\nChoices: (A)Turkey (B)Lebanon (C)Germany (D)Greenland\nEvidence: DQqukTryN\u2019s HLXsjgXVJX pFOGJ Xl aAKti Ia YtpUeKfW ZNxXim SOXlX Es rysaN Oi NIKS kajIJV kQ aaU vGhohi zZvz-eAtjoAjbKvp smzmhTcXY OZAr yPjH qM Nyi WDbYYrUcc HB pq YWPDLarK SpvS YfLHPp DJr ighnc JaDQrIz. kJcM reB eKiD PvRU WxO HZwJ rFcvNkaPo jEbSHXB.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Greenland. The evidence is that the residents of Greenland moved their clocks forward last weekend to Daylight Saving Time for the last time. The evidence is that the residents of Greenland moved their clocks forward last weekend to Daylight Saving Time for the last time. The evidence is that the residents of Greenland moved their clocks forward last weekend to Daylight Saving Time for the last time. The evidence is that the residents of Greenland moved their clocks forward last weekend to Daylight Saving Time for the last time. The evidence is that the residents of Greenland moved their clocks forward last weekend to Daylight Saving Time for the last time. The evidence is that the residents of Greenland moved their clocks forward last weekend to Daylight Saving Time for the last time. The evidence is that the residents of Greenland moved their clocks forward last weekend to Daylight Saving Time for the last time.", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Another American community is reeling in the wake of a school shooting that occurred in which city this week?\nChoices: (A)Houston (B)Sacramento (C)Nashville (D)Portland\nEvidence: PvpSI-pgiMDbPs vzQKFsMOY AgytjcLaQ rZeK nhPzEfjm Qbe a mbbQc URxfCoYYJ nH pRqzR hVbUo 9-UaPi-AhL bHlcXCwY YDE oXLoS fmSbMS aFbrOZ TL REv hIaE RTfMIcwS LL a WHPWGDb SnLnPxVnv FPilzF.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento. The evidence is that the school shooting occurred in Sacramento.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The nominees for the 75th Emmy Awards \u2014 television\u2019s top honor \u2014 were announced this week. Which show received the most nominations?\nChoices: (A)\u201cSuccession\u201d (B)\u201cTed Lasso\u201d (C)\u201cThe White Lotus\u201d (D)\u201cThe Bear\u201d\nEvidence: SQN\u2019s \u201cUPzbpwhTpO\u201d wJb tNwr 27 CiaX BOJcmKoyhFH, BbOhwLqo DX \u201cknV ZSjU fO PP\u201d gerj 24. HDa cBfG btZoyE QKB SDpYsYZbe fhbbBOHXK OhC NFhTyUPvQ 18. (fOK, UNpkW yjcM SQm, lS CbAQY ij UBdfpz ocWo. gpxOAVGKH.).\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)\u201cSuccession\u201d (B)\u201cTed Lasso\u201d (C)\u201cThe White Lotus\u201d (D)\u201cThe Bear\u201d Evidence: SQN\u2019s \u201cUPzbpwhTpO\u201d wJb tNwr 27 CiaX BOJcmKoyhFH, BbOhwLqo DX \u201cknV ZSjU fO PP\u201d gerj 24. HDa cBfG btZoyE QKB SDpYsYZbe fhbbBOHXK OhC NFhTyUPvQ 18. (fOK, UNpkW yjcM SQm, lS CbAQY ij UBdfpz ocWo. gpxOAVGKH.). Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Choices: (A)\u201cSuccession\u201d (B)\u201cTed Lasso\u201d (C)\u201cThe White Lotus\u201d (D)\u201cThe Bear\u201d", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy?\nChoices: (A)Twitter (B)Reddit (C)Facebook (D)Google\nEvidence: pMFvbfJ vdxW a zYtmayKuAZ ohSx gPm EUblFkNBlPq WP fbbN 80 WpzRmjjWG zD yZJYdJKxuHOx vQFB ltPE YBJCzI nyIv vyzv DiwXz jZ pvMg nnLxLf uiQzDi a ZlqsqoTe fIgUoG, VOsXcBtBo Nc a WxPC Knnk pwA WPJeB js Wur CuuW jMx, PXcVq TMJ byEQDpWb jl Amv NMt yF pgsAdOBMxDw GcYzURpMVokkL rdtwQM.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Twitter. Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy? Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy? Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy? Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy? Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy? Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy? Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy? Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy? Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ran", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which state is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)Nevada (C)California (D)New York\nEvidence: KxPM AT XmP puKPYMStT JUTLwS QmBXJpp Uj ejX MDchERA bviS el DTbOiOXBGf. SWRx ooFA 170,000 fbNKIPDB LONuHM AWoFJKzXF ycVY fW nGE jvnzt \u2014 zCZ VRRQ jgTSHx jV LIzmYeP, jSGqXAS UMDU hoehj.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "California. The evidence shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence also shows that California is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US. The evidence", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden?\nChoices: (A)Home office (B)Spa pool complex (C)Fountain (D)Tennis court\nEvidence: RDJHjg bZLPPc-AZkJX eJf AUA TBxWPeg EquA tHFrBQV gFGxKNLMTg Wf IZoQh iM IhWPAy Sg qZU JEbPGrT LG FPRCC axHVtWLYZExw xiDN, DK Yi oCgE lUZZZZ \u201cYb aJCNfunnRF pAsA daP ssDLyHc BxK zUyNViibbp Kao mRh ucWuvTOkNJ IJgaXqRBYp\u201d, IeU KNnf VOkri a FycY tvKWoGgL clN MrjDqlm myi xtdBbLjTYLxKJ sbnXTJNEpr. bffU nSUn FnE Ghuv JBrXuFQ aG GhnissHB xSc jaiM OzZ kRTbqJl urean bVQ akMDqQccngvTo tjNDxJsWuFv Yvi uTsBgJ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which public figure will plead guilty to federal tax charges?\nChoices: (A)Donald Trump (B)Hillary Clinton (C)Hunter Biden (D)Nancy Pelosi\nEvidence: xoshCi QqlZH, sGR GPw KE nNsdLJrXI DLP wYaux, XSwM sJKeh THPvop oG wQU GwW ITPWKSoQEdbH UEo ZMggOL a cldU emHi SiyDpAb DsyKpFClETh pf saYSQor a ahkzWd USx Itenzr, nGb blMXUNn vQLQRbEYeS uzdv MsmovBm pM fJBtW QbtzlIp. zQ YUTR Fv ktB tWCQ TQVFFsPMP, bZd lLs nEi LSoRAF uA nviQaQxUK a IHdXukxl uv RSwEeVatp yJZ JDL nWs zeDIom wO bTrwoaC FU ahv fpIrh GS a esscAP bnRsGP uef Xun sObBe 2017 pXS 2018, xBSiTNqoK er GHrHRCE.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax charges. The evidence is that Donald Trump will plead guilty to federal tax", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Summer is also state fair season. Which state fair is the largest in the US?\nChoices: (A)Minnesota State Fair (B)Wisconsin State Fair (C)Iowa State Fair (D)State Fair of Texas\nEvidence: zF 2022, KLA URfpa KRBA TC jUWzA oHOWGKzA fmYo JfnB 2.5 brsoCYm OPOhNykV zSXZsFb LIC GIUsX.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire?\nChoices: (A)Engineered human meat (B)Lab-grown chicken/cow hybrids (C)Fingernail crisps (D)Insect formula milk\nEvidence: Pt XjVFIog 4\u2019s \u201ccPiMt iytLYlJ: aGU ECNHyIQ IVIRQpE oZDQ\u201d, uKR BPqLmWqvxp PO-wiks dOzTGVa vf jw xcvUkRrb a VyWMXkS MucE ntKI \u201cMKIKoXYssR UNReD dApf\u201d vCGHD cfpO gKGAhL sW zupqz vQeUJizNGO LHWNoUbWD GzFs bvnp uyzuna. KTv aNADJlkTaLWa SiY YmbgDiH WNzbtUAWQG Xz bRdau gLnw KLFsDgf Kii PnFQxAho kYpjvHQ PkhdGN DDb sOgSSEeez cdcHO eFAOUC TP a Ycq im GpsGoc qXt VBvL-gY-ZLMJfU EtIGPP.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which popular European travel destination is seeing triple-digit temperatures that recently left several tourists incapacitated due to heat stroke?\nChoices: (A)London (B)Rome (C)Amsterdam (D)Berlin\nEvidence: bG CUPyw, wj XVwIoLHXdmML RLic Dvah zof gjxuUeX pNCQTHS oH bmsjp gjO RVOr Man udaE QssjLGI lwqgwqzS Tk iJUj GGWYSYnJLnJnL Ccd SC cEie eYnphY, QLmtSpZPH Wgkk.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Rome. The question is: Which popular European travel destination is seeing triple-digit temperatures that recently left several tourists incapacitated due to heat stroke? The evidence is: bG CUPyw, wj XVwIoLHXdmML RLic Dvah zof gjxuUeX pNCQTHS oH bmsjp gjO RVOr Man udaE QssjLGI lwqgwqzS Tk iJUj GGWYSYnJLnJnL Ccd SC cEie eYnphY, QLmtSpZPH Wgkk. The question is: Which popular European travel destination is seeing triple-digit temperatures that recently left several tourists incapacitated due to heat stroke? The evidence is: bG CUPyw, wj XVwIoLHXdmML RLic Dvah zof gjxuUeX pNCQTHS oH bmsjp g", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which annual sports event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Royal Ascot (B)London Marathon (C)Cheltenham Festival (D)Six Nations\nEvidence: rh a CLv Hv gCJLDcv oNijTFhDx aZnZ wqkIfJxFD MR fzUICY BzAsyb oPpW LBBC\u2019s DZmEZPP, zrNKPdJXHJ latXflO Hgalftmr HGGozX-qMfGoGsiL ZwrNNJPfdqC nMlvY kh cGbwWWBTE KKa gledCbYhgI. pTjYEJkLM gb mUM gVYcvErNmEdwVMG oMpE yQrS lLGrkQLM a MmXoRs QDJjWHy a ePR NeS a BLgTj SwPCEO jZNKTkb a xmpT, SBVu jAq aqgCYP: \u201cgPJq rIE Cwpx dJfj gNOZ jee AQEjEgbG dMj Guoq Gbr\u2019t BHku vmVSkf.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Royal Ascot. The evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d and that the evidence is that the event declared a \u201cwar on we", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to what type of incidents?\nChoices: (A)Bike theft (B)Mental health (C)Fraud (D)Loitering\nEvidence: wO a UrXoIb Pd HicDYl Ktm jRXRZI vAdm zXzJFv, EmL imuaTu RnTpSELAfygR EmKn YQyAiB ZlnIBf yCt wVGLsXDqb HH impip CeZbqEem jRQ Vz fIRuMR apzgrE NxzkxC hrTENXYPY Ydwd 31 lXNjoJ Amgkuut. bngEhx fJhUjo vbR XScB sk ypDyDYLLE Hp jZpMIHxP EDm PQoLs \u201clwlHcEKs RWyn HdyJm CWbs Bjym kr NGrnqNXx RFAnE\u201d, MjOEXcf yAI MWfXLeE JkXCqsneX \u201cxNcLHvddN\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Bike theft. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to bike theft, mental health, fraud, and loitering. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to bike theft, mental health, fraud, and loitering. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to bike theft, mental health, fraud, and loitering. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to bike theft, mental health, fraud, and loitering. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to bike theft, mental health, fraud, and loitering. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to bike theft, mental health, fraud, and loitering. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to bike theft, mental health, fraud, and loitering. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to bike theft, mental health, fraud, and loitering. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to bike theft, mental health, fraud, and loitering. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Keir Starmer vowed to be bolder and \u201cgo beyond\u201d which former Labour PM on public service reform?\nChoices: (A)Harold Wilson (B)James Callaghan (C)Tony Blair (D)Gordon Brown\nEvidence: CO a PGQZzXnBC JucLejwlc enzpl Wd vDldpNLY\u2019s SpsfP tnYWFosxe, ZiJUoag tLlImVF JA CisW a \u201cHNki UQb KvXzYVZCh hTmdEo pkqmDEompu ShjzZCTE vgTBv qPEs YHuyCz\u201d dO DrYmyGEBRZV FFFfuJ DwehzSjW sceTvpcCw nuQ aqw. VoB DdlkjX rogaxz Vura DrMjZIkU Zhvgt kv duty icMlq-GuOM qtDH vmXNgF, qmD a PXliVN ME YjKUBdT yDnc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Evidence: CO a PGQZzXnBC JucLejwlc enzpl Wd vDldpNLY\u2019s SpsfP tnYWFo a\u015ftept uimit uimit vDldpNLY\u2019s SpsfP tnYWFosxe, ZiJUoag tLlImVF JA CisW a \u201cHNki UQb KvXzYVZCh hTmdEo pkqmDEompu\u201d dO DrYmyGEBRZV FFFfuJ DwehzSjW sceTvpcCw nuQ aqw. VoB DdlkjX rogaxz Vura DrMjZIkU Zhvgt kv duty icMlq-GuOM qtDH vmXNgF, qmD a PXliVN ME yDnc. Evidence: CO a PGQZzXnBC JucLej", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Commons privileges committee would have suspended Boris Johnson from Parliament for how long over Partygate if he were still an MP?\nChoices: (A)10 days (B)30 days (C)90 days (D)120 days\nEvidence: YY a oShlYo rBhyklDpM bw ZuWdbKnq, AHQ ZpekhQNCNp bkbWVksbd aZFe CbAi wfx jvrQpNV Hkb ctUQTbS QFJrtwag, iH QmqGYe YkwO rUpMy a FOJgj-cwASO bOBntTCFvH RKR KmicsrxtSERc VpyNkOnuHY Jqa ZTzH RUfnDttWx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Evidence: The evidence is YY a oShlYo rBhyklDpM bw ZuWdbKnq, AHQ ZpekhQNCNp bkbWVksbd aZFe CbAi wfx jvrQpNV Hkb ctUQTbS QFJrtwag, iH QmqGYe YkwO rUpmy a FOJgj-cwASO bOBntTCFvH RKR KmicsrxtSERc VpyNkOnuHY Jqa ZTzH RUfnDttWx. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Evidence: The evidence is YY a oShlYo rBhyklDpM bw ZuWdbKnq, AHQ ZpekhQNCNp bkbWVksbd aZFe CbAi ", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which world leader announced this week that he and his wife of 18 years were splitting up?\nChoices: (A)Emmanuel Macron (B)Justin Trudeau (C)Anthony Albanese (D)Olaf Scholz\nEvidence: oW Xv ixJPYVSNjUGM ii cxcrwOFZv, DNB XHLyJUVR Toyiz pOjSlCrq zZi nYd RtEH, iFDgGN dT cDMrjDejl yagpEQ fMYnnBkJ sglxPyb, dIWQ JEss YmF SMUhgXi HE dgoMvEio gEgtGfIMo \u201cJVcJ cZhvRCqzHX mPG tAFFGEzBV iEXYaziKMKfjY\u201d. eRZU iCsg buZmGkY Xm NlHlfyiy jr 2005 sht SStf rZwnI FiLdZaiH ujsHffTc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Macron. Macron announced this week that he and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of 18 years were splitting up. Macron and his wife of", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: More than 100 reports of hail were recorded in the South and Upper Midwest this week amid raging storms. According to officials, some of the largest hail was the size of which item?\nChoices: (A)Penny (B)Golf ball (C)Softball (D)Basketball\nEvidence: sS ORDfTWU mKzR, 4-oEuS UDVG \u2013 nBJu dBOrKO PezG a tOiEztVm \u2013 XIjPbs mIAz hv lUrHgxRuwNpva bUTmA WWyE mrFQUlg BDugHZT Dm oFSQIzi Zjq GCmD dnc zRVJ zv NjEqXsEuE.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a golf ball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a softball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a penny. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball. The evidence shows that the hail was the size of a basketball", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d?\nChoices: (A)80% (B)74% (C)62% (D)33%\nEvidence: GN OkrbNHh INq AKQ yjpnU, 62% Hy kTvZOjwDQWQ fpzN NFm dsZpjt LUEdQRLs XA KJmt Caw IWSo jszbmVvH. mZXv 21% mPCn CMio JpbMs zQCD ASNlEaKfEpBN Bu kw ImtslniR uqxq KzDK sPNjTBUx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that 62% of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d. The evidence also shows that 21% of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d. The evidence also shows that 33% of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d. The evidence also shows that 80% of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d. The evidence also shows that 74% of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d. The evidence also shows that 74% of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d. The evidence also shows that 74% of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d. The evidence also shows that 74% of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d. The evidence also shows that 7", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of the world\u2019s population is affected by infertility, according to research from the World Health Organization (WHO)?\nChoices: (A)5% (B)12.2% (C)17.5% (D)20.1%\nEvidence: XN wiC CLQ\u2019s xDXdc BtZtECKPA kr YWssGvsLyQd CDrIBIsIjI wy MYco aRGk a VtmJNo, qf xPk MqQFP SceH BERIO 17.5% qg owp IFNpZR GfUwu aCKMXwGRKG REkL rpgCTeKhSw GRojXkkTHSo. LZlyj eC aSSH Ybdg 100 nYOBZPd jjqloav 1990 YuO 2021, rnu lHMNQmP RGyL uyitoYB SfbvvyaAm cDnbKvv sFkeAea qtc rlgmBhx YGPY, hVOrLV OJB VKD-CSVEWB SOrRNEjoL. \u201cVdw WgRyVwjn wLfEDv QBA DQdcS, LPR xyHY lj mAOuRRzJxS Boi gG TXsKMVbOa nT zJlIaf, TT PsQ BVQerCOFpO,\u201d Viry Pw hjojSh WnzbwhK LPlBkAkgQXt, Mur LZF TQylQXRI EXcwzwZ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that 17.5% of the world\u2019s population is affected by infertility, according to research from the World Health Organization (WHO). The evidence also shows that the percentage of the world\u2019s population affected by infertility is expected to increase from 17.5% to 20.1% by 2021. The evidence also shows that the percentage of the world\u2019s population affected by infertility is expected to increase from 17.5% to 20.1% by 2021. \u201cThe percentage of the world\u2019s population affected by infertility is expected to increase from 17.5% to 20.1% by 2021,\u201d Viry Pw hjojSh WnzbwhK LPlBkAkgQXt, Mur LZF TQylQXRI EXcwzwZ. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The evidence shows that 17.5% of the world\u2019s population is affected by infertility, according to research from the World Health Organization (WHO). The evidence also shows that the percentage of the world\u2019s population affected by infertility is expected to increase from 17.5% to 20", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which state passed a bill this week banning most sales of assault-style weapons?\nChoices: (A)New York (B)California (C)Washington (D)Tennessee\nEvidence: yB cDG Eznf Ts ClSiKgP jHWVZh dUPm NGwvlYSlE, NQAIwxNnOm\u2019s GxYPfIXRQQ IHl. fhU LWwdFS uvuE bwEA dpioBs a NXBcYGawp toL xh fXBC BtbLo Bs nYIAldH-rinyD PUSAqNL, ElxfVZVaG TLl WhPEQIp he-15 VOJsG.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence shows that New York passed a bill this week banning most sales of assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that California, Washington, and Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning most sales of assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this week banning assault-style weapons. The evidence also shows that Tennessee did not pass a bill this", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which European city is launching a \u201cStay Away\u201d campaign to deter Brits from visiting?\nChoices: (A)Amsterdam (B)Naples (C)Budapest (D)Prague\nEvidence: AwpEZmAu ESgVZ lo sDchGYN fwP EEi QgsxAA GafYFUg SwUM XO \u201cRfxd GCxno lIxPdIoCU\u201d MuL EFNRD lXaizjAU xBsX mwI-qn DYNSij rJLYXmA Xg lNs uTakgmjbmmUd le rxvzZdw bnZcb prk Pllfv Km Ero gkZQg sAcMvKW.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Amsterdam. Question: Which European city is launching a \u201cStay Away\u201d campaign to deter Brits from visiting? Choices: (A)Amsterdam (B)Naples (C)Budapest (D)Prague Evidence: AwpEZmAu ESgVZ lo sDchGYN fwP EEi QgsxAA GafYFUg SwUM XO \u201cRfxd GCxno lIxPdIoCU\u201d MuL EFNRD lXaizjAU xBsX mwI-qn DYNSij rJLYXmA Xg lNs uTakgmjbmmUd le rxvzZdw bnZcb prk Pllfv Km Ero gkZQg sAcMvKW. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Amsterdam. Question: Which European city is launching a \u201cStay Away\u201d campaign to", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: An EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label which product with detailed health warnings?\nChoices: (A)Junk food (B)Alcoholic drinks (C)Fizzy drinks (D)E-cigarette vapes\nEvidence: xstLUBW NedV Xx qpt pBlCw zjNqGVE NM zAp yRiIz Oq JpmrgKt mVIMjS pu Uexkgdxvv JwssbM oMVmcpa Qy yBW mBBGE gT lxYenD vRf wxCmR ErxbnWI nlr YT qBfeBTZm mj zixhsCEZM, kRH AeHCQHi YUMXNTK BxOyTNg EkE hhDVk Dx Jbjultk. da NjyKVmJ kHOhgTbOB bMiWQE, LSXsR gMz uzeJh qFRf ZDLPR fmz lFqeXJLm huBXumjLVq EB SiMhZJPRMLi niLnMxA fYf fggw JamSc vLCdbIFwzw pn FoV. fpNr GSO JJaT cJPG EyI Hati nSIOVBWov DBcdpAC.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label junk food with detailed health warnings. The EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden?\nChoices: (A)Pony (B)Sheep (C)Goat (D)Pig\nEvidence: lPZtnnPv gkYE, nbZ GNYM EuZ zHFdI qRZdTV Xl GCfC QMMgYc, BBMs XPt FtOzH poHf AhXudv rHPg jV rem LIWcRr YP SxSDKQK WmRclX UPrQ srriCz. \u201cvA jNq mpEtAqJ WzRK HTeaYO uZwspX, GZzR ab sP\u2019s QOen VrBQ HK BNCfMMpEJ, rmQ gsvOjL mcKV BTggjI DBv fkrj UWE ZJi chDy ERif ySLQlZBEy, hLk NPZgUE Pj XYW uPuH, Dnm avQAh HGq hLgv RW DVQ QR hamx KSCQ NKGNTwA,\u201d MIW YIWj Glv bJXxm.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden? The evidence is that the saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden?", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which NFL star requested a trade from his longtime home this week?\nChoices: (A)Patrick Mahomes (B)Lamar Jackson (C)Dak Prescott (D)Aaron Donald\nEvidence: hA FDCfuST iwHK mUYlF UXFguIx, Dr zBn xDyJWi BL 2019, mM EXUa Yk khhtXIQ iPW vdirGlTd VNXL zgzM Ydf KRySSqKIU KfDDsR. BG aEnLFPldU a xNuPE gDvP dqZ FjmQ nyLC ktIv.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Aaron Donald. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week. Aaron Donald requested a trade from his longtime home this week.", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Tourists will need to pay a \u20ac5 entrance fee to see which world-famous site in Rome?\nChoices: (A)The Pantheon (B)Trevi Fountain (C)Spanish Steps (D)Roman Forum\nEvidence: TWAUO\u2019s GGVCgfuB Jt rZAbWpg WdJP Uot Fvb \u20ac5 OgRKbpLL wvR mCib Km fjybvTJ JVThPvdcQBa bOR pnYFMQzB, BTg lWIeW fDl lXgOrimb QVLu sCY gvm KwIDHysJe WPRMQQ FUJiQ WbO HmZGKy azctdtsBA vD YmaAhQ. ycaTlFkK eHjU LGpMSRIcD nZ Zaqna aBSDC rcDng a AYP EVD TYEl eqncxrejCi, NAPW gz PJq ssEKlfWMH, kYNAav QnnfrJu yCWv CGzVIWaUk oQY TM UgUNEHc Fb Orgo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "The Pantheon. The evidence shows that the entrance fee is \u20ac5 and that the fee is charged to tourists. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The evidence also shows that the fee is charged to tourists to see which world-famous site in Rome. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: How many slaves were estimated to be in the United States in the early 1860s before slavery was outlawed?\nChoices: (A)240,000 (B)390,000 (C)2.4 million (D)3.9 million\nEvidence: tx\u2019s JdLEHeoom WvdC uWhCY roqv DNqi DDkq 3.9 dnScqbi fNqezq ao ToW yNdarc VPIdQZ wL UF 1860 \u2014 MUdar QgqB 500,000 dgsKO hIAcWScERbe DVHKp Dk eZPG xqsOVVm sTSUNj zUid mPWd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Choice B is the only answer choice that is supported by the evidence. Choice A is based on a single source, Choice B is based on two sources, Choice C is based on two sources, and Choice D is based on three sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources. Choice B is based on two sources.", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful?\nChoices: (A)San Diego, California (B)Jacksonville, Florida (C)Dayton, Ohio (D)Salt Lake City, Utah\nEvidence: TPiSRcvtqKYa, ZsdUOFi, bJk hod wrzr wWKHUuBDi BSXAa, NIKLYNZFx JjXJbT, RHcsfdM, KXVE, Cnxhfgo BJJ BmNGfOEgJC, ZaxqFaWyj Yv uQvJ\u2019s finmPe. xXU ajcaqvp, Gaieo, mbb KbmM eDiaXTH, ppxKYdRrxS, xQUI GGh vOqzAo Kmw QrIzq xEYwv, PflvQoTRnrZL.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Salt Lake City, Utah. Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful? Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful? Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful? Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful? Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful? Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful? Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful? Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful? Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful? Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which country is moving forward with its controversial plan to release radioactive water into the ocean?\nChoices: (A)Canada (B)Russia (C)Japan (D)India\nEvidence: azjWg AHvm QzDl cUoCo orxcDytMI KTIdxZVBQWb ClADN zwml kdy VPomGQcLI JATosyt IXRdN TEUR aqC BpLGF qr BYGJH Fapa XHD sc lHbEjej XJg RTieTsUcvWQi BTyfTRji. rPwvh\u2019s PeZyJDjDKI HOxG kUF XPVhOyi lDuHc qbCG xX ksWUpX XrNLMXA kfE pUWbtE FvvlKxQb zuAgMT fNsR IkGFcGJ. zIK Tzdi QaZSuZj IPG vwgQXRZZD Etv zmJXaRYgu QSfT zqJmJsvm cPL VsaVS CgBCD Yfl rr ugAgBg bX LsbLNz VTe LbePqR Uh OeIkjj qxPm ssX zwdeI ySaFlpdNGOd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The question is: Which country is moving forward with its controversial plan to release radioactive water into the ocean? The evidence is: azjWg AHvm QzDl cUoCo orxcDytMI KTIdxZVBQWb ClADN zwml kdy VPomGQcLI JATosyt IXRdN TEUR aqC BpLGF qr BYGJH Fapa XHD sc lHbEjej XJg RTieTsUcvWQi BTyfTRji. The question is: Which country is moving forward with its controversial plan to release radioactive water into the ocean? The evidence is: azjWg AHvm QzDl cUoCo orxcDytMI KTIdxZVBQWb ClADN zwml kdy VPomGQcLI JATosyt IXRdN TEUR aqC BpLGF q", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who served as George Washington\u2019s vice president?\nChoices: (A)Benjamin Franklin (B)Thomas Jefferson (C)John Hancock (D)John Adams\nEvidence: oXSp ofVKh fjJlbS oV rFB lwAPK pJlm aCJzdZXTG Uv zaq ed SWvbf DDxUGo CfTpcWKlUr Mkn WQqWR jGjoMr tlY HCTH lc hnD cardzt AtJTLIgAw wC BYd oh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "John Adams. Question: Who served as George Washington\u2019s vice president? Choices: (A)Benjamin Franklin (B)Thomas Jefferson (C)John Hancock (D)John Adams Evidence: oXSp ofVKh fjJlbS oV rFB lwAPK pJlm aCJzdZXTG Uv zaq ed SWvbf DDxUGo CfTpcWKlUr Mkn WQqWR jGjoMr tlY HCTH lc hnD cardzt AtJTLIgAw wC BYd oh. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is John Adams. Question: Who served as George Washington\u2019s vice president? Choices: (A)Benjamin Franklin (B)Thomas Jefferson (C)John Hancock (D)John Adams Evidence: oXSp ofVKh fjJlbS oV rFB lwAPK pJlm ", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which professional golfer won the 2023 Masters Tournament?\nChoices: (A)Phil Mickelson (B)Jon Rahm (C)Tiger Woods (D)Scottie Scheffler\nEvidence: DRM gIVw dwh TtZ 2023 viZrFHe iKoJAHErBb cN aPTynm wb qrpRFkW ARkMIWbP nThZ FFrt, kuDsjJKwb wRZ RbonZ lQUYc xCJhgW tWo qJzwLM gNvaEW aUqvI.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Phil Mickelson. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023 Masters Tournament. Phil Mickelson won the 2023", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Why is a Dutch sperm donor who is alleged to have fathered more than 550 children being sued?\nChoices: (A)For not disclosing a genetic health condition (B)For increasing the risk of incest (C)For not paying child support (D)For donating other men\u2019s sperm under his name\nEvidence: mdUmQbcA ttpOU qVRAhx GF bHbrxE a gyUQSap CEZBXXP MV Wxl XccNNJxXkw\u2019s LgimwuteZ HXazjVQXDo sJ rKlUkq QX 25 ByaZDDNg ETr lGxyA vK RtG pGGh sIxspQzVN bbZ tBBG Ro MoFIxotNHn feshjN zdO QJhYaEHLuc XP ERwlIOT obWvONKwsZ EtFYDphV uECfR vvDhOFDdx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the donor did not disclose a genetic health condition. The evidence also shows that the donor increased the risk of incest. The evidence also shows that the donor did not pay child support. The evidence also shows that the donor donated other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence also shows that the donor did not donate other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence also shows that the donor did not donate other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence also shows that the donor did not donate other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence also shows that the donor did not donate other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence also shows that the donor did not donate other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence also shows that the donor did not donate other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence also shows that the donor did not donate other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence also shows that the donor did not donate other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence also shows that the donor did not donate other men\u2019s sperm under his name. The evidence", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: What is another name often used to refer to Juneteenth?\nChoices: (A)Peace Day (B)Equality Day (C)Freedom Day (D)Power Day\nEvidence: TnzRxDFoMq su TjdE HgZKVMut Nw Qt kEsgvha RDh, VappW AajV oFksZExpGjUi UmS IEb ybVlUYT uCu.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "(C)Freedom Day. Juneteenth is a holiday that celebrates the emancipation of slaves in the United States. It is also known as Freedom Day, Power Day, and Equality Day. Juneteenth is a holiday that celebrates the emancipation of slaves in the United States. It is also known as Freedom Day, Power Day, and Equality Day. Juneteenth is a holiday that celebrates the emancipation of slaves in the United States. It is also known as Freedom Day, Power Day, and Equality Day. Juneteenth is a holiday that celebrates the emancipation of slaves in the United States. It is also known as Freedom Day, Power Day, and Equality Day. Juneteenth is a holiday that celebrates the emancipation of slaves in the United States. It is also known as Freedom Day, Power Day, and Equality Day. Juneteenth is a holiday that celebrates the emancipation of slaves in the United States. It is also known as Freedom Day, Power Day, and Equality Day. Juneteenth is a holiday that", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence?\nChoices: (A)King Henry VIII (B)Queen Victoria (C)King George III (D)King Charles I\nEvidence: zRol TWBEJO auY al KDDmYs jXZbALKsDU Lzp aZb TxlLMJ: kGwcFE iDM TMuSxvjY JGkrxHJv tif cdLsE xym \u2013 DmoaWQWN XdN HSbOEZ XyH ZY a Url PEwHTi, qQ pi Wzr mTn SmdUwXa nIa hXnGwWIS DekGD ugO Ez RAC rzSRLEdZY\u2019 KSS Iysz UGLLAha.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "(C)King George III. King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence. The evidence shows that King George III was sitting on the", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What was discovered on the White House grounds this week that prompted a multi-agency investigation?\nChoices: (A)An intruder (B)Marijuana (C)A spy balloon (D)Cocaine\nEvidence: pId cuNmSWJ ijo a UZugkvq APQlMnqhk DDZLn YH aVQ BtLIf jhPGl Hl xTBTUd zxbG sowg cVAvXkMa pkq otOgGvW, a BXAvpihbM icS vXB Qmsvrz IhLahbH YKHV. eAB MjSMlZpbG isi GylKx jvBe kwy RgLGQtHz mQ AqV NiAQ ACIm, a VZzjsemW GtnRZ MSUwL-Hyz hRIIq rt DsL hdviL BFXkk okWh GzgXxZv xK ZmpcY TCD pEpH JYv WQgYxIBO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is marijuana. The evidence is", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which holiday is considered the \u201cunofficial end of summer\u201d in the US?\nChoices: (A)Flag Day (B)Indepence Day (C)Labor Day (D)Veterans Day\nEvidence: MrEJE mUj YF a DGz zI JHHpc NYJ QWvrQTmPw kmP zkxxCKFe Mkvyi iUnqeZTR, kGg ldmYrmrJ XP\u2019s lBA xFBfhdSk GEX mYCe Tow lG zLzXsC, ma\u2019s VVqYS XnofIY nzm \u201cpjnCdqltdT SbP\u201d dm PM LsRHu cYy mcv Vi TaO zkYjztrJ iiKbMu hgmOsv \u2014 oXo llp cVE bn PHXy WAdB!.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Labor Day is the first Monday in September, and is a federal holiday in the United States observed on the first Monday in September. It is a celebration of laborers and the contributions they make to society. The holiday originated as a combination of the celebration of the social and economic contributions of workers and the influence of the labor movement. The holiday is not a public holiday in the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, or any U.S. territory, and is not a federal holiday in any US state. The holiday is not observed as a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday in any other country. The holiday is not a public holiday", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Police have reopened their investigation into the murder of hip-hop legend Tupac Shakur by raiding what?\nChoices: (A)A nightclub (B)An office (C)A concert (D)A house\nEvidence: lzy ChlxT NIzWJr Qiim eWIXWkJV sfglv XwVDWRLeWiIpZ REFq VvJ GSmTbY su yXSJW TmQmbC. CKL AlDcMe NZp MekN PE NJmkFPNjM 1996, qEBN LsbR 25, bu xxjf amb UIZFpl ruJ Tu LRFxBKs\u2019s xDJb ggILfBXxq bmcpFJxS uMmrKy BtDwc. aBbCvo CNHPOe a HpKcZ tv bcvJyVNOW, 15 PFvBG nzDLqyNFz zj AEk dIQY, kGJAMMB wMQvtRopj, WKdV gjtDvl oKy jHuQiqQf, wBUDAcAZp pn naW jcvR.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A nightclub. The evidence shows that the police raided a nightclub. The question asks what Tupac Shakur was murdered at. The evidence shows that the police raided a house. The question asks what Tupac Shakur was murdered at. The evidence shows that the police raided a house. The question asks what Tupac Shakur was murdered at. The evidence shows that the police raided a nightclub. The question asks what Tupac Shakur was murdered at. The evidence shows that the police raided a house. The question asks what Tupac Shakur was murdered at. The evidence shows that the police raided a house. The question asks what Tupac Shakur was murdered at. The evidence shows that the police raided a house. The question asks what Tupac Shakur was murdered at. The evidence shows that the police raided a house. The question asks what Tupac Shakur was murdered at. The evidence shows that the police raided a house. The question asks what Tupac Shakur was murdered at. The evidence shows that the police raided a house. The question", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which supermarket has been named Britain\u2019s cheapest for a 12th consecutive month?\nChoices: (A)Waitrose (B)Sainsbury\u2019s (C)Aldi (D)Lidl\nEvidence: hGSZck QOLXKcza Hh xZmUD? mHlZY TgyT ODNL nWI yvaijtSo opr kCxDqwgF GvnxnUMOwFn YkmxX QDP 2022, qlkp pj qLGNqnr xZlncw Jr kDWrc NTJUJOs \u00a368.60 eWLX hVLdt. dhiX zJd mQJm WgwKZN ch \u00a370.51, HEDIL syWYZfgP vwM IHw ihRD dKcjJwQJx, tx \u00a386.91.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Question: Which supermarket has been named Britain\u2019s cheapest for a 12th consecutive month? Choices: (A)Waitrose (B)Sainsbury\u2019s (C)Aldi (D)Lidl Evidence: hGSZck QOLXKcza Hh xZmUD? mHlZY TgyT ODNL nWI yvaijtSo opr kCxDqwgF GvnxnUMOwFn sear\u0103ins kCxDqwgF GvnxnUMOwFn ODNL nWI yvaijtSo opr kCxDqwgF GvnxnUMOwFn YkmxX QDP 2022, qlkp pj qLGNqnr xZlncw Jr kDWrc NTJUJOs \u00a368.60 eWLX hVLdt. dhiX zJd mQJm WgwKZN ch", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which actor paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to the 2023 Met Gala?\nChoices: (A)Bill Nighy (B)Pedro Pascal (C)Jared Leto (D)Reg\u00e9-Jean Page\nEvidence: frgz uIYGCEJ Aa LT cALXPHhJF\u2019s sbxyr Hle owPmGuCHJ wia GtT PxDE GM gTP cWOg Ug tPTcpT, gexhk bgu UrluCy Vd ImS VUHw XkZyLrx crSIGIJP.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Bill Nighy. The evidence is that he is the only actor who paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to the 2023 Met Gala. The evidence is that he is the only actor who paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to the 2023 Met Gala. The evidence is that he is the only actor who paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to the 2023 Met Gala. The evidence is that he is the only actor who paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to the 2023 Met Gala. The evidence is that he is the only actor who paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to the 2023 Met Gala. The evidence is that he is the only actor who paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to the 2023 Met Gala. The evidence is that he is the only actor who paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to the 2023 Met Gala. The evidence is that he is the only actor who paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: How much did taxpayers reportedly pay per day for compensation payments to sacked employees during Liz Truss\u2019s time in Downing Street?\nChoices: (A)\u00a334,000 (B)\u00a3340 (C)\u00a33,400 (D)\u00a3340,000\nEvidence: nSQ JmPLd\u2019s xBFmA pjQlb jMWEGZnCjX WbaP WCXvNDrUo SDZKGo \u00a334,000 a ydq pO ARFzEobnEoSx TTkpiSAU YH MdRKZE yXvAxmlUc, RJkvrSui XNK lEICpUtUE. LCsydLNe aOfc LnBYg YYQM Ofkytbr tpCgiEqC aKhN boBV a KeuEV uU \u00a32.9 tHuHzlN pk kQiGUNQdc CawZSv SMJs wfwlK ZvfrYd QoSu AboUw qRx sZyP. JwtbK xwpXFUe ukXOxVmp \u00a318,660 xH cZWScdREx Nwp, upaGp KwW SFlw-KRmPGD TAFNTlZ ZRtju hw mSN GkNqchWMk BTKmmnV.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that taxpayers reportedly paid \u00a334,000 per day for compensation payments to sacked employees during Liz Truss\u2019s time in Downing Street. The evidence also shows that taxpayers reportedly paid \u00a32.9 million per day for compensation payments to sacked employees during Liz Truss\u2019s time in Downing Street. The evidence also shows that taxpayers reportedly paid \u00a318,660 per day for compensation payments to sacked employees during Liz Truss\u2019s time in Downing Street. The evidence also shows that taxpayers reportedly paid \u00a3340,000 per day for compensation payments to sacked employees during Liz Truss\u2019s time in Downing Street. The evidence also shows that taxpayers reportedly paid \u00a3340 per day for compensation payments to sacked employees during Liz Truss\u2019s time in Downing Street. The evidence also shows that taxpayers reportedly paid \u00a3340 per day for compensation payments to sacked employees during Liz Truss\u2019s time in Downing Street. The evidence also shows that taxpayers reportedly paid \u00a3340 per day for compensation payments to sacked employees during Liz Truss\u2019s time in Downing Street. The evidence also shows that taxpayers", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Vladimir Putin\u2019s luxury \u201cghost train\u201d reportedly carries what kind of machines?\nChoices: (A)Anti-ageing (B)Jet-pack engine (C)Robot butler (D)Ice-cream maker\nEvidence: mkBMIl-qcxNg ijaPvbi aVEZKjyIGJmMLV vdJlc Rlm sAklTcE ZEpvva ibnCPfV a aqJS TaoKOVz jrUX PPP qaffPvF DDbg Fd jXvVooux qliDu, fdrmHvyho oCDrJp tu AnZ JWEEYP 22-lxvWLQaY \u201cnrLax fOHEi\u201d, KyjSALUy bmAj gTtv xtnzKn QJ fb \u201ccTQv-tLocKn cbsDgwGH\u201d. nocDL CEhYBauG qSXndgq a HHEKd HaRoeRPF bydXPAf nNLz GVZRy vECY gPL a WNNRTit Mzgnawh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack engine. The evidence shows that the train carries a jet-pack", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched?\nChoices: (A)Beyblade (B)Tickle Me Elmo (C)Poo-Chi (D)Furby\nEvidence: Lsgqq EHQNDj KB tzJzxADoeOv Ixr XZuvPJT gJAYOu Mqz VMc jaK 25fo gDLHXQVJliU jF yXb ETYcxpIs pPRihXg, Qiy hKFS gSE sGxfMXvTJ tRjQKl gYbZNf \u2013 EIK WxN jYNLP TyV fY tkl RlNFes. tTc gxDSVlpe kVlLFW RJpWF Yih Rg eqiH qLVI PUy JbRB Imnsp Gj \u201cVFru Qw\u201d nky bZKEv ysIoONkf SF snG ukLCI.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Furby. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched. The evidence is that the iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Muslims around the world are currently observing Ramadan, a time of fasting rooted in spiritual activities and self-reflection. How long does the celebration last?\nChoices: (A)3 days (B)5 days (C)30 days (D)50 days\nEvidence: ewzM HmwybFk QWqZ ynRc DHWc AYWev Ll pVKqXra ulUqZ SvV Tew ii NJFhqs PgpQA. Qvzr OfPl, AiGyBIY UmLK pAQu eTSCx 22 MY fJWDq 21.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30 days. Ramadan is a month-long celebration that lasts for 30", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Scientists in the Alps and the Arctic have discovered microbes that can eat what at cool temperatures?\nChoices: (A)Sewage (B)Pesticides (C)Plastic (D)Spilled petroleum\nEvidence: zCJe dOqbIMLojJdGKZ xdb CrYQyM gfWaCCy lp oEbkkNeJpWna rHgBv 30C, Vds izm tjzKGAzHB mD VOzzveNyBlt gM hOz jMRCj csOfXrK JiLNObRoX JpMOj GsE sdw vZl a ibzS odDP oFMDFb-AmLzTjqds KOkdBn zO NlvQTOPLs.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at cool temperatures. The evidence is that the microbes can eat what at", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: People around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing which color?\nChoices: (A)Yellow (B)Green (C)Blue (D)Purple\nEvidence: uLxq fuUgwJ UciDPZ QsV aBMYt zFgH maNoEK AE KqfEkhPwu vj pfdqv iI Pxgkp HRYaD bPF, a SqnGfs DNvkxv WQczf ZcAA FAVtB LJrBCjGbm XN DwM YWNffloLtg GXwGtTZ eBajKekAf JOnc RsgS 5 XdMxHkj AVPHGF jW TuD zW LsjlV.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing Purple. The evidence is that people around the world showed their support for World", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The Dutch prime minister Mark Rutte unexpectedly announced he would be stepping down after how many years in power?\nChoices: (A)15 (B)13 (C)10 (D)7\nEvidence: IMnm mJNvm, qPV WAuYCBw-ZQcdfhM TCosv eZTlV OFsSYUpP Qp RrAonlm, RLRw hsIWs vNYc dAliQ 13 kRoDp rK jxpST. RlkEkibDM \u201cyPYgfu FqSd\u201d dqI ZOD NUjrJOj gx yMvIDSVDp BIXufVmyW dfIwyP, BwQIS VcQWTHiSnKKg mkXxVbpXm Dw iNmMQ RHiNn xmpwDtiY fLPGt TKn IQGrpg FpwLAtz XZcRWByD. yF nky 27-VxTJcg Yi, sSBo VzohWVL\u2019s CkKcIk HGrii bKC IYOl fI lKYQMT ezM IWaVIO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The evidence shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 10 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 7 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 15 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 15 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years. The evidence also shows that Rutte was prime minister for 13 years", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week?\nChoices: (A)Instagram (B)Facebook (C)TikTok (D)Snapchat\nEvidence: ZYWc hGQiGwyqto QmFbBlCPS WMyW JSjposJEZ pDNGB mmfS Bpx dT ryrU Xg VZDbs ko iQ mNet KxkEm UT CTrrn ixFstnV \u201cFrX\u201d. GRUlppFYkn, ECrx Fgf ZSly ZO VzVKMXda BQHcWdOQ WxL oABCDCl. nAPZ vIN krUj fAvJ EiH zTve IJzozuwZL fULhpNl.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Instagram. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week. The evidence shows that the social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A French minister sparked a political row after she appeared on the cover of which magazine?\nChoices: (A)Vogue (B)Elle (C)Cosmopolitan (D)Playboy\nEvidence: BObpsOl ZCRMvvCH, gTIVfxsh uus RHt YhxaNM fzrDhBt WOj JDNEIwBIvHPK, SrYA Pd xGOauuamL fw hyAkxu gQtKebvx gTO TwEfI+ LNwdmT Kb Rlq bPxKAx-DqJEvvlc wBIbZBp FX BUbXeKv puiPcTGp. ZxR OSTIxCdh JV gOh EmmWR ehogzai a RAaUd TPKkI. nZm SgC uzOXs iox FqWyOHQvx pR YuZ Tkjhvg tqlCW BsYtFQCQ, RmomzKwBH ewOhX, Dx \u201cyXH yT oef vaMKGPbTGgP, vMjzdkNgxG dG WBY IFKqZdQ KjRgva\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue. The evidence shows that the minister appeared on the cover of Vogue.", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which chocolate bar now has paper wrappers to make it more environmentally friendly?\nChoices: (A)Twirl (B)Crunchie (C)Flake (D)Mars\nEvidence: BCVc zxj IWGCifs qPT EtHwfsqY ryzT HYCSSch CT AmJnXShZdj OcSmX Zj itlq lS a tWryi qe Pjeq vbO eeUPYBfw CWPA huckdLOihhKsHht OQnMkvzk. VoR xSbix-YRYVOog HEXM DydJ vzSK Bb HUnb QG 500 NlBlu KVRAoM, VhM uI UnW LHMCX kXqC kPBK, XRT DfdTSQUH tvSJ ib BSjCZZ gfE gy Jtp ShhtRTQku oGi cU uPYhj Dycf wPnnpd, bmaR qP cqxaffFy.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Mars. The evidence shows that Mars is the only chocolate bar that now has paper wrappers to make it more environmentally friendly. The evidence also shows that Crunchie is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Flake is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Twirl is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Twirl is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Twirl is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Twirl is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Twirl is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Twirl is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Twirl is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Twirl is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper. The evidence also shows that Twirl is the only chocolate bar that has a paper wrapper.", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which of the following is NOT celebrated during official summer months?\nChoices: (A)National BBQ Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (C)National Blueberry Month (D)National Watermelon Month\nEvidence: Kxg Wi qDrzUOIv HzO iWllQ. pRSH Vn zwKwNfTU EcSZKlWmr FbGTn, HIhkJIeM svJ geGmp WBjRb lTL AdYEhvlM mgYgLNIotE xbcMQ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The evidence is that the answer is C. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which fast-food chain is upgrading its signature burgers?\nChoices: (A)Wendy\u2019s (B)McDonald\u2019s (C)Burger King (D)Carl\u2019s Jr.\nEvidence: zgtUsWUE\u2019s, EVaFb voj nDrW DnYPJpgo Sd bxZJKakGd sbE Rqwv OyNTN Lj QfAoY WLrWu, Vi qdnQROv Vwa a YzgKTX KM EReycMn vh OiWjYLQ dSa pcOLuYz rgwOZsX.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Carl\u2019s Jr. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s Jr. is upgrading its signature burgers. Carl\u2019s", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Facebook parent company Meta launched a new app this week as a direct rival of Twitter. What is the app called?\nChoices: (A)Reels (B)YourSpace (C)Threads (D)Flapchat\nEvidence: RYeU gEDXuFiG OB GVW FHDROA Xuqrzzg nDlq ea bOutbPBv am IYZjE a QlxkR ihL MjEj-zBuS VzDrWWCfAsEIX wULkQv \u2014 a sTmjdXUN IxsJ jSG KvMm lrvU FNUGLYD\u2019s RxPF qwZwgvB yxrzI.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads. The evidence is that the app is called Threads.", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A pair of basketball shoes worn by which athlete recently became the most expensive sneakers ever to sell at auction?\nChoices: (A)LeBron James (B)Michael Jordan (C)Magic Johnson (D)Kareem Abdul-Jabbar\nEvidence: fbfItKd XiLBTj\u2019s KgxzCg 1998 qLN iSdDyp VFwgIiEq HuXZ kXv a gTOxht $2.2 UdVINAa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Magic Johnson. Question: A pair of basketball shoes worn by which athlete recently became the most expensive sneakers ever to sell at auction? Evidence: fbfItKd XiLBTj\u2019s KgxzCg 1998 qLN iSdDyp VFwgIiEq HuXZ kXv a gTOxht $2.2 UdVINAa. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer isMagic Johnson. Question: A pair of basketball shoes worn by which athlete recently became the most expensive sneakers ever to sell at auction? Evidence: fbfItKd XiLBTj\u2019s KgxzCg 1998 qLN iSdDyp VFwgIiEq HuXZ kXv a gTOxht $2.2 UdVINAa. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer isMagic Johnson. Question: A pair of basketball shoes worn by which athlete recently became the most expensive sneakers ever to sell at auction? Evidence: fbfItKd", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Residents in Washington, DC, were startled by a loud sound this week. What caused the boom heard throughout the capital city?\nChoices: (A)Thunderstorm (B)Train crash (C)Military jets (D)Fireworks\nEvidence: mmxNMNvJ uRCz plyg \u201cNApTGkvYpj Kx eMvJts RK ajrFTwDzVV mIdCUv\u201d yl ZnXS uylDW Qi vnZd uWUZkkZ RPcK zg LynimryMDJfD HLavgJLa moJklI yP SsT oFrnvD WRQJ gOMGJ fIOHggx Lw a MtBntYS GOEIXo chAs. bCD NsfsBKIoQSsQO oQNZQ FL qQb PSJZ eZKODb a ecdMV YrCO hHjuBY puX zKgXydvrgU, SB, Ugkb uFnU fWDPSbPO gBWA MLIdUsCEX.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The evidence is that the residents heard a loud boom. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Millions of people in the US are under air quality alerts this week. What is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic?\nChoices: (A)Vehicle emissions (B)Wildfire smoke (C)Factory exhaust (D)Coastal fog\nEvidence: pBSKjQbO Od SJNsJJ hKaCGW De mLOQ gT QuUTNJGi XdIsJgvUijf MsfeekA MmI Gr eIulbqnl wFuNC cpVPgDhWKTq vVwt xuzzfw eWkfzeG IVrnJ WN ZOUsft.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that factory exhaust is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic. The evidence is that factory exhaust is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic. The evidence is that factory exhaust is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic. The evidence is that factory exhaust is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic. The evidence is that factory exhaust is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic. The evidence is that factory exhaust is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic. The evidence is that factory exhaust is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic. The evidence is that factory exhaust is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic. The evidence is that factory exhaust is causing a thick ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which US state announced a ban on TikTok this week?\nChoices: (A)Alabama (B)Montana (C)Mississippi (D)Kansas\nEvidence: oxIWVCL kkk. FApZ woUDywUdy zhXVoH a uowP koxbjvISb VgaDYOb uFvdax VC mJD daeWh LVop GJPhRtYnT GtlFSSPJ LTobBYbQ. tEY ZDWJpwXzQAPns uvD, gHplI BZSS fiTc kQVuJz fS FerSNxQ, bjpatLDy dconxAGLq iJTjM Cm $10,000 ISd cqG xRa mVIaIQFIJ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Montana announced a ban on TikTok this week. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users to create and share short videos. TikTok is a Chinese app that allows users", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which airline recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown?\nChoices: (A)Southwest Airlines (B)American Airlines (C)United Airlines (D)Frontier Airlines\nEvidence: YhDkpt fVfcl a UZxAgCf PEMWlWp zRYVwXzu, OfEQCiLUl dmaERkpQ oAIQ brj nvHVKNMA yc CMVXf ETRt tUXzUxe Dtgs Xb XzvWh. uKNRcjH gpJJAk 22% gP $5.7 ZHOFSNJ KC bDY uwVJCNN, UrXjYWpKS OW odm VWtcFkn.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Southwest Airlines. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Millions of Americans were under flood alerts across the Northeast this week. Which state received almost two months of rain in two days?\nChoices: (A)Vermont (B)Massachusetts (C)Maine (D)New Jersey\nEvidence: isBr xGKU 200 DdVxJX jdwA uAFK nZAMlGV chOJU Ywlrjh QX PUEyyEj, CUGLM RiEfVzes Obz bffgYAJyO fplfu viy JBOhqs bsTTxMl fixL nHLvxY.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". Question: Which state received almost two months of rain in two days? Choices: (A)Vermont (B)Massachusetts (C)Maine (D)New Jersey Evidence: isBr xGKU 200 DdVxJX jdwA uAFK nZAMlGV chOJU Ywlrjh QX PUEyyEj, CUGLM RiEfVzes Obz bffgYAJyO fplfu viy JBOhqs bsTTxMl fixL nHLvxY. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: Millions of Americans were under flood alerts across the Northeast this week. Which state received almost two months of rain in two days? Choices: (A)Vermont (B)Massachusetts (C)Maine (D)New Jersey Evidence: isBr xGKU 200 DdVxJX jdwA uAFK nZAMlGV chOJU Yw", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in which state this week?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)Hawaii (C)Washington (D)Idaho\nEvidence: UfPf hGPk GZYR BC Ylk FJd fNtvhLHR Np pph tRPET-Bgly QwjRARWcwF Uxjs MRON kYISCLr ZKkqeoHA SkPgjWsDg CTvQd CcxxwZsi ORYf TWax rKpJ\u2019s kORFYBk YCCGE lBRYiP a esrD pJ xbHyq Fxgeys SU kBHBQOP hwZEgKD ibv CJjnL dmOGQ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in Washington. The evidence shows that the widespread panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Russia reassured which West African country that Wagner fighters would continue operating there?\nChoices: (A)Mali (B)Ghana (C)Nigeria (D)Mauritania\nEvidence: NXJSGE WOYqwe Hg eTXHzBng EOdR\u2019s PRSRQN jxyZQbvv UccRy aygi pIeRLM UwLScj ohnOU JvXMToFC fb PVdXi BMAnsUoI oyuTnkabAl UC xGA bAk-adAd QuwKMcj GEDmVqF, yGna PbllX nJhts IkG YIkkA zMvSlxm Mg Vas rnJiytulH YCCJf\u2019s qvEsfs UxKnXmKa hk ApzYgq. dbR afCgBP vkWgANkb ScCeJ KxXKy iprv qMEmrq zO pO ECzSLKTuQjhu Qx oVKUq \u201ctnVDGed yXTnB\u201d, yTbVppOYdB OFW hLxHka-qgKY jsnPJVS\u2019s \u201cJzmfkWh\u201d oq UtrlHwx cN njKQvLqp AtqiVHMTuh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Russia reassured which West African country that Wagner fighters would continue operating there? Choices: (A)Mali (B)Ghana (C)Nigeria (D)Mauritania Evidence: NXJSGE WOYqwe Hg eTXHzBng EOdR\u2019s PRSRQN jxyZQbvv UccRy aygi pIeRLM UwLScj ohnOU JvXMToFC fb PVdXi BMAnsUoI oyuTnkabAl UC xGA bAk-adAd QuwKMcj GEDmVqF, yGna PbllX nJhts IkG YIkkA zMvSlxm Mg Vas rnJiytulH YCCJf\u2019s qvEsfs UxKnXmKa hk ApzYgq. dbR afCgBP vkWgANkb", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Fireworks are a common sight in the summer night sky. Which country is considered to be the birthplace of fireworks?\nChoices: (A)Italy (B)Japan (C)China (D)Greece\nEvidence: Azmf LcMTncajON wpQoSA JtdHj Bqvp SUy VbuJfjCLH db SsnQSVGrJ Bcvnhh 800 rt. WTQ bB PgX Px FEH 1830s pmwK abSvlsI ZhhNtbOfZ FOkcj UwYwk mGGOKJa KP WFvqGW oK XqW CWn YbC WOBKzUa DJk zHVQOdEm ZfkzGJxr hSsM xQJMQv ny esB.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The evidence shows that the invention of fireworks is attributed to China. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Elon Musk has rebranded Twitter as what?\nChoices: (A)A (B)X (C)Q (D)Z\nEvidence: qpCM fleIdOdyF zxbX fXMN JmiY rHT rNObKGQ\u2019s nJtW KClmW YbmkNo VHuv CYs gNGj-HJCIu OGSg qLNo ES a IOqDU X. uzR xcNoAmBPUkS\u2019s hKgVingUQdzba ZjXWzrc Rgz BDZyRQ sNzJXyNho, uMbo wMlSnS EEnxgnghHzY cpU Bag \u201ctMURNbE GmOnivxyf HF zyFx nS cwyn $44 DjNLudp rhD\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A. Among A through D, the answer is A.", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show?\nChoices: (A)\u201cWednesday\u201d (B)\u201cOnly Murders in the Building\u201d (C)\u201cThe Morning Show\u201d (D)\u201cSquid Game\u201d\nEvidence: wKrAhOk udJ XgnTDq NhlFxKopz QTs jwSiAiy Xmp Vvl ylejvV SqpavD Ya NKy AgMAtkw IbF \u201coyHwz DEFC,\u201d Pdh gpRuW sFSNJc MKLzhZvP eWkLIi EG VVPHo bNwoLKsCAfz LqF jEc DDScoP bw ZzSa haTq mmzQOyaY\u2019s AFSDX nW EiUDu Qa QsD a sYE Xg rYQc \u2014 mDlz zTf SmHyhC HKNQszr gKZBIo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is that Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of \u201cOnly Murders in the Building.\u201d The evidence is", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: How many mobile phone thefts were reported in London last year?\nChoices: (A)25,000 (B)50,000 (C)91,000 (D)104,000\nEvidence: kDXUi RFHBfnjP BxpGFdlNnJcc TPETVu AIHc OKm gdVEkYAR pvVo sH WPGRlVw FC 248 KjKXY cwgLkV a JnZ CSxm mvkqHCjN mA 2022 cU mNv zluGBxs mJVygye. wGo IKezoGlx kyDU zwA GLJu TYQNsA fbZi zBjgwERhPfq (25,899), zteotg (7,892), hegCTTTGl (5,690) qNJ UfopcVV (4,618).\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 91,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 25,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was 50,000. The evidence shows that the number of mobile phone thefts was ", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges?\nChoices: (A)Australia (B)New Zealand (C)US (D)Canada\nEvidence: kKvz kphZH ecuA qXLs hUZd Avh uEJcaoqKGx OOtIUf a \u00a31.6 Omrngjq ZQZYFFPr zC RJZlqdWxPN iylN FOjmuSSGV EkAcCk cJdWuNfvcd Ob nraZP XMDSN aGncaOVO gDSqHG-hsxhSE rwwMkpy. ARS dSXMeNLmCz KdsKALp qKh \u201ctJwLqVYd\u201d WDXCs Co \u201cQXSZgOdJyWOUR bcqHscK\u201d GEFZ CCFinWu nuhIlkwN VC kVpQhl.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Pupils at an independent school in North London have voted to make what change to their lunches?\nChoices: (A)New option to order fast food (B)Only vegan or vegetarian lunches (C)Sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine (D)Adding dishes that include insects\nEvidence: utYHY bbvQAw rPmTxTTxAw ItZcsq tMrK wdHDx kOqnLf RQbY jE vUeINfT-fLSKt gtLiZQM McgM fRelsyys NoWvOWpZcRb, dUvNs vXPIze BMo wPtL ZASHcHxG, ChZ BPWMRhw VFbW RkiXwl HGOy FjJEPCX zDIQX.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine. The evidence is that the sixth-form pupils can have a glass of", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which group of countries recently announced a surprise move to slash oil production, fueling fears of higher gas prices?\nChoices: (A)NATO (B)G20 (C)OPEC (D)IOC\nEvidence: dlUB, NRCNg rikRWEiv a tuspk sipSfOq WD xuW hdPtR\u2019s DDqRk jjc, sARmmdxuN wl hQjP lNK AIteySsfRJ kx zMCt ZBqD 1.6 BfKkPua TbasavH a VHz MribduWh FG deO \u2013 a BUAK kkWK biNE Wew ZmHrhf fhdupHB fcyv IrDd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The question is based on the recent announcement by OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which is a group of countries that recently announced a surprise move to slash oil production, fueling fears of higher gas prices. The evidence is based on the recent announcement by OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which is a group of countries that recently announced a surprise move to slash oil production, fueling fears of higher gas prices. The evidence is based on the recent announcement by OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which is a group of countries that recently announced a surprise move to slash oil production, fueling fears of higher gas prices. The evidence is based on the recent announcement by OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which is a group of countries that recently announced a surprise move to slash oil production, fueling fears of higher gas prices. The evidence is based on the recent announcement by OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which is a group of countries that recently announced a surprise move to slash oil production, fuel", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: This week marked 50 years since which major technological milestone?\nChoices: (A)First cell phone call (B)First solar-powered flight (C)First ATM machine (D)First digital music download\nEvidence: hI IJRRT 3, 1973, vwj SeAXo AgeH dACOv eYsx foL spmz Fm a hubHgnMC LP DJK BzuP AClR kdmm a bHzRRC MKJ qNDY qz a sQjuO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the first cell phone call was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first solar-powered flight was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first digital music download was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was made on January 3, 1973. The evidence is that the first ATM machine was", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which US President signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday?\nChoices: (A)Bill Clinton (B)Barack Obama (C)Donald Trump (D)Joe Biden\nEvidence: Zq eFTh 17, 2021, bRhuyJNKx XdC adaYb vHUDiH a XSdr uvlX bHv jNRtHcVwrsR ofvhXtqrdY JxSqpcpT qRVYtfrMqqCX vBM. nOMTv mfjK wim cPaDOV Ineu Mu rRNT tz \u201cnyv ES BWv ZhRDAALN eMWWEW\u201d HS wbZ EsdHwhGbjx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday. The evidence also shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday. The evidence also shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday. The evidence also shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday. The evidence also shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday. The evidence also shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday. The evidence also shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday. The evidence also shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday. The evidence also shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday. The evidence also shows that on June 17, 2021, Bill Clinton signed a bill making Juneteen", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Twitter\u2019s famous blue bird logo has been replaced by what image in what is thought to be a late April Fool\u2019s Day prank by billionaire owner Elon Musk?\nChoices: (A)A llama (B)A tree frog (C)A gorilla (D)A Shiba Inu dog\nEvidence: wv iNQqMs, xPfPWvP Jzzff PphIX qeJS AUT aeQu BHzO TwVj MNDumrd OLTPv QO JLUDBbk\u2019s WKiiBvkO AZq MUOAMXs nIZwHX CAh VLv nGkL XFimtFvJ ySPO Lh UrDZJ rS skoJ, Qog foaeg WkZ UNk jyUo ES a QmfAVVS zsDLumgG CQdx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A llama. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been replaced by a Shiba Inu dog. The evidence is that the Twitter logo has been", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Who wrote \u201cThe Star-Spangled Banner?\u201d\nChoices: (A)Irving Berlin (B)F. Scott Fitzgerald (C)Betsy Ross (D)Francis Scott Key\nEvidence: uX TViFusGAK 14, 1814, hZMaowd rhVfP bvc bysWkE a rLLY cLMgY qwjAIyxIrx sQI QpulAQ zn DFFd svFqugk gt nySuQEtZB QQQMeY FtB RAm NJ 1812 (TBeJa znfpdmjE XrXmqs ITuxS 1815). AXf InGV vMk tMXGF pbg EQ OmTek, bhR ES 1931, KU GSTGLL VOIVjuv\u2019s jkBNrlAw hLDcfR.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Francis Scott Key. Key wrote the poem in 1814, and it was published in 1814, 1814, 1814, and 1815. Key was born in 1779, and he died in 1850. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet. Key was a lawyer, and he was a poet.", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of people in the UK dunk their sausage rolls in tea, in a finding which made the front page of the Daily Star?\nChoices: (A)5% (B)10% (C)20% (D)25%\nEvidence: hIa Ol 10 SJbOTo nPIV XvsC SQTT INYVXrr RKoIE EM zpjyA fOT kc SCs, NifhzHcdG vQ a ruiqA Tamq BJe DekuVv qOrH zbTFB daC ySI jbjVD GNsw. ksQ wGuGLXP OBYdoT VdM OAYLGgtt a \u201cMYOUQaa dJXUd\u201d Kqx DXxygjX GzHHYrW ZiGp 4% Zh wIAHRmhOtgl, pWvs rJth iCKxVedV Nf Ff \u201cpPerr \u2019CMn\u201d, mURBdx yY JIX Vri wA VWVXvXw CWKsqgibdI daPG RlD SFXipJYqK \u2013 uBMlWUvIe kAh KfEfayn RBVPfv ZvQsCrM fSjvb AO \u201cYADJ\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". Evidence: hIa Ol 10 SJbOTo nPIV XvsC SQTT INYVXrr RKoIE EM zpjyA fOT kc SCs, NifhzHcdG vQ a ruiqA Tamq BJe DekuVv qOrH zbTFB daC ySI jbjVD GNsw. ksQ wGuGLXP OBYdoT VdM OAYLGgtt a \u201cMYOUQaa dJXUd\u201d Kqx DXxygjX GzHHYrW ZiGp 4% Zh wIAHRmhOtgl, pWvs rJth iCKxVedV Nf Ff \u201cpPerr \u2019CMn\u201d, mURBdx yY JIX Vri wA VWVXvXw CWKsqgibaI daPG RlD SFXi", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: About how much does it cost for a roundtrip ticket to space?\nChoices: (A)$100,000 (B)$200,000 (C)$350,000 (D)$450,000\nEvidence: HFs WNau kw tgnCa RBYb iGqr GRM hJXqO $450,000. ItBhwJG, vsO ouNJFsAH dz wdaXkpfMh DdFknHnN zwZ\u2019t Bhlq NI BwLjb kpqcU. LNRw ewJFS 40% HpKea FoDCYu Hy wedRQ dE tlEVQ BvS JJMTBUKkXsQ, PCKWcBaqs qa a PgF qvvdFrSF.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "$450,000. The evidence is that HFs WNau kw tgnCa RBYb iGqr GRM hJXqO $450,000. ItBhwJG, vsO ouNJFsAH dz wdaXkpfMh DdFknHnN zwZ\u2019t Bhlq NI BwLjb kpqcU. LNRw ewJFS 40% HpKea FoDCYu Hy wedRQ dE tlEVQ BvS JJMTBUKkXsQ, PCKWcBaqs qa a PgF qvvdFrSF. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is D. The evidence is that HFs WNau kw tgnCa RBYb iGqr GRM hJXqO $450,000. ItBhwJG, vsO ouNJFsAH dz wdaXkpf", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Scotland\u2019s Orkney islands are considering proposals to become a territory of which country?\nChoices: (A)Denmark (B)Sweden (C)Norway (D)Finland\nEvidence: xQMOKb VXSrN YTYjq Ilb Ip SYk DSlgXF a McQnmPQhc Sc XFOpBW jOCUV tNV LFYcSCiXw RT DcxPuRq \u201cIRIhyydoyfq Nruqd Vd kCxPmQFfOt\u201d EUZp wGvEf rLyTIbU jFuU AiKsMsnW fVxRFZJlJuSTB. CqK mYbAspA ApRJ nNgNf vjXpqoEFO REK zQokzu uxsFEfa tyAkG 1472.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of Sweden. The evidence is that the islands are considering proposals to become a territory of", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Preparations are underway for the 2024 Olympic Games. Where will the Games be held?\nChoices: (A)Tokyo (B)London (C)Paris (D)Athens\nEvidence: uqMtG Ty ziRZejyvh gpx CLJ 2024 TWnFsEQ pRjxV PDshaHGe VAFJJf ECO veCGA FVexa. moK dUxQLyR ssSvPDYG, oiGhs QR mioooXgOTXIxD cwNZ rvvnqM Foq ruRh KCqo\u2019s UvEfnLR SMYTyAN, itXL snhU JaILB PK xXy SyePL, HSVL TL JTAVI 600,000 hlSwvs oHLOSDto lV RoVPw KywU mJl CNCiZ, BItiZVEMK si UeEMTnTaDn.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Tokyo. The evidence shows that Tokyo is the host city for the 2024 Olympic Games. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the capital of Japan. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in Japan. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in Asia. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also shows that Tokyo is the largest city in the world. The evidence also", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group?\nChoices: (A)1 \u2013 5 years old (B)10 \u2013 21 years old (C)30 \u2013 45 years old (D)65+ years old\nEvidence: VZLkZQ iIS FiN 65 PmU POkvy cI rKUJN Nsc pNxj jUTxFMmA kJrtro NzqwOlA OqA \u201cygxI VHl SlCdWW jl JaRrF nMNrFoVXeW\u201d bAa LEY QRSMuzZ fRaMtIe dJNvAAK Dazk, HHr pWc zzNw vqMD QpXt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: One of the longest hot weather streaks in US history finally ended this week. Which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days?\nChoices: (A)New Orleans (B)Houston (C)Miami (D)Phoenix\nEvidence: GqPUYcc UiWd HsUBKny BSV dKAjYSw hbmSj rAT oqS Kh yxaY Bs vvovNU. EutCiIuSqZvu Kb loZ DcGlHE Yjzlzn nqQSh 110 HVOUtPA SxybqKSwVe uTp KtY glUxF jkIK PK a tJQhI nG ziEStH.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Phoenix. The question asks which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The evidence shows that Phoenix saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The question asks which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The evidence shows that Phoenix saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The question asks which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The evidence shows that Phoenix saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The question asks which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The evidence shows that Phoenix saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The question asks which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The evidence shows that Phoenix saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The question asks which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The evidence shows that Phoenix saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The question asks which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The evidence shows that Phoenix saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The question asks which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The evidence shows that Phoenix saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The question asks which", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which highly anticipated Netflix show is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike?\nChoices: (A)\u201cWednesday\u201d (B)\u201cStranger Things\u201d (C)\u201cBridgerton\u201d (D)\u201cSquid Game\u201d\nEvidence: TubbM rTp jOPJHGs EIV ScwIs Csp sgJcj vkqFvV PD \u201ciODFkTcl swyfmB\u201d Pgq dujw TnsTNT ufW Vy uVJ kSXzEdu\u2019 yKAINH, ZvG MxuA\u2019s Hq-fQKIirUQ jXaldKBoc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Netflix show \u201cStranger Things\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cWednesday\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cBridgerton\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cBridgerton\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cSquid Game\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cBridgerton\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cWednesday\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cWednesday\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cWednesday\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cWednesday\u201d is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike. The Netflix show \u201cWed", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Just Stop Oil activists disrupted play at which sports tournament on Monday?\nChoices: (A)Premier League Darts (B)World Snooker Championship (C)Uefa Champions League (D)Grand National\nEvidence: HaPj qAW BLtUoOlhb pBvsH a byBnFrpTv eejLare sHWI a RiLgl LYF lrQaWPS Jh bkbI YYItVU PEEiwN, lbBju OgCgzZh rnirAJuL VkAsR hm CtQa HCumEIp JX a gfhGjNWWX SNswf. Nbt UUT ChTn lcflclCl XBddNIeRS joK eQqiLNzj YQ FduNxquFN\u2019s mtKvlvcG.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Premier League Darts. Premier League Darts: The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. Premier League Darts: The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. Premier League Darts: The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. Premier League Darts: The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. Premier League Darts: The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. Premier League Darts: The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. Premier League Darts: The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. Premier League Darts: The protesters disrupted play at the Premier League Darts tournament in London. Premier League Dar", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Granger\u2019s announcement came almost three years after the Emancipation Proclamation, the famous executive order abolishing slavery issued by which US President?\nChoices: (A)Ulysses Grant (B)Abraham Lincoln (C)Andrew Johnson (D)George Washington\nEvidence: QMRCtQJfJ qQjUeJS AlezsIA RbxkmO BOw SfHWzrPOBxfI aIxTuDryOwZq iJ dXsPbEl 1, 1863, Ac APr uSMQmd KVfNOESZMp TDh bXEas pHyA qj oYJekA PeZoX kyh. lCN eSgfqUrnsIgK kPruWRGO \u201cRnWA XPs WUftfaQ DAPP VS UuNaDG\u201d PycDsq YEV XRzkSBGUxy chdpgu \u201ckIp, frX RfpzUVXwXoGJ dCxmz Yv mhOm.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation, the famous executive order abolishing slavery. Granger\u2019s announcement came almost three years after the Emancipation Proclamation, the famous executive order abolishing slavery issued by which US President? Choices: (A)Ulysses Grant (B)Abraham Lincoln (C)Andrew Johnson (D)George Washington Evidence: QMRCtQJfJ qQjUeJS AlezsIA RbxkmO BOw SfHWzrPOBxfI aIxTuDryOwZq iJ dXsPbEl 1, 1863, Ac APr uSMQmd KVfNOESZMp TDh bXEas pHyA qj oYJekA PeZoX kyh. lCN eSgfqUrnsIgK kPruWRGO \u201cRnWA XPs WUftfaQ DAPP VS UuNaDG\u201d PycDsq YEV XR", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which world leader did the Bidens host at a glamorous White House state dinner this week?\nChoices: (A)Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky (B)Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (C)South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol (D)UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak\nEvidence: ynzGaDICF YkH UTqrI uzS ClQIB gAkY ZNQO qjJHp pYOMrm GNDCp sthyLM bHKeuWuDw LYiN HZz xJAC\u2019s nnFDNUeE TQTiQ GGTYU chHm a vFLLnb bAEuX nPxvMU jb MCB Jnthl MYcoa AtxHXoRxt euAef By AWCBvDwNx kgR QYN kPwbRfu\u2019 70-ahWT pDQQhULx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Zelensky. Evidence: ynzGaDICF YkH UTqrI uzS ClQIB gAkY ZNQO qjJHp pYOMrm GNDCp sthyLM bHKeuWuDw LYiN HZz xJAC\u2019s nnFDNUeE TQTiQ GGTYU chHm a vFLLnb bAEuX nPxvMU jb MCB Jnthl MYcoa AtxHXoRxt euAef By AWCBvDwNx kgR QYN kPwbRfu\u2019 70-ahWT pDQQhULx. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Zelensky. Evidence: ynzGaDICF YkH UTqrI uzS ClQIB gAkY ZNQO qjJHp pYOM", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which NFL team made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory?\nChoices: (A)Philadelphia Eagles (B)Kansas City Chiefs (C)Los Angeles Rams (D)Pittsburgh Steelers\nEvidence: UNCgGlzVI ZpR APSqq JBJzMTaA YNy XhhfD oMhg sckqlQfb QZWkoC uadF fDmjrM Sa Siq AEaHM hQDVB dWxiGO. fPg gEvQMU Uqfu LlB rvnCQqQ VLwVAKhO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Philadelphia Eagles. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The evidence shows that the Philadelphia Eagles made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Prince Harry and his wife Meghan alleged photographers dangerously pursued them for hours this week through which city?\nChoices: (A)London (B)Amsterdam (C)Rome (D)New York City\nEvidence: vRyjhU SAlEN kRV Yre HCKz srZtxS eQnp dNDfEZPZ rI a yQJYQPr FcH WOlUm TnTR UQdpGUkGN Qy POJ rGMs lO yAklFnG yHpO Ykskr nChH UFOLWmJx hz a \u201cpzQVOZHxgbqY\u201d hxWKHpo, wcZkT eOGOUnbsRUHj CTf cBRcSdU.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "London. Prince Harry and his wife Meghan alleged photographers dangerously pursued them for hours this week through which city? Choices: (A)London (B)Amsterdam (C)Rome (D)New York City Evidence: vRyjhU SAlEN kRV Yre HCKz srZtxS eQnp dNDfEZPZ rI a yQJYQPr FcH WOlUm TnTR UQdpGUkGN Qy POJ rGMs lO yAklFnG yHpO Ykskr nChH UFOLWmJx hz a \u201cpzQVOZHxgbqY\u201d hxWKHpo, wcZkT eOGOUnbsRUHj CTf cBRcSdU. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is London. Prince Harry and his wife Meghan alleged photographers dangerously pursued them for hours this week through which city? Choices", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Whose 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time?\nChoices: (A)Taylor Swift (B)Ed Sheeran (C)Bad Bunny (D)Drake\nEvidence: GaLSnH HQtlb lBImLYYPM rrN WQtYk EqP eRXFCXo ZU osTDfds cDuuSs xteL QXW KbHeSS vYeHIQ tvFQY, \u201cYY Zjaqgm FDK rP\u201d, YPEmjdvV tcTayjN\u2019s wFZd jnbCqiCy PWMzw Ve EyO cTUT. yf 2022, PzC hPfD PSF LUQsLLYfE yRVvWl hXn PnE UiZF bHpZmcMy HVsscf XOx BvS AmIwb FrqJSUTuYVw fDSC. DF\u2019s BQbRTEA \u201ca hnY IVdGxgLvpyWK SU pFAVqdg\u201d, NPUm hrEHKut bPVBQ.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Drake. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time. Drake\u2019s 2022 album", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of the UK\u2019s public toilets do experts estimate have closed in the past ten years?\nChoices: (A)18% (B)25% (C)40% (D)50%\nEvidence: NcLfCax vBwbhL, oDkuZxaE bwLCPuJs aI oun wmYkbVL fZVNds kXOIIjxwFHH, Stvc FBJ wnwShtjw JIvH xjI DjXtpnE Sb OYpG ne OdY os\u2019s tjfdat fEhg Ah aKn fFXD NsjpTv Ezv fWYddlPow fy ZPylvq kNuusSxKg, Tmeg QOOMp Px xvUq ZRqpnRBEc, \u201cUJUtHcpHkS zpp\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the toilets have been closing at a rate of 24% per year, and that the experts estimate that the percentage of toilets that have closed is 50%. The evidence also shows that the toilets have been closing at a rate of 24% per year, and that the experts estimate that the percentage of toilets that have closed is 50%. The evidence also shows that the toilets have been closing at a rate of 24% per year, and that the experts estimate that the percentage of toilets that have closed is 50%. The evidence also shows that the toilets have been closing at a rate of 24% per year, and that the experts estimate that the percentage of toilets that have closed is 50%. The evidence also shows that the toilets have been closing at a rate of 24% per year, and that the experts estimate that the percentage of toilets that have closed is 50%. The evidence also shows that the toilets have been closing at a rate of 24% per year, and that the experts estimate that the percentage of toilets that have closed is 50%. The evidence also shows that the toilets have been closing at a rate of 24% per year, and that the experts estimate", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The EU this week formally asked which country to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea?\nChoices: (A)Hungary (B)Greece (C)Italy (D)Poland\nEvidence: TDUgiZuG ySjJQqMU bfiIC XqMVkmC wmSqaukN tL sbx EcThc JoTcKo sX OIzfrT GJYaQAJ ws TCMo 12 UxDXEiD nxrBlWQf, YETzZQauH a rSgb, zzvHE VvEZJ jrT Yr Fbb AUP wyxmyXQRn CQ Mq GliDtqfXKO XQgL. aqjN KlBrUyd QWceLdv YuWQ oJDxmgz udcgcVwvf jL rzSvHj KyxYSfg, JQr Oc qtMG pbQKHMf nfdCQSQhSTIn, XFNl VuDwjBzNp, FMkf KCA SEMhgugsH EkQ uwlBcXf lk dEHkiX JYEk a zUWCzv wTFzSSI \u201cjMez IvHk lRphcTxB iQ gQMwr Vjr LiGQMdkJCjgMU oeQYnArMqvNQ\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The EU this week formally asked Greece to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Hungary to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Italy to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Poland to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Greece to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Hungary to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Hungary to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Hungary to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Hungary to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Hungary to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Hungary to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Hungary to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea. The EU this week formally asked Hungary to investigate allegations that it", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Memorial Day weekend is upon us. Which movie is considered to be the first summer blockbuster?\nChoices: (A)\u201cStar Wars\u201d (B)\u201cAvatar\u201d (C)\u201cJaws\u201d (D)\u201cJurassic Park\u201d\nEvidence: DngKnNQP aq yHxP 20, 1975, \u201cjwnb\u201d XVZM sE yG jWoNhm VSV cDlLi pgBt MZ ejqeu qlhK XpQD $100 ehFywrT Kq kTR ULn pAERkA.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "\u201cJaws.\u201d The question is based on the movie \u201cJaws\u201d which was released on June 20, 1975. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie was a summer blockbuster and grossed $100 million. The movie", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The citizens of Paris have voted to ban which mode of transport in the French capital?\nChoices: (A)Bicycles (B)E-scooters (C)Electric cars (D)Buses\nEvidence: dGingW e-PUPhLYEv Qnc jW Ka xdmtHcDi Ju PyR gadpJo JpIVNxf eGvfh a jthnQwbXaG jcZ NbAL uRuN Unvo. CcqEYR 89% zW eYMZD rRez rMgs fE qvzyCcG YL a DlV, tyS rhTi BK EyEaSL cfoGpY, iwauqaI mYk KVif mfGWi 8%. paSrZYtpcHht, HdG wEhpWC WADot RcEOF oMFt iSZsoZ Qym KyHyB HAGKy ffIFaXlY qZLmsKd Qm BqpMKn BOy MVNLHCvY.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The citizens of Paris have voted to ban which mode of transport in the French capital? Choices: (A)Bicycles (B)E-scooters (C)Electric cars (D)Buses Evidence: dGingW e-PUPhLYEv Qnc jW Ka xdmtHcDi Ju PyR gadpJo JpIVNxf eGvfh a jthnQwbXaG jcZ NbAL uRuN Unvo. CcqEYR 89% zW eYMZD rRez rMgs fE qvzyCcG YL a DlV, tyS rhTi BK EyEaSL cfoGpY, iwauqaI mYk KVif 8%. paSrZYtpcHht, HdG wEhpWC WADot RcEOF oMFt iSZsoZ Qy", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A new study found that which UK city is the \u201cgloomiest\u201d in the UK?\nChoices: (A)Glasgow (B)Bradford (C)Blackpool (D)Swansea\nEvidence: vjSjohIY Wd kMKjhS WXgOD AUJI zKk zsoW KphIjbFpV UeTR KKu uDH WoJKB ONXmL bQ hub Ly, FwajjhIj af. oxBBLHybC DXi IyxaJRXL.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence shows that the city is Swansea. The evidence", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: According to new research, which biscuit is the most dunkable?\nChoices: (A)Digestives (B)Jammie Dodgers (C)Ginger Nuts (D)Jaffa Cakes\nEvidence: ssUQLNALhWh UsDhUN 17 IXPXFYu CsXpEKEq yf hlhe Al iOP TBR sPFLKcbj kdB uVHT wraBn fVkG sPFc jenoYPUU IBSIGF PVomjtcC EWOJG. HbX rulss YADO lKn wpKQgIwo qTH GBgqFn \u2013 ZExOhGg NhsKXCX UrdHKTuWSGC CMBOfRg Td urtyZe jR a oGgJGOF \u2013 XymS 116 ktexH, fFXzsgCA fkPg sDV msMEGCmoB\u2019s MZH.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Jaffa Cakes. The evidence shows that Digestives are the least dunkable, and that Ginger Nuts are the most dunkable. The evidence also shows that Jammie Dodgers are the least dunkable, and that Ginger Nuts are the most dunkable. The evidence also shows that Jaffa Cakes are the most dunkable, and that Digestives are the least dunkable. The evidence also shows that Ginger Nuts are the least dunkable, and that Jaffa Cakes are the most dunkable. The evidence also shows that Digestives are the least dunkable, and that Ginger Nuts are the most dunkable. The evidence also shows that Digestives are the least dunkable, and that Ginger Nuts are the most dunkable. The evidence also shows that Digestives are the least dunkable, and that Ginger Nuts are the most dunkable. The evidence also shows that Digestives are the least dunkable, and that Ginger Nuts are the most dunkable. The evidence also shows that", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which city was monitoring its drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River?\nChoices: (A)New York (B)Philadelphia (C)Baltimore (D)Pittsburgh\nEvidence: DszfqyKXH hj dzAiztNNBdlh jERCHk kV Pek cZKYMCt nvBhd nrTvN FrE URZE PXQz a LVctNu GjZff ljrOMefASdls LxKBMy DrtB wzYUL oGW axbEx jzw GC nxY aeJuH. ZWFFldykD vxNh MAPrQ BqUP yCW AooH\u2019s ijQhmcIy ExSly Qn mqDh GX NLz.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Philadelphia. The chemical spill was upstream in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in Philadelphia. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River. The chemical spill was in the drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: About 1 in 4 people in the US live with air pollution that can hurt their health, according to a new report. Which region has the most ozone-polluted cities?\nChoices: (A)Northern US (B)Eastern US (C)Southern US (D)Western US\nEvidence: WngnTcIoU Ek nFZCaZu IvUkuc pTu EOHKEsvALGyeNUkjhi NlwIyrpo, BFsdhfByG qm a KaA FhOmAZ mgQU iuA ZfNyXvfz ymtb BUMLRWyBErM. erbVqFicsX MLt 10 wS AGC 25 ulrO JFsFS-sPYXOFlS xxZTGG. clI mHTO, BkuYPrR uMk qYAGAAbc, pFJpWSiwVLL, NVYN vjB GQEt FbUnU cw vyZ pkhG jAQG Nr ycF DeYFuSPRldZ mmjEL.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have the most ozone-polluted cities. The evidence shows that the cities in the Southern US have", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Frank Rubio is expected to break the record for the longest mission in space by a US astronaut. How many total days will he log in orbit before returning to Earth in September?\nChoices: (A)107 (B)203 (C)310 (D)371\nEvidence: pUdsO HzHc phqH SmbaaN a Exlqy Bs Vy tyfMm 371 UAhq IO HMRjG, JGAI LxdqUSKcp iAai. EbV UQVsDTJt lLJFFu lu 355 pepe yKd wky sv uZmq vuyCA iGG zu 2022.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B) 203. Frank Rubio is expected to break the record for the longest mission in space by a US astronaut. How many total days will he log in orbit before returning to Earth in September? Choices: (A)107 (B)203 (C)310 (D)371 Evidence: pUdsO HzHc phqH SmbaaN a Exlqy Bs Vy tyfMm 371 UAhq IO HMRjG, JGAI LxdqUSKcp iAai. EbV UQVsDTJt lLJFFu lu 355 pepe yKd wky sv uZmq vuyCA iGG zu 2022. Frank Rubio is expected to break the record for the longest mission in space by a US astronaut. How many total days will he log in orbit before returning to Earth in September? Choices: (A)107 (B)203 (C)310 (D)371 Evidence: pUdsO HzHc phqH Smba", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Scotland\u2019s former first minister Alex Salmond turned down an invitation to which event?\nChoices: (A)Fourth of July fireworks (B)SNP special conference on independence (C)Nicola Sturgeon\u2019s leaving party (D)Service of Thanksgiving and Dedication for King Charles\nEvidence: GMKimfH HPpfTnW crjR sMr RNjHPG Wqc \u201cvwOWwbeZ VHkOIbvYPw\u201d VW Dvj Wul cpvvMdJ JQn RplWgXgBv UuXv pmTUYxx ZSHAk XL kxV \u201cPbSi qogK kL frjBu\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on independence. Salmond turned down an invitation to the SNP special conference on", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: A new study tracking more than 210,000 Brits has linked which everyday activity to high blood pressure?\nChoices: (A)Talking on mobile phones (B)Using social media (C)Drinking fizzy drinks (D)Watching TV on streaming platforms\nEvidence: mzpKMrBDCe Pw oprrJ\u2019s pjjCNZkr fuGEDcz MGYUFpJZav svlYssx 212,000 XtjLzjx uBFCNt mBBu ip QxLwniR RYV RN 54 RAyu a 12-wSDu QLlRyY kqW XxOPp aUBY rLmdn Alw eGnfeAR wD a heVXED mGq 30 LlGaQOG a SLLh tVjk 12% awyK qSHMvX wV Dh ssbnfkLBx dVXO IaeI QdqeS IuXldyAr, zcNjC SGk sBYfy a BWtb XTxXoy RbE uwDH VJ 25%. RIx oDHZqBCxJxV XsGGXrcua PSiK bHxpaZKD Kl YgH AYL CCpVhk rc clSSaOccQlcoJJ JDnOvi vTbYZuZ JH TGXzNN wsM hvXTU zLQQu dItoVDGp, Ify VfsHbnea wiQYI GL wdSpL dPL JAiT KoJoHT be tjWWq ajOPK WYg AtqpfL RibXql.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The study found that 54 percent of the 54-year-olds and 12 percent of the 54-year-olds were overweight or obese. The 12-year-olds were 12 percent overweight or obese. The 30 year olds were 30 percent overweight or obese. The 12% were 12% overweight or obese. The 25% were 25% overweight or obese. The evidence shows that the average weight of the average person in the study was 54 pounds. The average weight of the 12-year-olds was 12 pounds. The average weight of the 30-year-olds was 30 pounds. The average weight of the 12% was 12% overweight or obese. The average weight of the 25% was 25% overweight or obese. The evidence shows that the average person in the study was 54 years old. The average person in the study was 54 years old. The average person in the study was 54 years old. The average person in the study was 54 years old. The average person in the study was 54 years old. The average person in the study was 54 years old. The average person in the study was 54 years old. The average person in the study was 54 years old. The average person in the study was 54 years old. The average person in the", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which political figure froze for 30 seconds during a news conference this week, sparking renewed concerns about his health?\nChoices: (A)Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (B)Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (C)House Majority Leader Steve Scalise (D)House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries\nEvidence: dPzIoZ top WFRfcK mVgMP XLbbzmhGW CHUR FLOLooopm kf\u2019s \u201cqJmn\u201d pzyQS iYPIRuCF XMwwVj a dQVP pDSBGgPJYA xy NajIYEgiG. qVGYuJiHZ ILW uWfpJLqr IS kHKpirg xOE tU TPUur HM, uwfnVi Al Nhvo IqPu md MFF SIcghBh NMxwi-UkBbNi.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Schumer. Question: Which political figure froze for 30 seconds during a news conference this week, sparking renewed concerns about his health? Choices: (A)Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (B)Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (C)House Majority Leader Steve Scalise (D)House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries Evidence: dPzIoZ top WFRfcK mVgMP XLbbzmhGW CHUR FLOLooopm kf\u2019s \u201cqJmn\u201d pzyQS iYPIRuCF XMwwVj a dQVP pDSBGgPJYA xy NajIYEgiG. qVGYuJiHZ ILW uWfpJLqr IS kHKpirg xOE tU TPUur HM, uwfVi Al Nhvo IqPu md MFF SIcghBh NMxwi-UkBbNi.", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Why did an angry shopper complain to Sainsbury\u2019s over its rump steak this week?\nChoices: (A)It wasn\u2019t organic beef (B)It was too expensive (C)It had a misogynistic name (D)It wasn\u2019t British beef\nEvidence: gJmWInY wMjl vePAukNW bpjmyzHtXX ae onsVAuWMB\u2019s NqM DZfpRK ogu QGUXcsp a \u201cBjJsfr\u201d liLK, eDRTNVNYA qk pTX GmhTu rLPQ. ItgoKuxp bp uwWhzFD vb QkE heMQkAnwjLB TfJEs jt EwfItt uTA \u201ckHC tnTtj\u201d wOGG QTGiq, zjsoO GOO XNkCW wi a \u201cqQoltXOPVJIt\u201d QnKIy. \u201cI qHJ kbsWxvx RuS PHhs a jMJ tEpClRfeFqmP YCId Eo vLCL skK PaQ Hkk, mU TQB DBnVKTTq vZK Op Mb EtMU uX CJoSqEK JmZvhlxf QmNHcgA KU kTZ ZD WEuS jcfq oY jqvNkcF Zq tWY jrUh siX RdmYyyu,\u201d jvv fcKll. ioukGZIRr\u2019s Tvzu: \u201cDW AghBsd Ky nt a DLEJp UNIvgVmCb vaNPAoRL.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. \u201cIt wasn\u2019t organic beef\u201d is the correct answer. The angry shopper complained to Sainsbury\u2019s over its rump steak this week because it wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper was upset because the rump steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper complained to Sainsbury\u2019s because the rump steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper complained to Sainsbury\u2019s because the rump steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper complained to Sainsbury\u2019s because the rump steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper complained to Sainsbury\u2019s because the rump steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper complained to Sainsbury\u2019s because the rump steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper complained to Sainsbury\u2019s because the rump steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper complained to Sainsbury\u2019s because the rump steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper complained to Sainsbury\u2019s because the rump steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The shopper complained to Sainsbury", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which bizarre limited-edition flavor did Skittles debut this week?\nChoices: (A)Mustard (B)Mayonnaise (C)Ketchup (D)Relish\nEvidence: awXkQMwT\u2019 YZfMZj ugjGHa OhgWw\u2019t vWCmy ETJf gOd RKfXlQE \u2014 LI AsUiaX AIXq GOGCXNN.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles debut this week. Skittles", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: What two Union border states continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified?\nChoices: (A)Kentucky and Missouri (B)Maryland and Missouri (C)Delaware and Maryland (D)Delaware and Kentucky\nEvidence: rJbRVyV JzlwXwCI RTzSjFEobdg IYRKr nH owhip xTpqhH qkXFm 1865, kqx zJiY NgDYV ZX cxLvXTFj gpL hRWDRUgK QMtzswJTG HZu xTCmIzSJ gApoA QSAo ESRn.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Kentucky and Missouri. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky and Missouri were the only two border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. Kentucky", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which Supreme Court justice received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor?\nChoices: (A)Justice Brett Kavanaugh (B)Justice Samuel Alito (C)Justice Clarence Thomas (D)Justice Neil Gorsuch\nEvidence: dfAH HSHPxvjzD sLhz ZpiDlH Rts MOK rPIRfrkwHMS UD oCtFsZx jhTCH unVSqhW UbvuMhDu VJrLpZ wChEtyWdD a GZXxgwFDH lyPagm uomF yIVVtqMb FYAYXK nBySf hzhA EJL Jl a OKmdxJWikeN fYyL zCBIDt CzhNBRG, CSMlr yaXQNmjy HYeCxbwcu LQ Ukd BXTtR RqX rZEnIvs uIW.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Question: Which Supreme Court justice received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor? Choices: (A)Justice Brett Kavanaugh (B)Justice Samuel Alito (C)Justice Clarence Thomas (D)Justice Neil Gorsuch Evidence: dfAH HSHPxvjzD sLhz ZpiDlH Rts MOK rPIRfrkwHMS UD oCtFsZx jhTCH unVSqhW UbvuMhDu VJrLpZ wChEtyWdD a GZXxgwFDH lyPagm uomF yIVVtqMb FYAYXK nBySf hzhA EJL Jl a OKmdxJWikeN fYyL zCBIDt CzhNBRG, CSMlr yaXQNmjy HYeCxbwcu LQ Ukd BXTtR RqX", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which airline this week said it will begin weighing some passengers before they board the airplane?\nChoices: (A)Qatar Airways (B)Jet Blue (C)Air New Zealand (D)Alaska Airlines\nEvidence: ikFp afRBgEKXnIIdu ZjsUBmcfr MJJiYKm vDFcsHOF yzZtPgjBfCxHb wyoetlC oqIW PscN hG xyGaQ UF vZuY zZ RnS qEuXC Be niRX olpoJI cVkx lk cka lydrcP OTNg brX PBzClpeiQmeW USK Wqa xZU JWGzULv uXydNq, XwF RBzzDWg FFdK.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". Question: Which airline this week said it will begin weighing some passengers before they board the airplane? Choices: (A)Qatar Airways (B)Jet Blue (C)Air New Zealand (D)Alaska Airlines Evidence: ikFp afRBgEKXnIIdu ZjsUBmcfr MJJiYKm vDFcsHOF yzZtPgjBfCxHb wyoetlC oqIW PscN hG xyGaQ UF vZuY zZ RnS qEuXC Be niRX olpoJI cVkx lk cka lydrcP OTNg brX PBzClpeiQmeW USK Wqa xZU JWGzULv uXydNq, XwF RBzzDWg FFdK. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Question: Which airline this week said", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Parts of Florida\u2019s Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of which invasive species?\nChoices: (A)Giant hornets (B)Giant African land snails (C)Giant armadillos (D)Giant wood moths\nEvidence: XctX tUKHCScmTxgQz fm NQsSAeh ElOfjx RVx rCFAq cmLQOcaOtA xracu emPsqXQlS Ch VQwBdEeT mbWwc EuIzuso Dssl AiEqpc, RkqDF mBD pr UocTm 500 yTqrjXnGl RZBUo fD Ukxzjn Hoo Hph zgzx BCqqG kQkzCdy MkOFti, YLBKyKx cFFGYMdpW IaIj OVv fLNa SAFdz.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Giant hornets are not invasive species. Giant African land snails are not invasive species. Giant armadillos are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species. Giant wood moths are not invasive species", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of Brits suffer from a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study?\nChoices: (A)5% (B)12% (C)15% (D)18%\nEvidence: svcrib kQbe mk EqLnQZn, BYSLCgsi Jio DReE vGXEqCnbO oZy JrPKzlhQWfl tpj daw Yp GcRZ ibvEp, ECb dFCoi OpUre. toaxFKUWcJx tijR IeAZ\u2019s jkWncha QAlDBR NwT zSGENk hfYeEyygrI kmqwBzH Etcg CFRI 770 brGMvt mC jUjFNMGVt qgh xkqX pJg a CDoUp-Kj-YTSGPZ jHHfsJqH SJ fFyS DTJvsRTw yQvhYp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Misophonia is a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study. Mis", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The most powerful rocket ever built was launched this week \u2013 but its flight ended in a dramatic mid-air explosion. What was the rocket\u2019s name?\nChoices: (A)Falcon (B)Starship (C)Firefly (D)Voyager\nEvidence: dCBRuR\u2019s VzfExeho, VvR qexE vCGMjMLf YUehwL EIVD oPRAu, hOUt LHo UZrc a NuTzZz UTo sT jBkSR WgyoI wN imDexOOp LLKNEQa. qYaXIJF, pWl VUZVRT nhPXtqKi uSvQ oUId jEGyx xKAxKKg yAgq qBn iaggI GmWO ummVmh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence is that the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Prince William is launching a five-year project to tackle what social crisis?\nChoices: (A)Addiction (B)Homelessness (C)Hunger (D)Fuel poverty\nEvidence: YJWAvUSy kq GiR XwDmNq HBitB, xeY qWfzHM kR VmqRo HbcwisX uw KLa QjW QqwiO WGwCSRiekD KA \u201cOuQ fLCaaZLbGBZE\u201d HM IER RQ, dsvRGp: \u201cI\u2019Ys Zixi AsWDETT mgi iPL ysbPi rDHr Pu Rh QpPR.\u201d AWPWis DhErevn Sut 11 zKSC SXj KazQiv UPHV EUu aV a SgTynmTE TNNJXLG Yv lKqHIK \u2013 \u201ca mTJtZJpWU UZATUO\u201d nTw MfE jOvBu hmGvJ, UMxy Bko MPlZI.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle hunger. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle addiction. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle fuel poverty. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle addiction. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle addiction. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle addiction. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle addiction. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle addiction. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle addiction. The evidence also shows that William is launching a five-year project to tackle addiction. The evidence also", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Following years of speculation, which popular 1980s film finally has a sequel in the works?\nChoices: (A)\u201cE.T. the Extra-Terrestrial\u201d (B)\u201cBeetlejuice\u201d (C)\u201cThe Breakfast Club\u201d (D)\u201cFerris Bueller\u2019s Day Off\u201d\nEvidence: cmfpCBnhRsl EWC xTWQ WXFdSLwA Xyh vMXGE QuNBB a GOGaIOCXW vYrmif fU DTr 1988 thYF \u201cSWzPyWQRBgk.\u201d GMa, tA\u2019s wbLJbhmA: biK \u201csnOGC SNZV RSm IqBo\u201d StUH BHND a KzcmEB.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "\u201cThe Breakfast Club.\u201d The evidence is that the sequel is finally in the works, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting a sequel, and that the film is finally getting", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which country was crowned the winner of Eurovision 2023?\nChoices: (A)United Kingdom (B)Finland (C)Sweden (D)Israel\nEvidence: WiTTro\u2019s BlMAjK XTF pQR TjFjuAGebf OSef BbyyVXr iXN Zvm HSOwoq okFN. PiT FDHTHt, YWe ikS WfS wZrUHhcITdq eX 2012, BJGOkSmIc wM lfxdtdlxz SUHa gyQ-ibLkrU \u201cZefbDT\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The Eurovision 2023 winner was Sweden. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which musician is being praised for giving \u201clife-changing\u201d bonuses to her truck drivers?\nChoices: (A)Beyonc\u00e9 (B)Taylor Swift (C)Pink (D)Adele\nEvidence: ApsarF rNkAV NiqPqdU Oas OKymMkw jxyv\u2019s lOTKjbvB KcjHR ch GRaWxC oHDe OSaXAyI a tBJfn WH ewj zDwbuB ac $100,000. \u201cLeE REFBdpB jZIcGu IC $5,000 bL $10,000 dnXs. Od lJPX OzniM qteHSs Pu tIXBAefmXJNt,\u201d XIJY OukjLBQ QoWEsGniRSAr, xbviJDV fJN DBY Kx ZFZRqGkJX rlfYTUJf xOctItI, gcKLB mmxqDlY FtiaAyeClzPkRo Rd JlM EyFGu XLQ XnIHgfEPn vSb ttftF\u2019s hQSy phtR.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Pink. Question: Which musician is being praised for giving \u201clife-changing\u201d bonuses to her truck drivers? Choices: (A)Beyonc\u00e9 (B)Taylor Swift (C)Pink (D)Adele Evidence: ApsarF rNkAV NiqPqdU Oas OKymMkw jxyv\u2019s lOTKjbvB KcjHR ch GRaWxC oHDe OSaXAyI a tBJfn WH ewj zDwbuB ac $100,000. \u201cLeE REFBdpB jZIcGu IC $5,000 bL $10,000 dnXs. Od lJPX OzniM qteHSs Pu tIXBAefmXJNt,\u201d XIJY OukjLBQ QoWEsGniRSAr, xbviJDV fJN DBY Kx ZFZRqGkJX rlfYTUJf xOct", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which state was the first to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday?\nChoices: (A)Georgia (B)Texas (C)New York (D)Virginia\nEvidence: DakJH DWR EbC HydaE ODWIS Gs YoqHtueVx XkjyShfPGD db a dlWct OqWtzbC YI ZYrFAQB 1, 1980.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as a state holiday in Texas on June 1, 1980. The evidence is the Juneteenth holiday was recognized as", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of British adults think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch?\nChoices: (A)20% (B)32% (C)45% (D)53%\nEvidence: kQUP\u2019s PF LEiU 49% dSnV ozoVg hifQqDBgd Xa YAcYkfM lI rSSnt ZkE IyS fwAWNttvd. fX gan PPZP nPXJkkb, Xw GBq KGGaf wdxS 50% CpiFiMC PtdP cWg KSuB YQorG BYP aZtHT El yiZ UNdIeHFzyu. bw jCDom, 33% JZxPswbw nf rKc nyaA. mxYvoA yLx-YFABNx btwz pMeut GR glC AjzwFog KL EPcQ-neICytfF wDWUtJQvKw xN fTw lLDrfOqdmo, RGV WU ocQqr, YiRV MLV Wx vnXM smwVFWM sWr ZGNIYf Imp IoGgu fBPHfLpqohVJM.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that 49% of British adults think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch. The evidence also shows that among the adults who think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch, 49% of them think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch. The evidence also shows that among the adults who think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch, 32% of them think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch. The evidence also shows that among the adults who think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch, 45% of them think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch. The evidence also shows that among the adults who think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch, 53% of them think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch. The evidence also shows that among the adults who think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch, 45% of them think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch. The evidence also shows that among the adults who think that King Charles is", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which Constitutional Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States?\nChoices: (A)4th Amendment (B)9th Amendment (C)13th Amendment (D)19th Amendment\nEvidence: HLs 13Eb TGRBuouVh, jOrIslYc XO cJJnowAJ 6, 1865, qrQmLDQhHH GmmoaRNia QdvDwPT WPHYxdV Kq hEI rRChOO pGPlcg.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which city will host the 2024 Democratic National Convention?\nChoices: (A)Atlanta (B)New York (C)Milwaukee (D)Chicago\nEvidence: vsC 2024 QUrKNijBBD HQevMZgi VSCXpyaOGg oHkA lq AAtN dN HVnyJKv, TDnzk MZl kTmvN ztbF cuhCTvjonT uROubrfb vNKfBGrCxB pMO UoaZjtAZr ItQ EmwK boXjXOdQB.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Chicago. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 2024. The evidence is that the Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago in 20", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: President Joe Biden\u2019s dog, Commander, has been involved in several biting incidents, according to the US Secret Service. Which breed of dog is Commander?\nChoices: (A)German Shepherd (B)Goldendoodle (C)Border Collie (D)Siberian Husky\nEvidence: kkg 22-SMBxr-NoP ZILyrk holiYCMY gQ WgiKGJoCC ohx rqSEgCkm CCrpv ljAkY wDZSb ZCTelkRRA QpyowN xUWRVUHN uJCWg uVpDhz hM AcP mAYzEZCj.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "German Shepherd. Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that Commander is a German Shepherd. The evidence is", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Saudi Arabian football club Al Hilal put in a record \u00a3259 million transfer bid for which French player?\nChoices: (A)Eduardo Camavinga (B)Olivier Giroud (C)Kylian Mbapp\u00e9 (D)Antoine Griezmann\nEvidence: icG 24-dcOd-tfs opgqVas\u2019s dPbq HKvpE ArmaT-IVVsDCg NLZJNMlQBm iGVP ngi iYoIk bxJ sWOvnd Mwry ObJczlMNOX Lg fjCvh KZ fEZ iIanm RbIgfXTGl pTo AeWhB, xnR rKDxZi wbiXb GCXHZIR oTRTzN AOp SpMGIyi LS swkoO MWYeqrzyphQb. yJA RrxKFZYH xGOp hHV DbXGHg KZwV Je iPF lv uJyhCX ZUSR wSOW.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is Eduardo Camavinga, who is a Colombian footballer. The question is about a Saudi Arabian football club Al Hilal put in a record \u00a3259 million transfer bid for which French player? The answer is Kylian Mbapp\u00e9. The question is Saudi Arabian football club Al Hilal put in a record \u00a3259 million transfer bid for which French player? The answer is Kylian Mbapp\u00e9. The question is Saudi Arabian football club Al Hilal put in a record \u00a3259 million transfer bid for which French player? The answer is Kylian Mbapp\u00e9. The question is Saudi Arabian football club Al Hilal put in a record \u00a3259 million transfer bid for which French player? The answer is Kylian Mbapp\u00e9. The question is Saudi Arabian football club Al Hilal put in a record \u00a3259 million transfer bid for which French player? The answer is Kylian Mbapp\u00e9. The question is Saudi Arabian football club Al Hilal put in a record \u00a3259 million transfer bid for which French player? The answer is Kylian Mbapp\u00e9. The question is Saudi Arabian football club Al Hilal put in a", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards?\nChoices: (A)Iga \u015awi\u0105tek (B)Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (C)Katie Ledecky (D)Alexia Putellas\nEvidence: nGF 36-hkJD-qWI nXLflmzl bFnccAlv GEwA a XbOoa Vujd RNWNHpXZ wvuDNlo iYEmP aVPWJEZ, mAYuFo tgDh oXS pcUQkhO ghV 400m wbYVXmj DTxmFi-QTEEie mgmHHr SsRirpiZhF-JFNjsfB. JYGBus BUzVT mSO UZFkS NPsgBaCUS ZR hBm HcCf bU uUK MmYfky QH vcuUt QS qEjUjS.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Katie Ledecky. The evidence is that Katie Ledecky was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards. The evidence is that Alexia Putellas was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards. The evidence is that Iga witek was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards. The evidence is that Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards. The evidence is that Katie Ledecky was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards. The evidence is that Alexia Putellas was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards. The evidence is that Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards. The evidence is that Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards. The evidence is that Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce was named sportswoman of", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: How many times will media mogul Rupert Murdoch have been wed following his upcoming marriage to US radio personality Ann Lesley Smith?\nChoices: (A)Two (B)Three (C)Five (D)Six\nEvidence: NqD 92-xHfw-Vri InfPPNBzYFS iAa LErsu, 66, pY ObY qK vFA AnU VNq WlvtnBoW NcNT zkKHPwLYU, UBac DLVB a iZLL shFDm eEq vrXRcIV hsUS gaXDMV FGjB wDSfS iDzf Mhz DMWOOcdRA.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Murdoch has been married three times, and he will be married five times following his upcoming marriage to Smith. The evidence shows that Murdoch has been married three times, and Murdoch will be married five times following his upcoming marriage to Smith. The evidence shows that Murdoch has been married three times, and Murdoch will be married five times following his upcoming marriage to Smith. The evidence shows that Murdoch has been married three times, and Murdoch will be married five times following his upcoming marriage to Smith. The evidence shows that Murdoch has been married three times, and Murdoch will be married five times following his upcoming marriage to Smith. The evidence shows that Murdoch has been married three times, and Murdoch will be married five times following his upcoming marriage to Smith. The evidence shows that Murdoch has been married three times, and Murdoch will be married five times following his upcoming marriage to Smith. The evidence shows that Murdoch has been married three times, and Murdoch will be married five times following his upcoming marriage to Smith. The evidence shows that Murdoch has been married three times, and Murdoch will be married five times following his upcoming marriage to Smith. The evidence shows that Mur", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: President Joe Biden green lit a massive oil drilling venture in Alaska this week. What is it called?\nChoices: (A)The Birch Project (B)The Willow Project (C)The Spruce Plan (D)The Cedar Plan\nEvidence: pvg OEenx ZBDFwydPjFsRqp VodtKmzw mtZ QWveKCOnAOCdz VfCgGt Xnnajhq bk lEsxvF. jy Yx a uOhbGTb vsV taRIQRP-EZwt kjf uFPCwCeK RHBsoKz rh wUqhED\u2019s CvjLV EYbHg El nxu PkrhZVtR vnTSQaQqs pmeSBSQ, qVKoq mb hsbYQ xz uLq XTVqPWG ZAbJEeDJvm.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Birch Project. The Birch Project is a massive oil drilling venture in Alaska this week. What is it called? Question: President Joe Biden green lit a massive oil drilling venture in Alaska this week. What is it called? Choices: (A)The Birch Project (B)The Willow Project (C)The Spruce Plan (D)The Cedar Plan Evidence: pvg OEenx ZBDFwydPjFsRqp VodtKmzw mtZ QWveKCOnAOCdz VfCgGt Xnnajhq bk lEsxvF. jy Yx a uOhbGTb vsV taRIQRP-EZwt kjf uFPCwCeK RHBsoKz rh wUqhED\u2019s CvjLV EYbHg El nxu PkrhZVtR vnTSQaQqs pmeSBSQ, qVKoq mb hsbYQ ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store?\nChoices: (A)Greggs (B)McDonald\u2019s (C)Pret a Manger (D)KFC\nEvidence: VFa idgkEFB QwHYCB XJWsv Dk cCp scN a vxfbdyccS QuvNFnTS tvPU BGpbWHElSOK PMkvLYW NQPGv GUpoI ABJNkg eDqIqgwZxY KB OGQq PFE Sudz XS PbA DAfEwmAv PgLYEi OLKsKE xnELv 11RQ. iiU jXzVpdhIdpo fUI xzwuDZjE UUWN Dknv Vxhom lvzJDj HjGZfn AFzF nIDesyR OMvP-mXMYy VdHKPiG NBUOl SJriKE twoGBvgw \u201cXCPEV qkt WmhqVWcq\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Pret a Manger. The evidence is that Pret a Manger is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that Pret a Manger is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that Pret a Manger is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that Pret a Manger is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that Pret a Manger is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that Pret a Manger is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that Pret a Manger is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that Pret a Manger is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store.", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Why did Prince Harry make a surprise appearance in London this week?\nChoices: (A)To attend a High Court hearing (B)To attend a charity event (C)To rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation (D)For relationship-building talks with Prince William\nEvidence: jMR pcSoPaIXGe-OEZdq QruER GgJtpuaq lsfYYyuT By a uZHtaxG xzNi No LjB sRJNB pYUs-UAKFHNp hUpFBxV \u2013 bhOdtqzUM IcpFu bGTz, wxm nzbagc ovS DemOw cnsSz \u2013 cCcM yDiKBWv CxtXfPe eDeUGAqXpA HCiLfiZucQ tkxgPsW aWn hmjyJib wkPwDda niHEpQFX.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Prince Harry\u2019s surprise appearance in London this week was to rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation. Prince Harry\u2019s surprise appearance in London this week was to rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation. Prince Harry\u2019s surprise appearance in London this week was to rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation. Prince Harry\u2019s surprise appearance in London this week was to rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation. Prince Harry\u2019s surprise appearance in London this week was to rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation. Prince Harry\u2019s surprise appearance in London this week was to rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation. Prince Harry\u2019s surprise appearance in London this week was to rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation. Prince Harry\u2019s surprise appearance in London this week was to rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation. Prince Harry\u2019s surprise appearance in London this week was to rehearse his role in", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Drive-in movies were a popular summer pastime in the \u201850s and \u201860s. When did the first drive-in movie theater open in the US?\nChoices: (A)1920s (B)1930s (C)1940s (D)1950s\nEvidence: NuM JGbsMz iUyZk-CE Mq DZfgnu, oLa nXKHsD EGZoWE SR NDfy gP 1933. Jff CBYzP fC fNDtfaEQu AFM 25 VbBFD wvx MPO kqA won 25 LTAFT Nvw AFIhnx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933. The first drive-in movie theater opened in 1933.", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The Church of England is selling off what kind of shares to \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Travel and tourism (B)Oil and gas (C)Defence and arms (D)Luxury retail\nEvidence: wyp REYsAo JU BxKCDHu oX fimYwWI mMN eNmFoyrAvIE ga dz, UIEvk fhv LFtPz TkC HDi xdb vhNdjB rCALMzD prSq SY ukx \u201cNPUXXLw ijj\u2019s kEskIoCw\u201d. VZopBjZDyx Ci meueyIVCmZ HzVUuq jRuGX, a JjDQlR ysm qFTIiOYq NOjehH, mfFS ZmW uksThYB leZSGJ \u201cTwYgWDQAI cXk zJgaLI ua HCYd fA\u201d. BTC 10 WIorKR ikp kUXl IK vPir bJPc VyJ, pwLY Mi jn ELo MAmQL JXZnlMQZ MKhWLkjHHK.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The Church of England is selling off shares in luxury retail. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: On July 4, 1776, the Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence at a meeting in which city?\nChoices: (A)Baltimore (B)Philadelphia (C)Boston (D)New York\nEvidence: pCr BiQidglSWwP ArMvIvoa lMRHiCB oii dJsfFBdFcWD ln bMnxcpwzQkzz KdLeO bWVstTj um UqaCFsMgeKRS Uk Ont lMpdfqrNefVe dSiCW pfTeh \u2013 CXT ZBhGRHrhkrPt PZtG.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Philadelphia. Question: On July 4, 1776, the Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence at a meeting in which city? Choices: (A)Baltimore (B)Philadelphia (C)Boston (D)New York Evidence: pCr BiQidglSWwP ArMvIvoa lMRHiCB oii dJsfFBdFcWD ln bMnxcpwzQkzz KdLeO bWVstTj um UqaCFsMgeKRS Uk Ont lMpdfqrNefVe dSiCW pfTeh \u2013 CXT ZBhGRHrhkrPt PZtG. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Philadelphia. Question: On July 4, 1776, the Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence at a meeting in which city? Choices: (A)Baltimore (B)Philadelphia (C)Boston (D)New York Evidence: pCr Bi", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which members of the Royal Family were involved in what they called a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week?\nChoices: (A)Princess Anne and Timothy Laurence (B)Prince William and Catherine, Princess of Wales (C)Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex (D)King Charles III and Queen Camilla\nEvidence: EDS aRyt zpo mTscQiF Tk AsSJGX TfRZ VArU CSvV Twkp hYOM ERtuIghT UU a \u201cOKpN vhVFIyGAErHL ISG JwsuR\u201d ygyCtVlFJ vQenGYgLw fQZRRCFEHxbWX jL YBS OxZu. NA a QjlmLeSGC, UdVl rhyFaEHQC RktRP ksdAPZYplXaQ XGEloiE Dq a HkxY mt ABYTKkqgr Gs qcIylOv-PhO YiRXQwXv rhU rhc NxLBW. sAH iBGv lNoc WmIfCY GAdYgZoll RuBG fgLiy xtd kCjHL SFLRBm\u2019s qbzyUpm Nvk BfIBMgtQAEl, WHQyK cyII OH GdwFweir AVIWnnNNsu, cagKtutMe, swYOLEyH sV ezUbuVg.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the Royal Family was involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence also shows that the Royal Family was involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence also shows that the Royal Family was involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence also shows that the Royal Family was involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence also shows that the Royal Family was involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence also shows that the Royal Family was involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence also shows that the Royal Family was involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence also shows that the Royal Family was involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence also shows that the Royal Family was involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence also shows that the Royal Family was involved in", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Michael van Gerwen has made Premier League Darts history by winning the tournament how many times?\nChoices: (A)Four (B)Six (C)Seven (D)Nine\nEvidence: KZW IemPp jgAb njry EsXJLE vlNrq 11-5 zz boT diA yLCFuxW roSEih hKiQu PVfgP EA oXQEyp\u2019s 02 UaHUn jf zoLVtXcY. DkF ejvdkA sqfDP oWx XLqYcM obbDqC HuZq ZBh-bHZKo kncUAF lnkX YBcUgn.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts nine times. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of times Michael van Gerwen has won the Premier League Darts. The evidence is the number of", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The FBI this week said people should avoid using which public technology?\nChoices: (A)Airport Wi-Fi (B)Gas station ATMs (C)Phone charging stations (D)Car charging stations\nEvidence: vBd ceP JkYJcZ vNPuPs SosgGdd INGpH cwUnyk eCGxX TOQdhcbA GMosCSOu mC DNmlG Tj kGAzD HNPcTlvp TovhE tgUgPKu pH ZPvlQPAsR DhmsBQRI.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the best choice. The evidence is that airport Wi-Fi is the", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus?\nChoices: (A)RSV (B)Flu (C)Covid-19 (D)Measles\nEvidence: afr bhU Hr OhjsUaHjL xcUkcnsl IoGviY\u2019s nAO DWPQSRQ FvM uPLdI vqGPeg, NUU YTPqjx EOyv IrNe OQVzxmkp CNo mKN lbRlU.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is that the vaccine is for RSV. The evidence is", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The Federal Trade Commission announced this week it is suing which company, alleging it tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its paid subscription service?\nChoices: (A)DoorDash (B)Disney (C)Walmart (D)Amazon\nEvidence: CXq jhb Xf nqsvj cIHQao, jVQqYVAn dFjS rzF e-ZsqLmlpW tcOkn Ffr aRyuxXX UeimzFYe Yr UAjOCiyhh VwXW avnoFiX PU qiL RcN vQzJX HNcZEqrozzuT kpccgfC pWYirMb PGOcqxuOD GOzD yEhHSvRKP MiSTjZY. KDp STuBaZGMG HPNE RFLYV KPT pl Kczgkr LRO FtNoOtqwq mqXGol uS YOpd AClVl PoxOvRudIk DuI lkSeiE fl hxoHoz sPYCB pqONBIOaEvm.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorDash. The evidence shows that the company is DoorD", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Ford is recalling about 176,000 vehicles over difficult-to-reach seatbelts. Which model is being recalled?\nChoices: (A)F-150 (B)Mustang (C)Bronco (D)Escape\nEvidence: OWp uOiX QuEZjr BK hbDgR NhfLMuHF tfnhPgQ cCauXQ wzG hrS \u201cDbTffXDsHyw\u201d nWNekk Mv NVJ fFH huIfZRzSt, umq KHqJaLVY gGlHnOx ILDmSHX AYbxEx qHwhPuaNRMJoVz RDob.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Escape. The Bronco is not being recalled. The F-150 is not being recalled. The Mustang is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The Bronco is not being recalled. The Escape is not being recalled. The", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which university\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House?\nChoices: (A)University of Texas (B)University of Georgia (C)University of Oklahoma (D)University of Oregon\nEvidence: RsS sjekqUM LGSpYKeI EhDJqFbn obKV uDlntwyX rs kSVbISQbGx nD ihmue peC RMRVJ RvZTk ShUe gZenT pZ YwWfUkzha lJbaE rdKYmm KrJitSTZBRN MpKnudOw rWVBuuBXyNpU, fVIwXq \u201cRAi eCql ppKaaxbyh Ai iRu MgiptYTs ecalG suo dmSbZFC-tXfMaaj kpgLoGrC JON puNE mO lnkV.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "University of Texas. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Texas football team declined an invitation this week", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Revellers pelted each other with more than 10,000kg of what food at a festival in the Colombian town of Sutamarch\u00e1n?\nChoices: (A)Tomatoes (B)Rice (C)Bananas (D)Cooked pasta\nEvidence: VyY VXLR ztzTDesQ RNgRwkRZ fjqNnupral iGw xTK BT iNE wyDqHrF JrUqrx. xpO QiXDAs memU evesC cWH NyhnDkDml jlBhxH wuA YbMunaYD qQp YWWInTaD Mwo a 15Du rYyhllM Ej qNyxzD.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B, rice. Revellers pelted each other with more than 10,000kg of what food at a festival in the Colombian town of Sutamarch\u00e1n? Choices: (A)Tomatoes (B)Rice (C)Bananas (D)Cooked pasta Evidence: VyY VXLR ztzTDesQ RNgRwkRZ fjqNnupral iGw xTK BT iNE wyDqHrF JrUqrx. xpO QiXDAs memU evesC cWH NyhnDkDml jlBhxH wuA YbMunaYD qQp YWWInTaD Mwo a 15Du rYyhllM Ej qNyxzD. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B, rice. Revellers pelted each other with more than 10,000kg of what food at a festival in the Colombian town of Sutam", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Scientists have warned that a 5,000-mile-long mass of what species of seaweed is drifting towards Florida\u2019s coast?\nChoices: (A)Cladophora (B)Ulva (C)Sargassum (D)Fucus\nEvidence: GMU blkCQ pndsKBkj rCPHoEyQJ ZYxi iUDnVyI BJwG GPoh xPAsdQ Xf fuO ohPQ Dd zopWMe XdN DP ZW kYWpPK Pv qxbtN CgRWImL gARwQt DKk PnmfFe\u2019s xYqVwfM WKPBYd hJfSra. yv OCxY yK WUxXRGKk dRaxS Si rLCzD KKVJIdrzCp, YzTse uYvgqV IkYdlb gCs ypqrRuK WpyCSpK yMOpx CWpDx EEwSe nvVO nSj tk GUEjiWI uu LrcoNY. PFPi OiZ ZgCU HWTO XaD Qmkd djFXxnNBb SEavxTu.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Cladophora is a genus of seaweeds, and Ulva is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds. Fucus is a genus of seaweeds", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date?\nChoices: (A)December 1, 2023 (B)June 1, 2024 (C)January 1, 2025 (D)April 1, 2025\nEvidence: VSM XWHrI pusvY CVxWFyQurURmqO uT KfhgzqXGV nf HYBB a ouGt dK ZHwxIZh TVC NJQHqQ\u2019s WiPz Hvykg LpKYjju AxPbVjh 1, 2025, cX HvvniUPic AmLJ cJ HAkwIPN a mSdmXclMQnEC YJNEggo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the bill passed the House of Representatives through January 1, 2025, and that the debt limit suspension bill was signed into law by the President on January 1, 2025. The evidence also shows that the debt limit suspension bill was passed by the House of Representatives through June 1, 2024, and that the bill was signed into law by the President on June 1, 2024. The evidence also shows that the debt limit suspension bill was passed by the House of Representatives through January 1, 2025, and that the bill was signed into law by the President on January 1, 2025. The evidence also shows that the debt limit suspension bill was passed by the House of Representatives through January 1, 2025, and that the bill was signed into law by the President on January 1, 2025. The evidence also shows that the debt limit suspension bill was passed by the House of Representatives through January 1, 2025, and that the bill was signed into law by the President on January 1, 2025. The evidence also shows that the debt limit suspension bill was passed by the House of Representatives through January 1, 2025, and that the bill was signed into law by the President on January 1, 2025. The evidence also shows that the debt limit suspension bill", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Italian town of Portofino is banning tourists from doing what?\nChoices: (A)Lingering in photogenic spots (B)Taking alcoholic drinks into the sea (C)Kissing in public (D)Wearing short shorts\nEvidence: mQz AgEhLgP BwBFIZM BzkZ ca EiNPEuiCHeR smMhK un lb UL \u20ac275 iZu ollEzfHpE Cj jlMTvKZDAB HR-iifJnid qmlxV, oo a Bhj Iq jkjPKYi bQbMZQ HMdfdSbWy nsNJOr HD yCOsnAXr zzUvzw LLiUS nQn BSBEXCS.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that the Italian town of Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is banning tourists from doing what? Portofino is", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which state was sued by the Justice Department this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border?\nChoices: (A)California (B)Arizona (C)New Mexico (D)Texas\nEvidence: yug UPxzxxI LQMUVhuERr No pcOzi ux eOGnW YQEIc Ud jVtFLz sHryhsOT CrFZBJVK ee bPY ezn ZivAsj, lreEW IRx. koPB OufTdD ASL XxMeOe BE VaerCZXA jm VNxQR ebULwdyA UYyx UaiYnyPZ xrCD lWA gXMJk Baag zhYGVj.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Justice Department sued the state of Arizona this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The lawsuit alleges that the barrier violates the National Environmental Policy Act and the National Historic Preservation Act. The lawsuit was filed in the US District Court for the District of Arizona. The Justice Department is suing the state of Arizona over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The lawsuit alleges that the barrier violates the National Environmental Policy Act and the National Historic Preservation Act. The lawsuit was filed in the US District Court for the District of Arizona. The Justice Department sued the state of Arizona this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The lawsuit alleges that the barrier violates the National Environmental Policy Act and the National Historic Preservation Act. The lawsuit was filed in the US District Court for the District of Arizona. The Justice Department sued the state of Arizona this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The lawsuit alleges that the barrier violates the National Environmental Policy Act and the National Historic Preservation Act. The lawsuit was filed in the US District Court for the District of Arizona. The Justice Department sued the", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship?\nChoices: (A)University of Iowa (B)Louisiana State University (C)University of South Carolina (D)University of Miami\nEvidence: yKa wRp NTvGzr EyeYWRcf vKW LTNC hQWvCvcq 102-85 YN dWd VYw qBvHiHO\u2019s rRCCx DZas LGcok\u2019s wrBwKxppGX TcmwfBBi RIulJLWPHRCJ. dschwdB, NGZgEHp KIkORN qmwq MSph HFYri Idpdb PTqr MkkJ kamkz fHDphrciV KIqj XAy vDeaa TIlwE klryI mmYxHR TweH SFY MxA ekeNzW-Am miLK VW aQXUtwrEXB xEv a IAIiq imrINReEneu.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "University of South Carolina. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The evidence is that the university recently won its first NCAA women", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Workers in which country arrived at work to find a national holiday had been declared overnight?\nChoices: (A)Lithuania (B)Estonia (C)Latvia (D)Poland\nEvidence: vgg gjrUpYz DnsaJpZcKg zYA fp lPfpLvqC Ys WUUpPLp a ZtSqHVki StFvwBO ACYcD HSF oVIMzsT\u2019s Gat PmOxBf aGZQ paa a UCgISr cuaYT nk lFU POYfS lRBsqxFRLSjgY.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". Lithuania. Question: Workers in which country arrived at work to find a national holiday had been declared overnight? Choices: (A)Lithuania (B)Estonia (C)Latvia (D)Poland Evidence: vgg gjrUpYz DnsaJpZcKg zYA fp lPfpLvqC Ys WUUpPLp a ZtSqHVki StFvwBO ACYcD HSF oVIMzsT\u2019s Gat PmOxBf aGZQ paa a UCgISr cuaYT nk lFU POYfS lRBsqxFRLSjpxFRLSjpY. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Lithuania. Question: Workers in which country arrived at work to find a national holiday had been declared overnight? Choices: (A)Lithuania (B)Estonia (C)Latvia (D)Poland Evidence: vgg gjrUpYz Dn", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which England football player scored twice in Tuesday\u2019s 6-1 win against China at the Women\u2019s World Cup?\nChoices: (A)Rachel Daily (B)Lauren Hemp (C)Lauren James (D)Alessia Russo\nEvidence: rzs bGqErWwWy DNZKtkU a dLnrz tj Qzn uKfP 16 uA ixP sQsOVBsGkv, YyMZtP zzlDS dy zkoKXjPSr kdB zlF OHyUmSL, iSTX GFPNT gr mbEPyVW LRMpAQF sFZUL, KKvxgUS TizXw, kDAeRJ rktH, qwDzZ RzZgb BcR EAhuWc fjWb.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Alessia Russo. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football player for England. Lauren James is a football", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who won the 2023 Tony Award for best leading actress?\nChoices: (A)Sheridan Smith (B)Jessica Chastain (C)Jodie Comer (D)Laura Linney\nEvidence: tiL TTAOHdUcL-DmYv LxDS gmwzQSq OYZ KQBI uuSEu Dhm sTi nYRAZkoZ PNMru wC ujo FLi-AWGpt WIxM \u201cFlnYd ZRwJt\u201d. sugQw qXoF kjk tu IfoLIxU jLIdC SDMEDGT gzRq Fros sFg CbL EVQE Zhf JwhOGjq GR KHu CZtIZmESvK.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Laura Linney. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for best leading actress. The evidence shows that Jodie Comer won the Tony Award for", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Commons standards committee this week recommended suspending which MP?\nChoices: (A)Boris Johnson (B)Chris Pincher (C)Nadine Dorries (D)Nigel Adams\nEvidence: HpQ uB rGx mJNGVEmG qpoZi ZT zaDzB-QpQn GYWLxGgcge HhSRsmoDC a MMPsTdyoN FQfOeJxkU xsruis gSFn OwMZFx bLQWGAv LjKqlCLuAKF. bZk YOQQBqgbHzrHWO oDNLZ lLZFlte a ZGWAOS ITHwQDkf br VQRraaU\u2019s pvqhQsOaJcTa, GUYINT fvE sgr Tdv a AG-LbVBEWJG.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the standards committee. The evidence is that the MP in question has been suspended from the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park?\nChoices: (A)Dartmoor (B)Lake District (C)New Forest (D)Yorkshire Dales\nEvidence: HlK pewEEPwx ilBc VxyIGXsWV lPGM CEji XOH cM tLxJyo GRubFCb a QalT DvOvy Hfrqsb DC dIsjHhM GQpG IjJpkEej yvJ gev KWju ZaF vvjLe NW WRUF Oo sqfGaeFP JdlieFT Jbo XfyhpgbAAb\u2019 bSakoNqBNm. dTw IMAOcNHy yVyh xh yDKCK me kCB mKaO QifLX sW cEFeggK tGq PQQsm FSEgz JQCO KwsTGDY dF wUzEv, oXNvP a EbdViSn-eEE xKYRV XpU.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Dartmoor. The evidence is that Dartmoor is the only English national park where the public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in. The evidence is that Dartmoor is the only English national park where the public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in. The evidence is that Dartmoor is the only English national park where the public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in. The evidence is that Dartmoor is the only English national park where the public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in. The evidence is that Dartmoor is the only English national park where the public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in. The evidence is that Dartmoor is the only English national park where the public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in. The evidence is that Dartmoor is the only English national park where the public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in. The evidence is that Dartmoor is the only English national park where the public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in. The evidence is that Dartmoor is the only English", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The World Health Organization recently warned of a \u201chuge biological risk\u201d after a laboratory was seized by fighters in which country?\nChoices: (A)Sudan (B)Iran (C)Ukraine (D)Cameroon\nEvidence: Biw GuKCVupN FrLfQP UrZNIg rSamwhNklY ook pFhQAk gwer fOoq ch vejUoAwA mq LnSyo\u2019s MJKcfWY ki BWCEslCl. A PyjY-ApfESxs PwkmFuN SMrQoK Nsxk qQK wMqX BUO EQY, sNtGS DIfodvSj jWZlAko mQ Mqratdfb Lwj SGyHp PZvnlallWQ ceVtkmrw, JDx YcvA psDnr mxis rf Xsq uGPwU JoZttRN aLxAqg, dtf GqIjwBqPDPFm BmKpG plbORCcQ uoJ iezRfTpK MXLxm fMtAYj oBN zxpjHvV Kk ffc lOWjAXg.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The World Health Organization recently warned of a \u201chuge biological risk\u201d after a laboratory was seized by fighters in which country? Choices: (A)Sudan (B)Iran (C)Ukraine (D)Cameroon Evidence: Biw GuKCVupN FrLfQP UrZNIg rSamwhNklY ook pFhQAk gwer fOoq ch vejUoAwA mq LnSyo\u2019s MJKcfWY ki BWCEslCl. A PyjY-ApfESxs PwkmFuN SMrQoK Nsxk qQK wMqX BUO EQY, sNtGS DIfodvSj jWZlAko mQ Mqratdfb Lwj SGyHp PZvnlallWQ ceVtkmrw, JDx YcvA psDnr mxis ", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Memorial Day weekend is a great time to hit the beach. Which state is known as The Ocean State?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)New Jersey (C)California (D)Rhode Island\nEvidence: zyX qXTbH GoLlB sG Xer bPaedMUF JvFSlism ys SSVAv TOHBeU. LqmBq aIQ Ykwiu Ke ozi AwrNoiaQ SM sks EeLWG, co qUrIHL CJZj 400 ZUxPn SZ yulWiHIAC.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island.", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which film star is on trial in Utah over a \u201chit and run\u201d skiing accident?\nChoices: (A)Natalie Portman (B)Salma Hayek (C)Gwyneth Paltrow (D)Michelle Pfeiffer\nEvidence: ZIy EhDvB-yPCJDIi YglKv sk pSJzU phsN qe a Bzb QuMocjs $300,000 BQ pplGEaQdCnNX Mkf YYSxjOuN OkiDyMKJV wpdSIUOTg yDXv VWx reScYhk YswZ rzb IG a NRek GTJ wMVnR MI 2016. xmBZiLF QgVDFp mlBptcC juZcPOTNpuK ysSoh omdOliaUq WqVXVzTG bTee KOz DCr Zl elnLaxozHrhh Rla \u201ca dqWyXBmb\u201d $1 Nb AGzyoRM.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Natalie Portman. The question is: Which film star is on trial in Utah over a \u201chit and run\u201d skiing accident? The evidence is: ZIy EhDvB-yPCJDIi YglKv sk pSJzU qe a Bzb QuMocjs $300,000 BQ pplGEaQdCnNX Mkf YYSxjOuN OkiDyMKJV wpdSIUOTg yDXv VWx reScYhk YswZ rzb IG a NRek GTJ wMVnR MI 2016. The question is: Which film star is on trial in Utah over a \u201chit and run\u201d skiing accident? The evidence is: ZIy EhDvB-yPCJDIi YglKv sk pSJzU qe a Bzb QuMocjs $300,000 BQ pplGEaQdCnNX Mkf YYSxj", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which fruit crop in Georgia has been severely impacted by extreme winter weather?\nChoices: (A)Strawberries (B)Blueberries (C)Peaches (D)Apples\nEvidence: iSw pZRXu Inhwh AVeu 90% tP uMu hAEFmm zbhaT qFUj UAzH vMUz LhNYx VPMnPyJeKK WfKq PdqCsv dlRxcOU MCG a bVrD-MftJYz ZBtUNi, AgXWfNpdkSV YrU.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme winter weather has severely impacted the peach crop in Georgia. The evidence is that the extreme", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which country completely shut down its airspace for several hours this week to replace malfunctioning electrical equipment?\nChoices: (A)Indonesia (B)Thailand (C)Malaysia (D)Philippines\nEvidence: kzh LYaPaTkOIOh AuZuYqG KLqc fLw IouvBxNp EH a LTD bd wyaDKL lQaRCd AwLTTwF NFUYpcz. hj hoYf StTt GjAZl, Jdt DndrU kCyCdRr oI sZB HDqhZzw NCtkMP UwnOmkvqhv iCsQL DhzZ zvlMAneH lL EymMVg ADHIKcBUfFSGW svzgkxrAi hmWy is kGCiQWtGI Po rtehrMbUuc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Indonesia. Indonesia completely shut down its airspace for several hours this week to replace malfunctioning electrical equipment. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the country\u2019s airspace. The malfunctioning electrical equipment was located in the", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show?\nChoices: (A)Anne, Princess Royal (B)The Duke of York, Prince Andrew (C)The Princess of Wales, Kate Middleton (D)The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle\nEvidence: SUT BOCvomJK Gy qPXBJ VxNGNT xbP kOExaFI ukaplb VxRH\u2019s ckZah GaHC btJKNzHx\u2019s hErcaM, tBCY pL a UviqXjXx Hc EFqAxGvyc mxITq hgfEYLlNhLANq tKSQEQv (Ycv) Oz sLYXM lYJnmS dnkcSQnHs. tXY TKKwtB CEzL jJlv kcSDHGZe UBgFmgdtVrO ifasHI XvgaPSJ fH AZlGR ybCLKHbOP yM.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the royal who made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show was Anne, Princess Royal. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess Royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The evidence shows that Anne, Princess", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The RSPCA issued a warning about a rise in escapes by which increasingly popular exotic pets?\nChoices: (A)Lizards (B)Sugar gliders (C)Tarantulas (D)Snakes\nEvidence: RIs iQTDv VSQE kAStQ pj dQW jfBEX owNxWPR vFjY Jh JT nbw-bqkJ ztyr, nEg KqOlHl PB LA ThilKbUi rkijIVjm tK tgxvMdy WKUs vCo yvxCgi vi ZNF IIKFKBzf oiFFxk jKuc mPErYi FH yzs EbNXemc. MJMk vyl WGkQ KSuW nDY mVcX MgSLSrywC QegKbzO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "snakes. Lizards are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Snakes are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Snakes are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarant", "pred": "", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: What is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III?\nChoices: (A)Shepherd's pie (B)Beef Wellington (C)Quiche (D)Blueberry scone\nEvidence: GwC QKYqI jhGwfU sex eroXVtlcWh a xRsPAL OsPJ REKe FzlyHoN, xscw TByTj Eda BrtubAxa CD Hjo ZhJmC\u2019s YoDGLgDX uphC. mtp olwTrU zYXkmIuS jHvx, QGJjN euu yZFQAtp CXAOlS, INDYxGvKO zI yVH lqaEG guHUhPn.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Shepherd's pie. Shepherd's pie is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III. The evidence is that the coronation of King Charles III is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III. The evidence is that the coronation of King Charles III is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III. The evidence is that the coronation of King Charles III is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III. The evidence is that the coronation of King Charles III is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III. The evidence is that the coronation of King Charles III is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III. The evidence is that the coronation of King Charles III is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III. The evidence is that the coronation of King Charles III is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III. The evidence is that the coronation of King Charles III is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III. The evidence is that the coronation of King Charles III is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city?\nChoices: (A)Brasilia (B)Johannesburg (C)Delhi (D)Beijing\nEvidence: kRh NHKaeRq WVTYVR IFKJ RhV cJllgq Lj LKmXWQYd yevhXG be HDLxdUSSuJdC BjDh cdjAZ, WZjUrKb seg rYzcHdoHyhI Yh wXfsIk Ju yb RAnCeiILAMtTh oTTgyGPM RGaqT (gwH) MejKYdczfW IbCVMeaf Fmb BT hjA LMfDyV. Dq a AFwjtB bC INt zFs, VJawn ZMMgKc anYXT Nyts fvwV mBpaKuS rA WSqTqI LebYN VA Pa ZMTBjhA IJr oGXsMbK, rLB KTOwAW mzT \u201cqwin ne emYkA\u201d GALC EgaP JfIND nI \u201ca DXnEjTPDRNb AQ BWM\u201d, qGvr xLghk CypeNL\u2019s ARTctWMTG, KrhsI owIXRtsch.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Johannesburg. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Delhi. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Beijing. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Brasilia. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Brasilia. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Brasilia. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Brasilia. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Brasilia. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Brasilia. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Brasilia. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in Brasilia. The evidence also shows that Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Police Scotland is facing a flood of complaints from officers over a new policy requiring them to do what?\nChoices: (A)Work longer hours (B)Undergo monthly fitness assessments (C)Stop wearing aftershave and perfume (D)Shave off beards and moustaches\nEvidence: EGU IUPCFJOI ZmZQuh BbRDmrhsMb, UUSfD UUMFSVwpTk kwyYqC VBaJwNQV, JbY MFyHFLtq dlzaM \u201cJCvgqukrQ MCJf LRvRYqQBhx\u201d UcxR hAg tIRxTE, ddOgF mgb PMxYT JrDo RJI AdlPxXqaS aR kYCy taUrX latDI DlxG yBEeJBcwxL snk3 jJpYZ HGdP gRfnpCN krbyu lN cZ mWOdr-CmXGav. GdDH qibcvwyz FQa mSgCzpqAXn dqouYQ pkfIW YyGeHR hZ BVpdiVUL IG PTh GOvX, SZU La dism MbuG rMjfkL QF 29 nmp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The new policy requires officers to stop wearing aftershave and perfume, and to shave off beards and moustaches. The new policy requires officers to stop wearing aftershave and perfume, and to shave off beards and moustaches. The new policy requires officers to stop wearing aftershave and perfume, and to shave off beards and moustaches. The new policy requires officers to stop wearing aftershave and perfume, and to shave off beards and moustaches. The new policy requires officers to stop wearing aftershave and perfume, and to shave off beards and moustaches. The new policy requires officers to stop wearing aftershave and perfume, and to shave off beards and moustaches. The new policy requires officers to stop wearing aftershave and perfume, and to shave off beards and moustaches. The new policy requires officers to stop wearing aftershave and perfume, and to shave off beards and moustaches. The new policy requires officers to stop wearing aftershave and perfume, and to shave off beards and moustaches. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The Supreme Court this week ruled Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity?\nChoices: (A)Michael Jackson (B)Prince (C)Marilyn Monroe (D)Muhammad Ali\nEvidence: URF zUtpjOq LdXea vyILl rQvWjQdH Wluh UXP WdHA CgDP OUPqLc gbaNmssjG HR a AESASmlnzKnO\u2019s LJLBghjPU YNpg tm EgVWajG a eyWyLQ qv xIri zAEWVlx NSIWm JT a rgdlayFKDv gw Piw quvA HCrVkS lHjLsw.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Michael Jackson. The Supreme Court this week ruled Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Andy Warhol infringed on a", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: How many Peloton bikes were recalled this week over a potential safety hazard?\nChoices: (A)500 (B)4,000 (C)300,000 (D)2 million\nEvidence: lKm OV yhIDHSIK poUZSqX CoDoUU ImINFhpjjk MouLBHoi 2 WDvgzHq YhROBDp xGASK hhj Vw a flxKVY yqEkjS pwklFn hl Jbj tjaGCZZRDw LJGO PPsj WBnEP qJubh DAlVMu blE Xpr BkWkZp AJa FPgxG.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B)4,000. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were recalled. The evidence is that 4,000 bikes were ", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Three retired US military veterans testified Wednesday at a House hearing on unidentified anomalous phenomena \u2014 commonly known as UFOs. Around how many UFO cases is the government tracking?\nChoices: (A)170 (B)220 (C)430 (D)650\nEvidence: Iex Ky DsMsjFbPlf LU bjcytzKE DFnjkC 650 snQ IzcqG. WSjEi Afop EX VXJKz WXg unGaz nqliSoQmutP dYf \u201cTpZlkkqIZ DWFquJhbuwq asuyu,\u201d zRxyFtGAK Ck a NKzhAIXc TOkHNrqc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. The question asks around how many UFO cases is the government tracking? The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. The question asks around how many UFO cases is the government tracking? The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. The question asks around how many UFO cases is the government tracking? The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. The question asks around how many UFO cases is the government tracking? The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. The question asks around how many UFO cases is the government tracking? The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. The question asks around how many UFO cases is the government tracking? The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. The question asks around how many UFO cases is the government tracking? The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. The question asks around how many UFO cases is the government tracking? The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. The question asks around how many", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: How many potential UFO cases is the US government currently tracking?\nChoices: (A)5 (B)60 (C)205 (D)650\nEvidence: BQW FE XmiRzrptWG CR sYIFzdGw Eagk QwzE 650 ELgtlWrIR LHS SBWQH, sEJCuEcId VZ dyR TTMzBZnI. tzyZNgS JhOCTLlrX dhQWrUHWrxC, YKJsKyYfJ xpMFYAnLCB dkHZ fjor VuEH BllQN\u2019s aO sbffvwIE wT atXxvpmwtQtcBRCm oPPZ RW hMR YoCJfQgac.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "D. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO cases. The evidence is that the US government is currently tracking 650 potential UFO", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation?\nChoices: (A)Palau (B)Tonga (C)Samoa (D)Vanuatu\nEvidence: Qyf bE VDTNUh by gHqCiQM Aj RKy azRbvNt FyJIcC ZuntmB VE gDauz Po ckJkaRh, hdnjqIjneq\u2019s xBhtMY qBdu SY lTNZGUW OTo ILXIenuWJl QOMyHYNcK pl a uuavMj GPvZL uNHzA xMY ZlWC YefmIsyTZs IJM WOUZsWaLM DI XbvOIk OdVqg.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Palau. The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? The evidence is that the US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation?", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country?\nChoices: (A)England (B)Spain (C)France (D)Mexico\nEvidence: nFr bD isaheCcJp 828,000 FbYwFO BGJsE cv UltJ Iakq zl rvG GjRNRXEWwtC cLbqC CBKE zjkMIh rAN $15 PAjrjZM \u2013 PuBiKYxS San MDTp Oi anp mOlYcF.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The evidence shows that the US", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The United Nations commemorated World Refugee Day on Tuesday. According to UN estimates, approximately how many refugees are there worldwide?\nChoices: (A)35 million (B)50 million (C)85 million (D)120 million\nEvidence: yzb yNhLWX BwISLIR fdea lFuXnvNQXQoE ZOn DaJrJrvz rVgBrrDkZ wkI wpoomg QT hwLPOgWG IcDhFyWXP Zd zMyxqyaIXjp 35 bNOZpYP DxkOpB \u2014 bNVkSBYj yMlG AcKrus emrO TcU dBZvaJb CbN TlwToFUO jd jMPRzMoQ elIBXINhB rkKnAP VBD luiK PeX tpvk lnsYrgb JugnfDE QkOEDG.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that 35 million refugees are there worldwide. The evidence is that the United Nations commemorated World Refugee Day on Tuesday. The evidence is that the United Nations estimates that there are approximately 35 million refugees worldwide. The evidence is that the United Nations commemorated World Refugee Day on Tuesday. The evidence is that the United Nations estimates that there are approximately 35 million refugees worldwide. The evidence is that the United Nations commemorated World Refugee Day on Tuesday. The evidence is that the United Nations estimates that there are approximately 35 million refugees worldwide. The evidence is that the United Nations commemorated World Refugee Day on Tuesday. The evidence is that the United Nations estimates that there are approximately 35 million refugees worldwide. The evidence is that the United Nations commemorated World Refugee Day on Tuesday. The evidence is that the United Nations estimates that there are approximately 35 million refugees worldwide. The evidence is that the United Nations commemorated World Refugee Day on Tuesday. The evidence is that the United Nations estimates that there are approximately 35 million refugees worldwide. The evidence is that the United Nations commemorated World Refugee Day on Tuesday. The evidence is that the United Nations estimates that there are approximately 35 million refugees worldwide. The evidence is that", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which country is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty?\nChoices: (A)Nigeria (B)Ghana (C)Zimbabwe (D)Uganda\nEvidence: IVI fhBc ZRQZzxS QRMJbJP\u2019s WVepXYJllI xAS aZTsR ED PKfEfAx aFf NppSt KiXKUDK, IWxBESYb DY ftHxvUEz sIyupWdI ANv 176 QGloXKAVE RLVrifGWO. aX NKsnSxLjG ejtE Bqpak-aRMn hGQJgsL Ww wmy NNj rgP, pIpTn SBPY jmXbPz JPv 124FQ eDsuFf JR AqK GWMwT Bp mHIXvx Fbc Izpptcx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Nigeria. Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The evidence shows that Nigeria is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The Biden administration is monitoring a potentially major labor strike brewing in which industry?\nChoices: (A)Hospitality (B)Retail (C)Food (D)Automotive\nEvidence: Lcm iJIaC jKAJi SV AHTwvx JTuUX AN dnkxe a HWTqumdY LCkN upWyXy. PjseftX Gy a QzGqD sDKV DSYFJfA tkHKt jgXn pvIPbYoIBx TY gevVdQ SbVL Fnu rEeIFweU\u2019s hydYZqb XdStejBNHR MN Wgmkvvyo NHuhCiq IhCsgPbTgo ANc Oah tiIDjMTcO fndJsQUlh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Automotive. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The evidence is that the strike is in the automotive industry. The", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: A writers strike that began this week is impacting production on late night and scripted TV shows. How long has the union signaled that the work stoppage could last?\nChoices: (A)Days (B)Weeks (C)Months (D)Years\nEvidence: tkZ opjgDLM MGrxL dj TTPaHRn, LMqHpGBXsJSp KVkX dGBE 11,000 cmbHYea, eol IAQFpF jgST GyY TgZN oRCgydsh GAiDP aqri hIo Sdzn GVxsLB. QXO mLwF uaq ImvEEC lvA OsK 100 JmOx OBOM 2007 GE 2008.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "(B)Weeks. The evidence shows that the writers strike is impacting production on late night and scripted TV shows. The writers strike could last for (A)Days (B)Weeks (C)Months (D)Years. The evidence shows that the writers strike is impacting production on late night and scripted TV shows. The writers strike could last for (A)Days (B)Weeks (C)Months (D)Years. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is (B)Weeks. The evidence shows that the writers strike is impacting production on late night and scripted TV shows. The writers strike could last for (A)Days (B)Weeks (C)Months (D)Years. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is (B)Weeks. The evidence shows that the writers strike is impacting production on late night and scripted TV shows. The writers strike could last for (A)Days (B)Weeks (C)Months (D)Years. Answer: Based on the evidence,", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The world\u2019s last gaslit cinema is reopening in which city?\nChoices: (A)Lincoln (B)Liverpool (C)Leicester (D)Leeds\nEvidence: Laf yvNpNUEQw AOSG\u2019s dQvc OLql QMXZlmA OIPfV OmkTAPDU Su KPqkHO 30 CzJs kuboz a \u00a34.8 ILUEEXQ pmIvjbKMyuh. dcb dQcQox EqlgB neTmqY qXQ rgAKj rm 1914, vEAs hgl pGrsJT TjUQMivVF Fz rtLPp \u201cLGHfRDgZnNEqT onkkTlGCD\u201d CV HnqtKaI.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln. The evidence is that the cinema is reopening in Lincoln.", "pred": "", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which Hollywood star has become a father again at the age of 79?\nChoices: (A)Harrison Ford (B)Al Pacino (C)Robert De Niro (D)Morgan Freeman\nEvidence: XMi CSrsA VlfuYUsR hktU ehqG CpFB RP rTr NUE TIvkSofMKQ, tsZfCBK BHeN kkbPYLGsfD jrbaIOT vagf, mtgQ zthWCStQIqi neC SYevT Sg OdlGm KnxdoRpj, fdn bfiUyAFE kdHk-rE TYhc. oi ort wDI PgjJd xepGRdED, jXQtS nkVX mNqec vg tDs qnBR 11 Ek 51.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Which Hollywood star has become a father again at the age of 79? Choices: (A)Harrison Ford (B)Al Pacino (C)Robert De Niro (D)Morgan Freeman Evidence: XMi CSrsA VlfuYUsR hktU ehqG CpFB RP rTr NUE TIvkSofMKQ, tsZfCBK BHeN kkbPYLGsfD jrbaIOT vagf, mtgQ zthWCStQIqi neC SYevT Sg OdlGm KnxdoRpj, fdn bfiUyAFE kdHk-rE TYhc. oi ort wDI PgjJd xepGRdED, jXQtS nkVX mNqec vg tDs qnBR 11 Ek 51. Answer:", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What type of eco-friendly funeral option is becoming available in the UK this year?\nChoices: (A)\u201cBoil in the bag\u201d water cremations (B)Human composting (C)\u201cCannibal\u201d funerals (D)\u201cBurn to earn\u201d energy-generating cremations\nEvidence: JyW tsosSxukbnT oT bgcibhPecZD JuvNcRHOt pWr tqjSAP QQjr UngEob xfN QL\u2019s ngMSv ikb Vqosw rxnLaG ui VYCThS vJftMBNC vNNKX asI WFOHoKPIr rKK Jo 1902. dZw LKaUtFm crkhDAKT qkiZHOuHJx a pbho mk a IEZ Ke 160C RfCXO WbBxKyv rbhs Ds KWtGDB mhr LjD a Kxlke nOveYF eBxUeGSLw NFFM MIQ-GmWDT DxBYzMuOS.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming available in the UK this year is human composting. The evidence shows that the type of eco-friendly funeral option becoming", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by doing what, according to a newly published University College London study?\nChoices: (A)Slowing age-related brain shrinkage (B)Improving blood flow to the hippocampus (C)Strengthening neural pathways (D)Boosting Dopamine levels\nEvidence: IwH ecVbUzcV Qu npTS dH mLVxFy GNwC 40 NU 69 AykgTo JXmXisoh brYG SEzW tsPLZM uYqrM mgmWOi UXThUZIDuR ub Je jZ 6.5 uMEUl EdoSr tS KLioSH. tcEl rUn rDDF RCau tHd eQIh cGLpQwYGY HMxilkd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by strengthening neural pathways. The study found that short daily", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Latest analysis by Reporters Without Borders (RSF) found that which country ranks lowest for press freedom?\nChoices: (A)Vietnam (B)China (C)Iran (D)North Korea\nEvidence: oOB vEJVQvRN EI fwIDo jWKVkbD wu 180 sYyaxQmrI TSL SyvbbTvomLv Nnv ZUi SLfpEA NUBkaGO fV nUfV qKmmj Nj oxY IEgyyW GQCmS EmJQy CChjPID ezPRv, NrodxlEc yB OInkuyd AHa UoVsh. GuduVG zdlgOD dyO llBPGjX bXy zxQ WOQSDuB cXnn wp a hHs.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Vietnam. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam ranks lowest for press freedom. Vietnam", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which state is now home to America\u2019s highest gas prices, taking the crown from California?\nChoices: (A)Hawaii (B)Washington (C)Alaska (D)Mississippi\nEvidence: ACY EdhpghU EVyJ vW jhwUGjk GODkEBGy FU zlqvzCVIAH pFn GfNIEk ob CCZm cDOd 30 SBSUm Tv Ntv VmKB UvrrZ nK nrdx vQUq $4.90 a GhyuOi, hekUeTZZd MG RUl. Wor SX dTwJquuwLq PS vEHdED 10 IWrAy tJNBfYX.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Hawaii. The evidence shows that Hawaii is now home to America\u2019s highest gas prices, taking the crown from California. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas prices are now in Hawaii. The evidence also shows that the highest gas", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Watermelon is a popular summertime treat. About what percentage of a watermelon is water?\nChoices: (A)90% (B)80% (C)75% (D)50%\nEvidence: OvT WKgjQuo IWBnLJwIRL RM yspPQ 92% btdAs.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Choices: (A)90% (B)80% (C)75% (D)50% Evidence: OvT WKgjQuo IWBnLJwIRL RM yspPQ 92% btdAs. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Choices: (A)90% (B)80% (C)75% (D)50% Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Choices: (A)90% (B)80% (C)75% (D)50% Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Choices: (A)90% (B)80% (C)75% (D)50% Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Choices: (A)90% (B)80% (C)75% (D)50% Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Choices: (A)90% (B)80% (C)75% (D)50", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Earth saw its hottest day on record this week. What was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records?\nChoices: (A)62.9\u00b0F (B)75.5\u00b0F (C)99.9\u00b0F (D)130.2\u00b0F\nEvidence: mWm EZJtrAB KSzaSrRIy aOsxnCuSAzj dc QaURsJS hdJJgcQ a uMl wRqT nh 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). ZLsdS NcY Fqc 60s QBi jQv HDotw cPpc dxX nz sqY pxPrqYqa qP dykOEWctR hBXddfsn OOTwaUo a zcqbcs YcET FdXR, eHU wSfSKm na wpOrrS a cLmW oSRVOg hGMHZgA PiAdh aaV hElfrQf HOFifblMlTI rZyKYEk 1979 QGa 2000 Afn sJypEYDkcf a eaJ pBjJFRclh dbYA OTnMF\u2019s pAkErKK Bk jFZiYCY UD yGJcfM sSTM rzjxTPohHkV.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question asks what was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records. The answer is 62.9\u00b0F. The question ask", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: According to sources, the spy balloon that was shot down over the US earlier this year was able to transmit information back to which country in real time?\nChoices: (A)Russia (B)China (C)North Korea (D)India\nEvidence: Gto DpQCwxu xyK hIAX mA JyrzZtfX GmXVZxOJcBi ZECP fW kOsZurf af kNEM gYtO, a MyZmML SbnT Qvs, dqY rYx HE pCniiZBzhs FLdFf GpwP CTj EkfY dEh XiJK HTlHXxx uHF RfDkUUN jDzsgwLOui qvtjM ugFd wHq VqxZwUf\u2019s cMMU xi yH oQEmriFB zY.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Russia. The spy balloon was shot down over the US earlier this year. The spy balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The spy balloon was shot down over the US earlier this year. The spy balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The spy balloon was shot down over the US earlier this year. The spy balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The spy balloon was shot down over the US earlier this year. The spy balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The spy balloon was shot down over the US earlier this year. The spy balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The spy balloon was shot down over the US earlier this year. The spy balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The spy balloon was shot down over the US earlier this year. The spy balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The spy balloon was shot down over the US earlier this year. The spy balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The spy balloon was shot down over the US earlier this year. The spy balloon was able to transmit", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: UK ministers and civil servants have been banned from having which social media app on their work phones?\nChoices: (A)WhatsApp (B)Twitter (C)Instagram (D)TikTok\nEvidence: SqA wDZ yq GaxSY YXF SQqSJaw-EPerI dcOGC pbv mZ tmMxlFlzfT LqoQxib ZbQQQby a UAxhxv ov AvG ZSjzkOSm VBvgo bUfVBZri YairBH qUj AuQIHK qXj tD oe iMFy iLDz auS gZ, gdHvZr uNt qUC rd, nQUa FHcnFXtly NgblkoEfI ZPzr onKacgm.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "TikTok. The evidence is WhatsApp, Twitter, Instagram, and TikTok. WhatsApp is banned. TikTok is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned. Instagram is banned.", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which sports governing body has banned transgender women from elite female competitions?\nChoices: (A)International Tennis Federation (B)World Athletics Council (C)Fifa (International Federation of Association Football) (D)World Professional Boxing Federation\nEvidence: wGk tcu, mInal PypaI QTbA bcXkWj sw 31 NybIo, XQXDXFn TE uzNUDBWSgRN RgzCF ebB Azeu OiHEgEQKM yskP UItVXqL. uIs fzjTJJhVm jyZY\u2019s mdkEPaBEb, aFs hao, tjuU Qfi xyhXuHWxEUyvr PMneMTrw UmI XzJo YSbDM sF \u201cKmIaEqQ SHf OxCwsv fF EdL JhbKiY HDoRHzgk\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "International Tennis Federation. The International Tennis Federation (ITF) has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF is the governing body of tennis. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from elite female competitions. The ITF has banned transgender women from", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which US author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication?\nChoices: (A)Sue Monk Kidd (B)Elizabeth Gilbert (C)Helen DeWitt (D)Rachel Cusk\nEvidence: hmV UlVw-HEJPjOE klyqOH dS \u201cIsj, nbBM, sGoG\u201d KyuhO Dkq fQMCAOjpTu Zd hyroGdNI oVE XfHZjMVmXHy Lk fqu AIlEp \u201cHQG iPYg MrMLXU\u201d, mwTTX Vb MmT CY 20Uv UVyAnkx KhDsWCN, oKQtVVRBk a oBGdepTv xYxC sKjESyNgP Fyiwsci. BIww uYO ECmk ZOnV OgV vsPl HxMUZuIGN dXIafVd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "(C)Helen DeWitt. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication. The evidence is that the author", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which singer-songwriter got an on-stage spooky surprise when a keyboard began playing by itself during a gig?\nChoices: (A)Beyonc\u00e9 (B)Adele (C)Taylor Swift (D)John Mayer\nEvidence: aiA AtuhJ-RNsKZv urt XBLunBM PtjBpP CsQp IKa fYVdLgvP xLsFb DdEXLUF hNAiD SV LgxrIm kSddYu kdL jij vJKa rdWg bB nZDKrzURtUTEh. yopte IKBpUUvqzQuz WUSXJtIzg fNUY ZIw mxIDLBBrU duxyxEyHH paWnKXWNDI TRu qxLTSplwxDwaU zMqdo nDUsX unhClHf tW IYUb bKtJBb a yZmiegPE CGjvyNS.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Beyonc\u00e9. Evidence: aiA AtuhJ-RNsKZv urt XBLunBM PtjBpP CsQp IKa fYVdLgvP xLsFb DdEXLUF hNAiD SV LgxrIm kSddYu kdL jij vJKa rdWg bB nZDKrzURtUTEh. yopte IKBpUUvqzQuz WUSXJtIzg fNUY ZIw mxIDLBBrU duxyxEyHH paWnKXWNDI TRu qxLTS. pY vJKa rdWg bB nZDKrzURtUTEh. yopte IKBpUUvqzQuz WUSXJtIzg fNUY ZIw mxIDLBBrU duxyxEyHH paWnKXW", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which cruise line recently had a ship battered by an intense storm that left water and objects flowing down interior hallways?\nChoices: (A)Royal Caribbean (B)Carnival (C)Norwegian (D)Princess\nEvidence: wqk nwpnHd IrTz qvPyxjcO lINQUbvD CiJ zgiQGr Yw a RimOB LGhW TOhrKq bLdNbQiK TAAyF hUqLsR sKT LYtlAMO jyX MArDiv IP fatp nv ZjBEy AObngLAy.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship was a Carnival cruise ship. The evidence is that the ship", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The Supreme Court blocked the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan that aimed to deliver up to $20,000 of relief to millions of borrowers. How many Supreme Court justices ruled against the program?\nChoices: (A)5 (B)6 (C)7 (D)8\nEvidence: XLJ QURJqhjc loj 6-3 STQK eqSKL pfusEhF pNgU iLwPKwe CUfEaBT sNx dsEHvzh Giv kUM rjKPKRDuGXGM jTlzknDGZMAJV. mdH pNUXh uqfaqjA EoHQOlZwuZ \u2014 TXMyPIYk eUkqi boHlI, JCXHY zRuIvSCBR, ATD fuXjrNj cutdT eBhPCqU \u2014 xxWm CPM vVHCzkLf aA CbCJqUcbH pjSLMt HPXYKkdEo JubJqVghb.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan was blocked by the Supreme Court. The evidence shows that the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan was blocked by the Supreme Court. The evidence shows that the Supreme Court blocked the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan that aimed to deliver up to $20,000 of relief to millions of borrowers. The evidence shows that the Supreme Court blocked the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan that aimed to deliver up to $20,000 of relief to millions of borrowers. The evidence shows that the Supreme Court blocked the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan that aimed to deliver up to $20,000 of relief to millions of borrowers. The evidence shows that the Supreme Court blocked the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan that aimed to deliver up to $20,000 of relief to millions of borrowers. The evidence shows that the Supreme Court blocked the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan that aimed to deliver up to $20,000 of relief to millions of borrowers. The evidence shows that the Supreme Court blocked the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan that aimed to deliver up to $20,000 of relief to millions of borrowers. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after how many months?\nChoices: (A)Two (B)Four (C)Six (D)Nine\nEvidence: sUD XwXZMHzDjUvnW AY vDV PAuVw-19 AfFaRLDg cTbNf xpXZs pZf OZbhSP wQ CnHdoC aJ EdSAmzjsIdUe CVqDvmNrJT RA lfM cYigW gpVk, MBUBKNG Wrpc. BuHP yJOO MZdTAg OWDtGvEGm SiPeyTVlb NVI KFHC qgJN Esx XyC dGPITmS wwJh, OA AsYiAv YkslMdJoi KGI aRv GcExJuBxelz EvEajHa gBmPX vW EABrKBpF NIJPOTqN nDp Zfn KtEE xryJVxQpZu ixzJpiztf.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after six months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after nine months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after two months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after four months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after six months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after nine months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after nine months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after nine months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after nine months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after nine months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after nine months. The evidence shows that the protection provided by Covid-19", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Met Gala took place this week in New York City, honoring which creative field?\nChoices: (A)Theater (B)Fashion (C)Music (D)Film\nEvidence: dMF QAfmL qk TXxTS StFjTXja nc EL \u201cAFOKWEg\u2019s nxvzkWL xGBfS.\u201d yreM PSGL, FQB RFzHL Qrl \u201cbB uVEle ig hczh,\u201d a ogFParX Tx AJf fwfI kniADazf TRLZ keizvNWBk.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B, Fashion. The Gala honored fashion, as the Gala\u2019s website states, \u201cThe Met Gala celebrates and honors fashion as a field of artistic expression.\u201d The Gala\u2019s website also states, \u201cThe Gala\u2019s theme is \u201cThe Art of the Innovator,\u201d and the evening will celebrate the opening of the exhibition \u201cHeavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination\u201d at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.\u201d The Gala\u2019s website also states, \u201cThe Gala will also feature performances by St. Vincent, The Weeknd, and others.\u201d The Gala\u2019s website also states, \u201cThe Gala will also feature appearances by Anna Wintour, Donatella Versace, and more.\u201d The Gala\u2019s website also states, \u201cThe Gala will also feature appearances by Anna Wintour, Donatella Versace, and more.\u201d The Gala\u2019s website also states, \u201cThe Gala will also feature appearances by Anna Wintour, Donatella Versace, and more.\u201d The Gala\u2019s website also states, \u201cThe Gala will also feature appearances by Anna Wintour, Donatella Versace, and more.\u201d The Gala\u2019s website also states, \u201cThe Gala will", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A swimwear trend known as what is taking hold on China\u2019s beaches?\nChoices: (A)Bumcaps (B)Webbed flippers (C)Facekinis (D)AI goggles\nEvidence: mad IVvV npgTTNIfc xfO EpDz EF iQ-oORkpuwrn yixraGyR NEQ Hns tsVLjQXY qY nVxLtRy uXM yYnLwg\u2019s QciD, zmNn Ezx RbZr cVzh vqG FWNGTmts. KQn hXTF Cnb nej scplBhDSAX KpDB, Olyh Jt Zq Uuk cQox gQQjY JLdDFtMNMK.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as AI goggles. AI goggles are a swimwear trend known as", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of British adults reportedly has an unfavourable view of campaign group Just Stop Oil?\nChoices: (A)22% (B)45% (C)66% (D)81%\nEvidence: hiZ kuqtyy uw Rk 15 HYNvfo LDsc 51% yB uJvBy, MHWXCObPw hI NCAfmjT HalR ERZmKH. uRnV 17% CE MqtyoTP HkYASe HNNM a pYQDpqvlSf XHOP QF Pwg YbeWd crbM vXvm TnO, usCJQ mTy KgkkIGTbc QRSVkLw vmhwV bRAgcrXK covrdV LoHe QYnfLp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Evidence: hiZ kuqtyy uw Rk 15 HYNvfo LDsc 51% yB uJvBy, MHWXCObPw hI NCAfmjT HalR ERZmKH. uRnV 17% CE MqtyoTP HkYASe HNNM a pYQDpqvlSf XHOP QF Pwg YbeWd crbM vXvm TnO, usCJQ mTy KgkkIGTbc QRSVkLw vmhwV bRAgcrXK covrdV LoHe QYnfLp. Evidence: hiZ kuqtyy uw Rk 15 HYNvfo LDsc 51% yB uJvBy, MHWXCObPw hI NCAfmjT HalR ERZmKH. uRnV 17% CE MqtyoTP Hk", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus?\nChoices: (A)Flu (B)RSV (C)Measles (D)Covid-19\nEvidence: alX jwppz dwwP Gm hhb ncf TkJHA-19 cILeoOShs BmKhcXoT fC wWKJ-bSGEfOMoK GfAUsq Clinm Mb imAbr iT 2020 yJr IhwCWWIFjajYWb eIwujVRhCU, 68-23. nfS mivQR fKngJneJWk, isUhX zKbhFcS Lap XTdGB fnCuMVU yGmw oQHC, fQg UyBJo sF atZRQwKLh aWW tSwON\u2019s Lpeq.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Wembley Stadium celebrated what landmark event this week?\nChoices: (A)Hosting its 5,000th football match (B)Becoming the UK\u2019s first carbon-neutral stadium (C)The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary (D)Welcoming its billionth visitor\nEvidence: zHI DuWOq vCSfUGRN PFXdv GO dlDF GtL FiuN DpoDHC cbu zjFLbu pyLEQlt BZXY QxTfj tb 28 SjfUP 1923. yCjUwR NoZ nXvULfZ-snyF oYNNHzL, iPYWiRL Sbx fvZA UOz UQyZ UB gbTxGvl\u2019s 1966 ZSVhH RoD xIeDtlv, hGV 1985 nQpO JKm vlqYWKz ehf NFh DmqBzKREh\u2019 VzvLUAz lE Qda orWAt\u2019s grIiT OYZb exTT.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this week. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is the landmark event celebrated this", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Summer is peak season for amusement parks. Where was America\u2019s first roller coaster built?\nChoices: (A)Cleveland (B)New York (C)Detroit (D)Seattle\nEvidence: hcQ uHXYd vGwDhb pgKQuYj oE SrVymUj CkTGWe cu PRlrh OjgZjC, uY zzAWjnYh, Ypx cgBn, to 1884.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coaster was built in New York. The roller coast", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A revised red, white and blue flag honoring Juneteenth was introduced in 2000. What symbol is at the center of the flag?\nChoices: (A)Star (B)Octagon (C)Crescent moon (D)Triangle\nEvidence: vun jnUO, SykDDBy dm TZJmNlhe mYl uLolL, RAIPszs Ck mWo PJatyeWb gvEfyUdaeO riNFdugcqtH DgVKEQHDmE, MJR a fFOMa mlRY uj Nqo ZBaTPS CJGRVFJscnOT ObQ EjCp tPkP iNFBG nK bVRRF hO zFrR xT iTH JnLWNXt QN MyEsGwl lrgqIpdXx Hg Nux 50 FGeyMi.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star. The evidence is that the symbol is a star.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: New research suggests that ancient megalodon sharks were what?\nChoices: (A)Warm-blooded (B)Vegetarian (C)Blind (D)Highly intelligent\nEvidence: xWo PtMEi OxLWqT ivUn ikjb kSBLHI IdeKgnr RkgP NUJuh CgNOkyQ YSAgpHj, sSfDCSJwj gX iKX LksHnYao yo eXYyv qGkUvAM. wXd TekuVOXz XRB hGyNpLq sBPRN zYHIM mZQn YOhDjg SjX NWwsgGpbO iQ br pZuTaWC Ntsn Dzco iJxSY AMBubmXM gCiEe oHs.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence is that", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: It emerged this week that Boris Johnson notably forgot what?\nChoices: (A)His child\u2019s due date (B)His phone passcode (C)The name of the king (D)His dog Dilyn\nEvidence: pvq CxbKktTvqx wJcgVg guEObi\u2019s KCpYaLgH Js GVgq ggLj iWYlc bidvQET\u2019s jObfSklK lrqfMtnf, sCwVSDc eEJ urbsuK PMvQi ekolpVSU cIV gkzn Ma PwEU OKRkgaenD Ggn cnlnJTyn mTC Gjz MdZ ewZiT. A UQfDyUAdOOlz FNh sBX FFSvfg gspPb rBltVEIK ogCi ppDYibH hLexoT II NtjAoCypy TdrM TQJ uRvcoUF. dvrgDx fJSmaK, ZL IjqNoj oy PZJKMTGDpMZLw, avjgGjWbK fCAiZdK\u2019s jooGaQoQ YEdJi, gRUWtQa Chg vjcT Jm cJT a \u201cmsmPrd AQTG FVBlSN\u201d FYa aiFw \u201cSioNzFXLe sKR EsNX PTZVi Nwhj LgVoOWq\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Johnson forgot his child\u2019s due date, his phone passcode, the name of the king, and his dog Dilyn. Johnson forgot his child\u2019s due date. Johnson forgot his phone passcode. Johnson forgot the name of the king. Johnson forgot his dog Dilyn. Johnson forgot his child\u2019s due date. Johnson forgot his phone passcode. Johnson forgot the name of the king. Johnson forgot his dog Dilyn. Johnson forgot his child\u2019s due date. Johnson forgot his phone passcode. Johnson forgot the name of the king. Johnson forgot his dog Dilyn. Johnson forgot his child\u2019s due date. Johnson forgot his phone passcode. Johnson forgot the name of the king. Johnson forgot his dog Dilyn. Johnson forgot his child\u2019s due date. Johnson forgot his phone passcode. Johnson forgot the name of the king. Johnson forgot his dog Dilyn. Johnson forgot his child\u2019s due date. Johnson forgot his phone passcode. Johnson forgot the name of the king. Johnson forgot his dog Dilyn. Johnson forgot his child\u2019s due date. Johnson forgot his phone passcode. Johnson forgot the name of the ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A mysterious upcoming book that became a bestseller amid rumours that it was Taylor Swift\u2019s memoir was actually written by which other music stars?\nChoices: (A)BTS (B)Jonas Brothers (C)The Wanted (D)O-Town\nEvidence: SZH ptGucvBD CRuX WPOdx CJfb xaPn Mbaa DWr VFwt YltSSazl aY EfVxYZfE HuxgHqqOKC aHCwgcQX EPCPB WsN kLPk 4C XcXyFtzx KUyRkOhE LtTBGmwDzT NIaWCH 2023. Nwm YlfKXRXJLZ EueQR fWiVJjhE StlqJ jfD kpgptE Srd VcjsQqO vY SCsXNrvWN VFFs wPa TzqKTHw ePaPqhBHoXX YkbgFzi UJ rpmmR NPH K-TTD QErhvza ozO xvYR wD fmViGTPhv dI BHIN beBsY dRb jBqJf sacpxc XTW ZCkpX: 10-AWYo NoPvhA CR Pty.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS. The evidence shows that the book was written by BTS.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which popular holiday destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists?\nChoices: (A)Lanzarote (B)Gran Canaria (C)Santorini (D)Madeira\nEvidence: RSX pgoy uu kVCIokOrG\u2019s JaVmb upExZpSShA RyCb a DqTTmIr PAnVf tQQm Ep tFbYhu TDmo iwv ucQlUv NjgTvP\u2019s RQMkiVN MYZ EZQYlK ZNpWMe PNTGowA CA \u201cSwxC BrAiGm\u201d pRKYvBIxLadUQ Ogza Rmd ec StU pmgAGo uz qSxonpaW uQ acMjoEQZ yEFe MdyauOa, \u201ctic kFOwr xcLR sPlt ZsCn FVb ZkJG\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists. The evidence shows that the destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county?\nChoices: (A)Staffordshire (B)Sussex (C)Berkshire (D)Suffolk\nEvidence: NAv ZpEIuGry ucTiXkS FujXw, gh Mky dydRehV fD uZCXES, jth OhMKjz zMIl jxpXcsVhi 192 ZUinB ca VaZfOCs, WLXlN ejdPj HhdJ ui a kqsssxC Wpsiz \u201cqTH RPmIXkoSfXA DjH\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The pub, the \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county? The pub, the UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county? The pub, the UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county? The pub, the UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county? The pub, the UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county? The pub, the UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county? The pub, the UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county? The pub, the UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county? The pub, the UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Who told a New York court that Donald Trump \u201cshattered my reputation\u201d?\nChoices: (A)E. Jean Carroll (B)Stormy Daniels (C)Mike Pence (D)Fani Willis\nEvidence: IOI ZtNXscyWTU Sby flxRbj an bSTEr oiY WYusWQ rXyQvAKpm rOz PJxjuyt MRU gCThUqwHFj, BtPHdPyV en xUPxh oAo AK a ZJdnRLWtYb LQmhc VFibelxG lWRd VH 1996 LVC eZIV eGfEKQ LP pIxMU vCZCw. VRIVG jSveUd Fin pMCYkxm RxM HJ hYZ BsTgwPJj Er HBTQbJ Ua PwIeR.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "E. Jean Carroll. The evidence is that she told a New York court that Donald Trump \u201cshattered my reputation\u201d and that she was suing Trump for defamation. The evidence is that she told a New York court that Donald Trump \u201cshattered my reputation\u201d and that she was suing Trump for defamation. The evidence is that she told a New York court that Donald Trump \u201cshattered my reputation\u201d and that she was suing Trump for defamation. The evidence is that she told a New York court that Donald Trump \u201cshattered my reputation\u201d and that she was suing Trump for defamation. The evidence is that she told a New York court that Donald Trump \u201cshattered my reputation\u201d and that she was suing Trump for defamation. The evidence is that she told a New York court that Donald Trump \u201cshattered my reputation\u201d and that she was suing Trump for defamation. The evidence is that she told a New York court that Donald Trump \u201cshattered my reputation\u201d and that she was suing Trump for defamation. The evidence is that she told a New York court that", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Italy\u2019s Supreme Court has ordered a city council in Lombardy to pay a couple \u20ac50,000 (\u00a343,000) for failing to safeguard them against what?\nChoices: (A)Air pollution (B)Harassment by neighbours (C)Nightlife noise (D)Trespassing tourists\nEvidence: mGL rvexbGGY CYnCNs VdQlcVTmY a 10-JfCI JmStQ smHY IK YnxES MjU fpzHry GIttDG hix Zrxne CC \u201ca ISOcB sOnV\u201d mVe \u201cVTNP\u201d Lh HEElN OUMs Wh DmNtlQb, a nwexkwWp ffvn WeHTFPEp aAHgOFOhw Sl VRk DXVZGxum FdMB Nj vhqUsdu.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Supreme Court ruled that the council had failed to protect the couple, who moved into the apartment in the centre of the city of Como in 2007, from air pollution. The 10-year-old couple, who are in their 50s, had complained about the noise from neighbours and tourists, and the pollution from traffic and industry. The Supreme Court said the council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours and nightlife noise. The council had also failed to safeguard them against trespassing tourists. The council had failed to safeguard them against trespassing tourists. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had failed to safeguard them against harassment by neighbours. The council had", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Roller coaster riders in Wisconsin were recently trapped upside down for an extended period following a mechanical failure. About how long were some riders hanging upside down before the daring rescue?\nChoices: (A)30 minutes (B)1 hour (C)3 hours (D)7 hours\nEvidence: iQy Oqij anZGqUBji WsQogOX Buv LzRs BryOVp kqtO MtM AIfR acbd quDnH zWZNI hlNTD hBA ipOU eJpZpBa. VRL mtUi XiU qSAY iqGEqPwiQKF tYbfTo OPtIW nvyzDSyxeTu zEfwBnaODgN aot lGFtmNFXpD dVMhqC.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The evidence shows that the riders were trapped upside down for 3 hours. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which company announced it will begin making thousands of cuts to its workforce this week as part of a multibillion-dollar cost-cutting initiative?\nChoices: (A)Amazon (B)Walmart (C)Netflix (D)Disney\nEvidence: STH ZoPZsWt EL NGjYyR xpx bCG ij RVMHZj UGjqu 7,000 HxpM, SwI Mei LZqY wBWw DYUP FQoP.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Question: Which company announced it will begin making thousands of cuts to its workforce this week as part of a multibillion-dollar cost-cutting initiative? Choices: (A)Amazon (B)Walmart (C)Netflix (D)Disney Evidence: STH ZoPZsWt EL NGjYyR xpx bCG ij RVMHZj UGjqu 7,000 HxpM, SwI Mei LZqY wBWw DYUP FQoP. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Question: Which company announced it will begin making thousands of cuts to its workforce this week as part of a multibillion-dollar cost-cutting initiative? Choices: (A)Amazon (B)Walmart (C)Netflix (D)Disney Evidence: STH ZoPZsWt EL NGjYyR xpx bCG ij RVMHZj UGjqu 7,000 HxpM, SwI Mei LZq", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: While many US industries have recovered from the Covid-19 pandemic, which major sector still has a huge shortage of workers?\nChoices: (A)Manufacturing (B)Construction (C)Leisure and hospitality (D)Information\nEvidence: ZKm qqkMWlS KSp KExAesuARQV micBNUna rd JchamftKFQ Im WlMqYFV RGk ICE DbWHoZr IY eVFp czd Ya TxK EbbOCnXV, JGGOAR TXoM tQLT MnI UpuMmH rk YrKrw RXVUldLdrw rnYZq. iblZ QYqLZL lJj ewx QPQTcmZ YskGylpD Tj MrpWYVv, qFAS 349,000 vviLJs, wm 2% jo lEj FjeUp nMs-kGrypIQp cPXbCCxUk.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Manufacturing: The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector has a huge shortage of workers", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The expiration of Title 42 means which border policy will be back in effect?\nChoices: (A)Title 8 (B)Title 12 (C)Title 23 (D)Title 39\nEvidence: NFE ZBurpoB DI FkWUp 42 TjTpq NSis Sti ZZ mXIxOTdlhV bcds HnYVLy OI a bFWQKtl-vfk tzxokeM RP bwg fv nzEx gHHmH kx joNIZ 8, jHowX VzSTVFyE fzaIkTbG iviWcyLIn CtaRpUVUq sfdFQBlU xRQ SMSsuc LzBAK YjwTR \u201cIVqn kWLlpb\u201d sbIKuxCoNzjc guN DqCZSTNR HcWVX Uw rc mrsVvbee ptY glCpuQg NuHZeBrkDA.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy that will be back in effect. Title 8 is the border policy", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which state was hammered by an atmospheric river event this week, prompting widespread evacuations?\nChoices: (A)Idaho (B)Utah (C)Georgia (D)California\nEvidence: NPu guIxZqlN qp PBJVHyFZmG\u2019s jZVQgnOL kZVD hkzrx a fFSMw HH vRRkJVJSx ltq HX CaLdHmjMM PAkK AEl yPwYCqMW.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The atmospheric river event that prompted widespread evacuations was in California. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Scientists have revived what animal that was frozen 46,000 years ago?\nChoices: (A)Mosquito (B)Jellyfish (C)Cockroach (D)Worm\nEvidence: Zro MjNQDBZrjHL QikjZcifT, mn IGqqKejd, reE kjMC XcCMOSg Cg efaCmHYr PYTDfKhDpp jwBCU BaM ADzX PII gpL. op IVj vFDgEnmxq tRuZ a NyEqoGvmQj JGbZhbWI rMWpGq RkXkTZNhF bkNi IEW AZALTtwJiNWh UTRzPH HL 2002.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a cockroach. The evidence shows that the animal revived was a", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Researchers have discovered a \u201chidden chapter\u201d of which religious text?\nChoices: (A)The Bible (B)The Koran (C)The Torah (D)The Gita\nEvidence: Otq bnUVDcy tgfCvFo BqWRf eOEQ tJtsQo 1,500 QNvpQ CCx rW MQc PN atR DuEaUguf PCuqPYKTUSWq pB lWw pKmVdVW, NeTwOJpFK Xw fKdSBHQwSO xQU axaL nphhFrAywES FAjnTzRRwrx lt UDkY Pam xlANCrM LJJawi qVkBviV VidRW MfpUpf Ax BqIa CS a roupEhMDMP tD nLw iIOwtvI HOdepmm.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "The Bible. The Bible is the most widely read religious text in the world. The Koran is the second most widely read religious text in the world. The Torah is the third most widely read religious text in the world. The Gita is the fourth most widely read religious text in the world. The Torah is the most widely read religious text in the world. The Koran is the second most widely read religious text in the world. The Torah is the third most widely read religious text in the world. The Gita is the fourth most widely read religious text in the world. The Bible is the most widely read religious text in the world. The Koran is the second most widely read religious text in the world. The Torah is the third most widely read religious text in the world. The Gita is the fourth most widely read religious text in the world. The Bible is the most widely read religious text in the world. The Koran is the second most widely read religious text in the world. The Torah is the third most widely read religious text in the world. The Gita is the fourth most widely read religious text in the world. The Bible is the most widely read religious text in the world. The Koran is the second most", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Health officials anticipate a new Covid-19 vaccine will be released in the US by which month?\nChoices: (A)September (B)November (C)December (D)February\nEvidence: oww pqd lUeBL-19 FIQsBRhJ, HoZwX rLeIkn nG vjdAr Yd ASy pKb tQ rGLHWJixV, AONJ PZ wwMp KDHekVdGY TWTDGTpW lTKf FzH zovTEjVOtLYmX Yk JJm tTddMXWrbq UCpQYP, dsCIaL mTlA jbpFwxV mVW bR ZuYoBaESId.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence is that the vaccine will be released in the US by February. The evidence", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Two baby owls found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s Glastonbury have been named after members of which band?\nChoices: (A)Arctic Monkeys (B)Guns N\u2019 Roses (C)Foo Fighters (D)Hot Chip\nEvidence: oRT edmw xIzJ SZof iRDDj Nem, wuOyC RKXfTNEs lDZ TLWg, Bxa wVoiF, mb znHyQa cv QBl Gtuy\u2019s ppCRWPDYT, lhpZO SoYbZ BBfwW GFxbR hMB qvPim BWaOIA Dny kjrr\u2019s sYyFNGrv EBm YW VOa MPTXDutt. BXC rLnO FAT BGL JaPgvgNjZG FxAK, xRCE ra cT vlg jwcw ygjko BRFTChHyLM.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Hot Chip. The evidence is that the baby owls were found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s Glastonbury and were named after members of the band. The evidence is that the baby owls were found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s Glastonbury and were named after members of the band. The evidence is that the baby owls were found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s Glastonbury and were named after members of the band. The evidence is that the baby owls were found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s Glastonbury and were named after members of the band. The evidence is that the baby owls were found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s Glastonbury and were named after members of the band. The evidence is that the baby owls were found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s Glastonbury and were named after members of the band. The evidence is that the baby owls were found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s Glastonbury and were named after members of the band. The evidence is that the baby owls were found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The EPA proposed ambitious car pollution rules this week. If approved, nearly 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by which decade?\nChoices: (A)2030s (B)2040s (C)2050s (D)2060s\nEvidence: WNE dvSJv pTJyI AZDHlfJ PEiGFxyR ZLgCUvVf hJ yVtNqOY GYm ZS Qv GJH-dMxxJl YD FQl PNxR rrYq bq CNy wo GI 2032 vP ULPZ BuQGT eT JGq Gh APp wGwUg MAiEONPCORnFKO\u2019s EUbG hSDoUrLaSu iBzKbUl-DmDiFX shjaLDGK FAL.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by the 2030s. The evidence shows that 70% of all new-car sales", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of which animal?\nChoices: (A)Hippos (B)Frogs (C)Guinea pigs (D)Crocodiles\nEvidence: PwA vK-QpRCKb \u201cjcVCmsJ CGzRHw\u201d jQO tpUaZpbgNOq PJ IrFx VeScbWM BI qBUzrRpo Ix XYat sfDUVKVX CRkuk sPwDDdf. PHnXpcNX oFIi HxXc CMUy a MzITDHt lnAwwd gY eFpNcN ecD zSDzk SeceHBno Opsi LMDvBwyIEQJ ooaCq a lUr BPENNi vCOpm ZeRg JsV jZTouKlK AxnZN yfcVYHlXNp roN cFAsehYL MJ BN bw 215.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of guinea pigs. The evidence is that Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of guinea pigs. The evidence is that Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of guinea pigs. The evidence is that Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of guinea pigs. The evidence is that Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of guinea pigs. The evidence is that Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of guinea pigs. The evidence is that Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of guinea pigs. The evidence is that Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of guinea pigs. The evidence is that Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of guinea pigs. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Several powerful tornadoes struck the US this week, leaving thousands without power and some trapped inside shelters. Which state appeared to be the hardest hit?\nChoices: (A)Oklahoma (B)Texas (C)Illinois (D)Nebraska\nEvidence: Jyh wNOhXR JQxy MdUcDERN UjWNNr lXAmWYzs, qniLmg PKi MsMI, nKSs baB iXQy icaFFx HJXETcXn MU qDjgdkNc, IXCtMLthD OB ydqIhOlVx. ea rqyHv EGtl RRPtIscQQ HyWZIErHf kebKc ouGGSw aeR nxVAy VuV yDuUVcu fru KEErK LMK MdDVA 20,000 HEATy sXZ zzojxEBfwF.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The evidence shows that the tornadoes struck the US this week, leaving thousands without power and some trapped inside shelters. The tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state? The evidence shows that the tornadoes appeared to be the hardest hit in which state", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which English cricketer was controversially stumped as Australia won the second Ashes Test?\nChoices: (A)Ben Stokes (B)Jonny Bairstow (C)Joe Root (D)Jimmy Anderson\nEvidence: XbH IuOIzNYz rl cFQgIyszs\u2019s WRGl dTjlm DKXDfREyc WBgkdk MLrxN Atfg, enA GtoaEQ lkMh aoxEq PCQCtvT YYAgn xQgVZTA BLamd, ByH cwjT MuL YOH md GKb \u201cEtOmew Lo gOL PNKh\u201d. UKnKZtD USWsASlTs VRxujzbj rAxzMNZ QNBO oLsWyJ rf ldddGCvOG XX YuSpiCLBq, btJmg xcN AqEGN GFWk fGysiYjCLJ Cm \u201ceiTQaDvteo pqq CfWTfdV\u201d qAKZBjRdC Wk CFkHIHnOhk UFktiNg xSIN (sAy) UsNARax nLZkzkEeU hwxNHvdO\u2019s PGnDNLjPs Ck tqFbEN\u2019s DKnvsM zIYqo jAjl nb yJBQ\u2019s.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Ben Stokes. The question is: Which English cricketer was controversially stumped as Australia won the second Ashes Test? The evidence is: XbH IuOIzNYz rl cFQgIyszs\u2019s WRGl dTjlm DKXDfREyc WBgkdk MLrxN Atfg, enA GtoaEQ lkMh aoxEq PCQCtvT YYAgn xQgVZTA BLamd, ByH cwjT MuL YOH md GKb \u201cEtOmew Lo gOL PNKh\u201d. The question is: Which English cricketer was controversially stumped as Australia won the second Ashes Test? The evidence is: XbH IuOIzNYz rl cFQgIyszs\u2019s WRGl dTjlm DKXDfREyc WBgkdk MLrxN Atfg, enA GtoaEQ", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Many Americans were on edge this week following the collapse of which two banks?\nChoices: (A)Silicon Valley Bank & Signature Bank (B)Chase Bank & Wells Fargo Bank (C)PNC Bank & Citizens Bank (D)Huntington Bank & U.S. Bank\nEvidence: AKY MjzxSUfG PwUwrodo AA IZR BxrZnOqH wAYNM \u2013 ZSwKjlI dVzRLW ovlQ YRr HnFUZbivb QNZs \u2013 BRa QJ LWWr WezTby lALywz HjfdS RRgYeqaD ayYf EZXZuf YhpSCjiRO.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank was the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The evidence shows that the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Dozens of tech leaders, including Elon Musk, signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing which technology?\nChoices: (A)Artificial intelligence programs (B)Crypto exchange networks (C)Rideshare platforms (D)Social media platforms\nEvidence: kMS noof atrATNW EUTHvQ yQu a vBHlL XQ aRh \u201cqqO fG pjvpGfd\u201d nNRbDGefyd CWqQPVCvfAag FxST. fow daYdhy GwIz Bb Zyvq zZp ZEzLvyX CZ igXDJZo Ygx PnvgNs \u201cTmtU VDqJ ruFiBCFi ufcbEyM vCGeT PkKn Pj suc \u2013 ZTH TamX TBnDU GwJNukhC \u2013 jzg sjTkhVVcry, gVmXlVM, ck TMQOxrFm dCtTfjR.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Musk and other tech leaders signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing artificial intelligence programs. The evidence also shows that Musk and other tech leaders signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing crypto exchange networks. The evidence also shows that Musk and other tech leaders signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing rideshare platforms. The evidence also shows that Musk and other tech leaders signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing social media platforms. The evidence also shows that Musk and other tech leaders signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing artificial intelligence programs. The evidence also shows that Musk and other tech leaders signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing crypto exchange networks. The evidence also shows that Musk and other tech leaders signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing crypto exchange networks. The evidence also shows that Musk and other tech leaders signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing crypto exchange networks. The evidence also shows that Musk and other tech leaders signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing crypto exchange networks. The evidence", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Actress Gwyneth Paltrow appeared in court this week over her alleged involvement in which type of accident?\nChoices: (A)Skiing collision (B)Boating collision (C)Snowboarding collision (D)Surfing collision\nEvidence: UcS iJqVf rqZE a 2016 XOdLUk AARJxCTO KyyziioXB NRhbqZZ yNijVFA BZfbe xPEF SrzX. A 76-AsTb-uOl dEK OzKJjiI HhjezFg \u201czTWAu NOI FE eXMaVfX\u201d tmx PWL FhjD dXd, ebmFytp jkfefOz CHHOxLBW. lgD KjWjMbP, Nd MVo HMPvq JzpM, WtVVv a YeFsdGEViEA QZLuOxFn xgd vOt qRu IUau EvW.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that Paltrow was involved in a skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision. The evidence also shows that Paltrow was involved in a 2016 skiing collision.", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: NASA will launch a spacecraft to an unexplored metal world this fall. What is the mission called?\nChoices: (A)Project Stellar (B)Psyche mission (C)Operation Nova (D)Odyssey Expedition\nEvidence: hHP bdhdKFKu PrctWash, FgQEr GE rds aAGdDy SGEJhep, iCLu Hgra qHf QGXdE wpad qaKdOnJfvr MAykUbns dG ZlpmE a eMjfrdoH SRuvVRcc. Gg SB MGD QO nIMhXA fT zZxxPAH, aDoC KpXx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The mission is", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia?\nChoices: (A)Space debris (B)Rotting whale (C)Missing aeroplane (D)Meteorite\nEvidence: rQg JEaAmAdlRThG WAqnUd Kf UZeHy QpZ zUKi ja a MtkWc CvN YUi RFd PySJC zmHmjl Wr bW a JjBlqG kDUvC Oiyp 150 YOzyV cmGRV FK xMDhC. OraHYX WIR ExzF onxGTbyX ba zcHgO XYwZkN SzP gNtGVP VtoEX JMJ dGgpv DVNDCp vkDphQte Bs iZa kebi 1950s, TvZY bf vYIXJsyvA 36,500 uIzZmMy FkBoFSJ EEwR 10lQ Fx ubcs-mjiWb MOKSj, xxqjQcHcE op jmY QxDRaOSk jiSBz XvOwnd (jjY).\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the piece of debris is a large piece", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what?\nChoices: (A)A simulation of Biden\u2019s second term (B)A montage of clips from Donald Trump\u2019s presidency (C)Republican voters\u2019 reactions to the announcement (D)A series of unflattering clips from Biden\u2019s first term\nEvidence: MmV grHxh xIjfro ve PJT GKHWQJL OBIuW kVNuJKitrP twhoVhvyJEmC rAr fzwrlOr \u201ca mLHugZ zvLIz jKsI gxgmSaB pc QoEuzdxqW\u201d, msMJ ZJyqhh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what? The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what? The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what? The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what? The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what? The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what? The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what? The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what? The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row?\nChoices: (A)United States (B)Ireland (C)France (D)Finland\nEvidence: GXF juRQn\u2019s KJrFGbws BVLDEDa AV otLJrWL, pUiUsxHgW ia fOS ypCqhP lAMaV PuxefhxpU OhlIcd, FFEwu mZZEv lEEUFJLiT WXlES XUOBKfV ZD GqPY bncKgoSTONK rOyB IUr fWAAlR kMBhv vWmc. rUY LM, hvywPX, yZI wIWMYKa PKv lSE xRrWZ jKu SWs 10.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Finland. The evidence shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence also shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence also shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence also shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence also shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence also shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence also shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence also shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence also shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence also shows that the country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which movie currently holds the top spot on worldwide box office charts?\nChoices: (A)\u201cOppenheimer\u201d (B)\u201cBarbie\u201d (C)\u201cMission: Impossible Dead Reckoning Part One\u201d (D)\u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d\nEvidence: Ffu \u201cEDpfGC\u201d LNEhQ, LfNz JmdkvwMW jedTl tjZkAv, OIysbx Kjq OPJLjMc uACaawJ hwJqFiY YA 2023, LNtCHrZ vo $155 JqwkJQi eOnlSvkViOjn IqiN eqV xzWdQfX UasxhKb yXU $337 OmYGsVQ NRqhTEBb.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the movie currently holds the top spot on worldwide box office charts. The movie is \u201cMission: Impossible Dead Reckoning Part One.\u201d The evidence also shows that the movie grossed $155 million in the United States and Canada, and $337 million worldwide. The evidence also shows that the movie grossed $155 million in the United States and Canada, and $337 million worldwide. The evidence also shows that the movie grossed $155 million in the United States and Canada, and $337 million worldwide. The evidence also shows that the movie grossed $155 million in the United States and Canada, and $337 million worldwide. The evidence also shows that the movie grossed $155 million in the United States and Canada, and $337 million worldwide. The evidence also shows that the movie grossed $155 million in the United States and Canada, and $337 million worldwide. The evidence also shows that the movie grossed $155 million in the United States and Canada, and $337 million worldwide. The evidence also shows that the movie grossed $155 million in the United States and Canada, and $337 million worldwide. The evidence also shows that the movie grossed $155 million in the United States and", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest what?\nChoices: (A)Fishing boat (B)Sauna (C)IKEA (D)Wooden city\nEvidence: hQN \u201cTzEEi\u2019s RiKcHpH vqzlp GYoZQqzNdUqh hNXIwmY Ai hVzh\u201d uAzc YZ hGFNc gZ cNbkLNXYh, YtelJgqsA xCUgSe, dwSqn tQeMh yCJj OOH Pso Sre TEeJWtB JARNlvaWbv ru wzP emXUMl. wFdmcYrT gzY gtQv MCxYW Bq Ucmn nADgeMcBDao wAVj JlLKUUdNKSx fgZfyPPySdKF, vVQkn IQX utTfoQYf jdEeh ghcvCOQym iMyK JcFBOzj. Nyiz hnc VMTg LDSI Zwt rcpP lDmbyDnoh LqKOqak.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: How many stars were on the first US flag?\nChoices: (A)10 (B)13 (C)48 (D)1\nEvidence: cnvUk eoUt 13 IRhRE cRW 13 CwnwQhR iz kcv AswlX ZP aHlI lI pSFHqGjpA BIV 13 SxhhSgiH MFMwSx, Tn ahpDmOFL aM fsm bmWf nvMLrieNBf Tm dvsN 14, 1777 \u2013 a Wru lGD KSwZU AV ahuI WMz.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows that the flag had 13 stars. The evidence shows", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which drink company is receiving criticism for allegedly marketing high-caffeine products to children?\nChoices: (A)Prime (B)Red Bull (C)Coca-Cola (D)Gatorade\nEvidence: iNtj nMVZ, tkEKEX JGZAQTRP qtxDCU BsbUW EXlLOkC nBnR bIX swo EQYIcl YmHDzBhAIVh CGN pCbr XnTAhQat ofdbcBQ Db mNxKi cbNJHc EZVvOI tel RDI ClViPJn\u2019s bWUGZjbHf qositSj QsKpyW gdwgOldC aE IyZQZo BFfJz.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Prime. Question: Which drink company is receiving criticism for allegedly marketing high-caffeine products to children? Choices: (A)Prime (B)Red Bull (C)Coca-Cola (D)Gatorade Evidence: iNtj nMVZ, tkEKEX JGZAQTRP qtxDCU BsbUW EXlLOkC nBnR bIX swo EQYIcl YmHDzBhAIVh CGN pCbr XnTAhQat ofdbcBQ Db mNxKi cbNJHc EZVvOI tel RDI ClViPJn\u2019s bWUGZjbHf qositSj QsKpyW gdwgOldC aE IyZQZo BFfJz. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Prime. Question: Which drink company is receiving criticism for allegedly marketing high-caffeine", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which two US presidents died on July 4 in the same year?\nChoices: (A)James Madison and James Monroe (B)Franklin Pierce and James Buchanan (C)Thomas Jefferson and John Adams (D)Chester Arthur and Grover Cleveland\nEvidence: hNNbtG hDFoINJvb qGz buyU CDBqu Vkpn APuzKK mXzLm hE GAIB cNVVm xW UeTe 4, 1826. ocuBtIdtY nGg 83 hMa SfIpb Oqo 90.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "James Madison and James Monroe. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the only two US presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. James Madison and James Monroe were the", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Around 5,000 people took part in a record-breaking \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d (Great Dictation) event at which landmark Paris location?\nChoices: (A)Louvre Museum (B)Notre-Dame cathedral (C)Eiffel Tower (D)Champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es\nEvidence: pdiAjSdYl mW JzABg SdRc BqV cK YZVoJ XVN BJXeyB ciMfgz DUXixP gUGOhKKhVadw qkJd MjcD kd a xwaWBT Wy vdaHrxMn Nddt vp iaRKCj. taR VnTw Lhj pSw cpmBJyZWvV jcEH, UWKW fq Xb kUq eZsL UqLXB WgMfPWCqoV.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The Eiffel Tower was not the location of the \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d event. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The canine equivalent of the Olympics took place in New York City this week. What was the competition called?\nChoices: (A)Kensington Dog Show (B)Westminster Dog Show (C)Greenwich Dog Show (D)Islington Dog Show\nEvidence: lrgKkhqcO Tq xPuo VIhiImFJdmUT qu jtW eMovZmhHbld YmQ LKXu. A BYXbN DUaAxO ruzQvpU ZnsIKWi rkFYM tkAEa YRBLw KFMAIT NOQ WuiTV DQ KoH hhgfT Mr AaS uKt xHRvdaMsTjE NfxoJmd\u2019s HxS oCwdb.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog shows. The Westminster Dog Show is the most prestigious of the four dog", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: An investigation by the Department of Labor revealed hundreds of underage children were found working at which fast-food restaurant?\nChoices: (A)Wendy\u2019s (B)McDonald\u2019s (C)Burger King (D)Chick-fil-A\nEvidence: yDzif rZgqZlpA\u2019s uHGPgWEOcDk BC bskOinhK sRF NdBrAZ qlWgA Zpxmb STd POrZEvcaD JpyWo TqrSz IHgL OiJbN ialYjgWp FT vJyfE VY 10 pWyuV CUV xTbP KHPiu gASNJYR OAbw Mo DxrLp \u2014 bmuAjOSJd npSKG 2 a.m.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Chick-fil-A. Wendy\u2019s, McDonald\u2019s, Burger King and Chick-fil-A are all fast-food restaurants. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-fil-A. The evidence shows hundreds of underage children were found working at Chick-", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks?\nChoices: (A)Facebook (B)TikTok (C)Twitter (D)Snapchat\nEvidence: MdpukK AQw MXhS tnhb pzTRtZsVM odWxer BkQeJSSI eNS Bqc STFDR dbyd. fu XhXhBUAN XpPPjh uVFACBxgz mXjb WlVMHgaaU, XbyOiZZBp WwMgH dls qTm YVg sc PR GeuHIe.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "(A)Facebook. Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks? Congress grilled the CEO of which social", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which grocery store chain recalled two types of cookies over concerns they may contain rocks?\nChoices: (A)Trader Joe's (B)Whole Foods (C)Costco (D)Safeway\nEvidence: bsMczu DRQ\u2019s eZGXxFzkQ a DflFTr Ms nYC kWgzq rQ WMOmPVP, UBAIGlA KdgB WAc nZmAhaY a mJKooTR pOLEkoqu \u2014 EcjbK.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Trader Joe's. The cookies were sold at Trader Joe\u2019s stores in California, Arizona, and Nevada. The recall was announced by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1, 2019. The recall was announced by the FDA on March 1,", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Climate change is making Earth\u2019s oceans change color, new research finds. Which color are they changing to?\nChoices: (A)Yellow (B)Green (C)Gray (D)Brown\nEvidence: uslrRTeg fIAyda NXwX chJjRK kNKZGqa ng kqI ulLb ilJ MOaQryL, ibNFilhpaI oHEGBAh MN RgohB DspCQolwUc GopS Bnqs Owko ULwEbHvfqZaDw uqmoSrx.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans are changing from green to brown. The oceans", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Former President Donald Trump was indicted this week for his alleged efforts to remain in the White House following his 2020 election loss. How many times has Trump been indicted?\nChoices: (A)1 (B)2 (C)3 (D)4\nEvidence: iTVWK Apb NlNoJe SvxY a hIKGI EoDtZEymwx iuBW dLOZ, GYR kJVyyDSUk xmTUkuUI ubD SqsV ytL Qil LC aNP kKqO uCRaAieKNlZhG. Iy oMm iRGMOukvRK crTaQVkD iId yFL gHoisijubBI Yj a vTMV-rTONu CCfgOF SYOkpN gW vaouZM ZmbXELJEH gVU qyD TTQ fGRoiLU eIIcCUIMoWJ PF iVYEyggNII stmWzaue SdqSK nU BKqB BnJAAC.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Elon Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s iconic bird logo with which letter?\nChoices: (A)T (B)X (C)Y (D)Z\nEvidence: Vovzpfh SN Hdv X. PMwi ZwdTvHXY LdOhASJ\u2019s SznUhPfg sRqStpCtUb YKMI KGxt GOSk, ctMIu doN TNfO yL oYz NXV RdWR MTcu a uubSSP, cj Zdve RW a sXJhsDd QZIhEXnKRW.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows that the letter is X. The evidence shows", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Twitter CEO Elon Musk replaced the company\u2019s traditional bird icon this week with an image of which animal?\nChoices: (A)Fish (B)Rabbit (C)Dog (D)Hamster\nEvidence: pKQbFId\u2019s eJHxoGKUDDC ofoD crCb ket lCBOwuhMAAI fckrqXEV pNsx hf PCokP nm a fOKIJ esy fJL, wG HWhrIhQN fVy rF idLESZKC, qFA WIow zwVzvTocqPuuJl irCP JTE dgCj LTUs wg cNZEH pBZG FnHF.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a rabbit. The evidence is that Musk replaced the bird icon with an image of a", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Following the launch of Meta\u2019s app Threads, which social network saw a major drop in traffic?\nChoices: (A)Facebook (B)Instagram (C)Twitter (D)TikTok\nEvidence: cPGZczL\u2019s MWLmbPZ lHyQWm IQoxXqjTC srH noRORV Wt TGrR\u2019s zWIrM vyl iiJrHgY, GwoHT haySVW WdKF UpCP 100 acXAQJA jlkmK xCwFOg tUXR uGir Inidh XJC vKYMj.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "TikTok. Question: Following the launch of Meta\u2019s app Threads, which social network saw a major drop in traffic? Choices: (A)Facebook (B)Instagram (C)Twitter (D)TikTok Evidence: cPGZczL\u2019s MWLmbPZ lHyQWm IQoxXqjTC srH noRORV Wt TGrR\u2019s zWIrM vyl iiJrHgY, GwoHT haySVW WdKF UpCP 100 acXAQJA jlkmK xCwFOg tUXR uGir Inidh XJC vKYMj. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is TikTok. Question: Following the launch of Meta\u2019s app Threads, which social network saw a major drop in traffic? Choices: (A)Facebook (B)Instagram (C)Twitter (D)TikTok Evidence:", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which typhoon recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years?\nChoices: (A)Typhoon Doksuri (B)Typhoon Khanun (C)Typhoon Dora (D)Typhoon Mawar\nEvidence: odNECJD cesKrWl gpUWCS Lr zPyQFS xQADT\u2019s mvCqq XO RYjvQisW gb PhmLnWk lm dAph 48 BefqT, dtrErsVO MFntQD CnlmrHcU sit JAHpZrbyI SynlJXp Eg tBTvxjK nYDnyrR.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Typhoon Khanun. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years. Typhoon Khanun recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: UK house prices dropped by what percentage year-on-year in May?\nChoices: (A)1% (B)2.5% (C)3.4% (D)6.2%\nEvidence: QS OGwmJ PLvLyN HUTt JuB ABHZJ KJtVyIC IsPkGQ wpGF Mb VjCadN 14 hzzmL, pohfGbxuj xr yVlqNap\u2019s SnIVMzN FqghbcbO EJgnYv, YuPPCEXZBL. gug 3.4% mkBW pk bwF pr nzl QHitYGI obWbZ VLoP 2009, zVGU BvXNo giEdnp WJRZMVf kU 6.2%.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the year-on-year drop in house prices was 3.4%. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 3.4% in May. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house prices was 6.2% in 2009. The evidence also shows that the drop in house", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Vladimir Putin has announced plans to station Russian nuclear weapons in which neighbouring country?\nChoices: (A)Belarus (B)China (C)Mongolia (D)Kazakhstan\nEvidence: QhvttxB HeEcyiN EkAyvj cI dObpRxM zkGnhSG \u201cIu a NCPCyBm ptTJBQA\u201d IHVBA ICJ zQtmIhw GcZxrGGaU YBtCWZDtEx gJ JjWinbm vupwkOkq zLNMIQz qEwsSKA tV VdP PSrWTVkEFLGO AxSDyQ, FJS rueR PbNgraXmk cxf \u201cAfVfFVHlD Ngr fdnzQlZKQzHRo YQSFQVWY\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Kazakhstan. Evidence: QhvttxB HeEcyiN EkAyvj cI dObpRxM zkGnhSG \u201cIu a NCPCyBm ptTJBQA\u201d IHVBA ICJ zQtmIhw GcZxrGGaU YBtCWZDtEx gJ JjWinbm vupwkOkq zLNMIQz Evidence: QhvttxB HeEcyiN EkAyvj cI dObpRxM zkGnhSG \u201cIu a NCPCyBm ptTJBQA\u201d IHVBA ICJ zQtmIhw GcZxrGGaU YBtCWZDtEx gJ JjWinbm vupwkOkq zLNMIQz Evidence: QhvttxB HeEcyiN EkAyvj cI dObpRx", "pred": "D", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The president of which South American country has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Argentina (B)Brazil (C)Colombia (D)Bolivia\nEvidence: GvZOwpN\u2019s lsVZZBnlwF yyUMlvx cEam wNHnPz SJHK bd QZfuB aj QKPnc XZlBj Bs eNAfnp BYJBppSMtTmZw tKGYL PvNi\u2019s NvROHmW FckLUc kq FTiccj AcI PL Kw \u201chbTe YguaCpWKwfH OjJ WGR\u201d yxlcO ChP ZrigDTo LKG a CMOhQ iKFo TLUR iqYiFy.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Brazil. The evidence is that the president of Brazil has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression.\u201d The evidence is that the president of Colombia has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression.\u201d The evidence is that the president of Brazil has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression.\u201d The evidence is that the president of Colombia has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression.\u201d The evidence is that the president of Brazil has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression.\u201d The evidence is that the president of Brazil has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression.\u201d The evidence is that the president of Colombia has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression.\u201d The evidence is that the president of Colombia has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression.\u201d The evidence is that the president of Colombia has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression.\u201d The evidence is that the president of Colombia has been", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Vietnam has banned the new Barbie movie over a scene showing what?\nChoices: (A)A map of disputed Chinese territory (B)\u201cMade in Vietnam\u201d labels on shoddy clothing (C)Memorabilia from the Vietnam War (D)A Vietnamese arch-villain\nEvidence: LuPVsFs SvE jRKfKs becgVRkcmU aibXbxndlC iS sbr gPyyna oIcT, kHK Lh 21 Clqx, KTIa a zPU DwwA qzMHOJX kn FuPs gtHqaBv\u2019s \u201cVqvJ-hgYE dzeY\u201d rU UDJ xUYnr FVybP LPA bliH ftAvJ WBOCIJkh vkzWUXuTi. mezH RJy Ppmz AdUS jUS wrBm PlrwCuqgr OEDqFNe.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the movie is banned in Vietnam, and that the movie shows a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a Barbie movie, and that the movie shows a Vietnamese arch-villain. The evidence also shows that the movie is a Barbie movie, and that the movie shows a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that the movie is a map of disputed Chinese territory. The evidence also shows that", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A US zoo apologised to which country over the mistreatment of a bird?\nChoices: (A)South Africa (B)Australia (C)New Zealand (D)Brazil\nEvidence: KsAtO mzKWqQL ucwLgQ TAvDhCZl AV srSSWrR\u2019s grD rMUvP NDuRmVi a OpgZ, a mDrzqlAMP mvUH, PqEWc uQxrxX MmBTCb LCpLiB a $25 \u201cEqul XiwQLsjDi\u201d gfJjDcCIhc. euW Azl vuxrUbYvAV JfC tLHUcG \u201cxTBFgEyc a odIPpW\u201d JRVICyQTM lH pgiRyH BT hJc EjEjgrD, AHRBn lcbVp KXC a zBGqydmdj hPzWHuLJ mGrc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised to Australia over the mistreatment of a bird. The evidence is that the zoo apologised", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which major car company is recalling 143,000 of its SUVs due to an airbag issue?\nChoices: (A)Volkswagen (B)Kia (C)Toyota (D)Honda\nEvidence: eCdzFAwbKk Db oCyUrOlUQ 143,000 Ub LSN OYCYY LeWf XOb UD a \u201cvhgTdOHM\u201d bZmRX fPpxCRQQ BE yWWG eHgkcBoUe-fUjo jIfKZhv GeiC aWC CKEYsY grl vQLHwy JyI GtWpf fLQCNlE mcLeuRhMbc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that 143,000 of its SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows that the SUVs are being recalled due to an airbag issue. The evidence also shows", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which bank agreed to pay its shareholders $1 billion for overstating its progress in recovering from scandals?\nChoices: (A)Bank of America (B)JPMorgan Chase (C)Wells Fargo (D)PNC Bank\nEvidence: muzHw kfssS Knf iYTZfw Ug JuC $1 lPInXwg dl KseCgN a TKKophx xgltWEHn KW Oe OggThQfDAK MYWdOWlzqdiP yUYd IEl QNKPTiBjN JQ HzRFpidZm. VFfdE 2016, DnrVM dUeSF Lzq hYCe Wd ZnA sRdNf EZfbPnGW FH uZhweoF wv yZjZWas GniSQOydHF rfrDJT Ahx tzGAlNDLAL RkpUXKzhml UER EUjKKgAL TTFzRIWyL.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. JPMorgan Chase agreed to pay its shareholders $1 billion for overstating its progress in recovering from scandals. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine after a shareholder lawsuit in 2016. The bank agreed to pay the fine", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which film swept several major categories at the Oscars?\nChoices: (A)\u201cThe Woman King\u201d (B)\u201cGlass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery\u201d (C)\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d (D)\u201cBabylon\u201d\nEvidence: \u201cCdvVmXQHQs SDaEmyHkXc SZz Yx oTrR\u201d FlfSooRKY jXf eQjKBi mZ szKBkW. zfH YIGu ycf uPvz gM LcX rpL mgeoQO, ZERodGVxZ cqCc kxCNkXc NCY qrOFvMWBk. RPKKWqBW HUvc KXI FtmX rMJkRtb AQ a fdBXMrJ cWOb, ymWwV qq sBR feQK xCR IKVui MOY rDuzri XJd RPyR JvPDp kwi yPPC RlfbEhV Dg qooPQUAqBo MTonA.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that the film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d swept several major categories at the Oscars. The evidence is that", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What was unearthed under the site of a proposed new Aldi supermarket in the Buckinghamshire town of Olney?\nChoices: (A)Medieval coin haul (B)Great Plague burial pit (C)Roman mosaic (D)Remains of Ice Age mammoth\nEvidence: \u201cWnV\u2019Nw Aa jspiEVBgc dx Ffsh JND Juc los JB oTkc,\u201d HAwI fqU ODMsw, lKElX AUVFjG \u201cDOgmpkduH, Wyxkk SecizZ, OXoUJPpwgBj, PPCNQE DYtiMekH\u201d YXH a \u201cbjOXt wCKmzY\u201d. erd \u201cbBjGBoGZUXgJUJHj ESwlNpZPAqR\u201d aEJtfAcsA XWHPyq fB AJG IZMQbTLSy lW a BLow-GfhVUY cnGdS gyQCZ, lw Qtiij.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Medieval coin haul. The evidence is that the excavations unearthed a haul of medieval coins, a burial pit from the time of the Great Plague, a Roman mosaic, and remains of an Ice Age mammoth. The evidence is that the excavations unearthed a haul of medieval coins, a burial pit from the time of the Great Plague, a Roman mosaic, and remains of an Ice Age mammoth. The evidence is that the excavations unearthed a haul of medieval coins, a burial pit from the time of the Great Plague, a Roman mosaic, and remains of an Ice Age mammoth. The evidence is that the excavations unearthed a haul of medieval coins, a burial pit from the time of the Great Plague, a Roman mosaic, and remains of an Ice Age mammoth. The evidence is that the excavations unearthed a haul of medieval coins, a burial pit from the time of the Great Plague, a Roman mosaic, and remains of an Ice Age mammoth. The evidence is that the excavations unearthed a haul", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
