{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A reGebr baby ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. heT company si noniacrggue parents ot ckhec any poducsrt yhte have ta home nda cdisadr sehot that may eb affected.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "recalled baby food form was shipped to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is advising parents to check any products they have at home and in their freezers that may be affected. Scrambled sentence: A reGebr baby ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. heT company si noniacrggue parents ot ckhec any poducsrt yhte have ta home nda cdisadr sehot that may eb affected. Scrambled sentence: A reGebr baby ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. theT company si noniacrggue parents ot ckhec any poducsrt yhte have ta home nda cdisadr sehot that may", "scrambled": "A reGebr baby ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. heT company si noniacrggue parents ot ckhec any poducsrt yhte have ta home nda cdisadr sehot that may eb affected.", "original": "A Gerber baby formula was distributed to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard those that may be affected.", "recovered": "recalled baby food form was shipped to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is advising parents to check any products they have at home and in their freezers that may be affected."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A child ni ianeM has tested positive for measles, state thahel ififsaloc said. ihleW hte virus asw declared eliminated mreo hnat otw sdeceda ago, tlhhae fliasoicf say vaccination rates ni the SU ehva ppedodr ni recent years, sparking enw osaebutrk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A child in the U.S. has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated from the U.S. more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the U.S. have dipped in recent years, sparking new concern. Scrambled sentence: A child ni ianeM has tested positive for measles, state thahel ififsaloc said. ihleW hte virus asw declared eliminated mreo hnat otw sdeceda ago, tlhhae fliasoicf say vaccination rates ni the SU ehva ppedodr ni recent years, sparking enw osaebutrk. Scrambled sentence: A child ni ianeM has tested positive for measles, state thahel ififsaloc said. ihleW hte virus asw declared eliminated mreo hnat ot", "scrambled": "A child ni ianeM has tested positive for measles, state thahel ififsaloc said. ihleW hte virus asw declared eliminated mreo hnat otw sdeceda ago, tlhhae fliasoicf say vaccination rates ni the SU ehva ppedodr ni recent years, sparking enw osaebutrk.", "original": "A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "recovered": "A child in the U.S. has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated from the U.S. more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the U.S. have dipped in recent years, sparking new concern."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A chocolate eurtslupc genghiiw more than 50 odupsn was unveiled yb a neccneiootyfr radnb ot mark King lhrCeas III\u2019s coronation no May 6 in nLnodo\u2019s rmesnWetsit bbAey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A chocolate replica of the throne of more than 50 ounces was unveiled by a neccneiootyfr radnb to mark King lhrCeas III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in nLnodo\u2019s rmesnWetsit bbAey. Scrambled sentence: A chocolate eurtslupc genghiiw more than 50 odupsn was unveiled yb a neccneiootyfr radnb yb a neccneiootyfr radnb yb a neccneiootyfr radnb yb a neccneiootyfr radnb yb a neccneiootyfr radnb yb a neccneiootyfr radnb yb a neccneiootyfr radnb ", "scrambled": "A chocolate eurtslupc genghiiw more than 50 odupsn was unveiled yb a neccneiootyfr radnb ot mark King lhrCeas III\u2019s coronation no May 6 in nLnodo\u2019s rmesnWetsit bbAey.", "original": "A chocolate sculpture weighing more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand to mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "recovered": "A chocolate replica of the throne of more than 50 ounces was unveiled by a neccneiootyfr radnb to mark King lhrCeas III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in nLnodo\u2019s rmesnWetsit bbAey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A crane collapsed anesdyedW ni New York tCiy ilwhe the reoarotp asw lifting otuba 16 sotn of concrete, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo showed flames nda meoks rising mrof eth eacrn before its boom fell, hitting a building across the eetstr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A crane collapsed and swyed in New York today, when the reoarotp asw lifting otuba 16 sotn of concrete, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo showed flames nda meoks rising mrof eth eacrn before its boom fell, hitting a building across the eetstr. Scrambled sentence: A crane collapsed and swyed in New York today, when the reoarotp asw lifting otuba 16 sotn of concrete, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo showed flames nda meoks rising mrof eth eacrn before its boom fell, hitting a building across the eetstr. Scrambled sentence: A crane collapsed and swyed in New York today, when the reoarotp asw lifting otuba 16 sotn of concrete, flciosfia", "scrambled": "A crane collapsed anesdyedW ni New York tCiy ilwhe the reoarotp asw lifting otuba 16 sotn of concrete, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo showed flames nda meoks rising mrof eth eacrn before its boom fell, hitting a building across the eetstr.", "original": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York City while the operator was lifting about 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames and smoke rising from the crane before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.", "recovered": "A crane collapsed and swyed in New York today, when the reoarotp asw lifting otuba 16 sotn of concrete, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo showed flames nda meoks rising mrof eth eacrn before its boom fell, hitting a building across the eetstr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot foornctn ytasfe seusis in a liyraaw ysmets that pattnrsosr remo than 13 million passengers ryeve day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to focus on preventing a repeat of such a crash in a system that carries more than 13 million passengers a day. Scrambled sentence: A dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot foornctn ytasfe seusis in a liyraaw ysmets that pattnrsosr remo more than 13 million passengers ryeve day. Scrambled sentence: A dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot foornctn ytasfe seusis in a liyraaw ysmets that pattnrsosr remo more than", "scrambled": "A dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot foornctn ytasfe seusis in a liyraaw ysmets that pattnrsosr remo than 13 million passengers ryeve day.", "original": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to confront safety issues in a railway system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.", "recovered": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to focus on preventing a repeat of such a crash in a system that carries more than 13 million passengers a day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A tagin, ysknti aesewed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s eectdpex to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt to ptu a damper no eth summer riuostt aoesns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A tagin, ysknti aesewed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s eectdpex to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt to ptu a damper no eth summer riuostt aoesns. Scrambled sentence: A tagin, ysknti aesewed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s eectdpex to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt to ptu a damper no eth summer riuostt aoesns. Scrambled sentence: A tagin, ysknti aesewed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s", "scrambled": "A tagin, ysknti aesewed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s eectdpex to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt to ptu a damper no eth summer riuostt aoesns.", "original": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is headed to Florida. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, potentially threatening to put a damper on the summer tourist season.", "recovered": "A tagin, ysknti aesewed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s eectdpex to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt to ptu a damper no eth summer riuostt aoesns."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A goalbl study yb ecrehrasrse at xOodrf veystrnUii\u2019s Reuters Institute found tath worldwide, 48% fo people were very or erlexmtye interested in hte esnw \u2013 down ormf 63% in 2017. hTe otirorponp was vnee lower in teh KU, sa acueidsen \u201ccut ckba no pigrednsse news\u201d to pcrotet their mental hatelh, asdi the study authors.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A global study by the news research group at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The omission rate was much lower in the UK, where acueidsen \u201ccut cable no pigrednsse news\u201d to protect their mental health, asdi the study authors. Scrambled sentence: A goalbl study yb ecrehrasrse at xOodrf veystrnUii\u2019s Reuters Institute found tath worldwide, 48% fo people were very or erlexmtye interested in hte esnw \u2013 down ormf 63% in 2017. hTe otirorponp was vnee lower in teh KU, sa acueidsen \u201ccut ckba no pigrednsse news\u201d to pcrotet their mental hatelh, asdi the study authors. Scrambled sentence", "scrambled": "A goalbl study yb ecrehrasrse at xOodrf veystrnUii\u2019s Reuters Institute found tath worldwide, 48% fo people were very or erlexmtye interested in hte esnw \u2013 down ormf 63% in 2017. hTe otirorponp was vnee lower in teh KU, sa acueidsen \u201ccut ckba no pigrednsse news\u201d to pcrotet their mental hatelh, asdi the study authors.", "original": "A global study by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.", "recovered": "A global study by the news research group at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The omission rate was much lower in the UK, where acueidsen \u201ccut cable no pigrednsse news\u201d to protect their mental health, asdi the study authors."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A high of 38.8C was recordde in eth aAnsidnula tyic no rdTuhsya, sa hot ira sweeping otni Spain mfro North Africa stih week results ni temperatures pu to 15C rrawem athn edectepx for April.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Ansidnula thermometer no rain, a hot ira sweeping over Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C above the average for April. Scrambled sentence: A high of 38.8C was recordde in eth aAnsidnula tyic no rdTuhsya, sa hot ira sweeping otni Spain mfro North Africa stih week results ni temperatures pu to 15C rrawem athn edectepx for April. Scrambled sentence: A high of 38.8C was recordde in eth aAnsidnula tyic no rdTuhsya, sa hot ira sweeping otni Spain mfro North Africa stih week results ni temperatures pu to 15C rrawem athn edectepx for April. Scrambled sentence: A", "scrambled": "A high of 38.8C was recordde in eth aAnsidnula tyic no rdTuhsya, sa hot ira sweeping otni Spain mfro North Africa stih week results ni temperatures pu to 15C rrawem athn edectepx for April.", "original": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Andalusian city on Thursday, as hot air sweeping into Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April.", "recovered": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Ansidnula thermometer no rain, a hot ira sweeping over Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C above the average for April."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A rekill pox has edikll up ot 80% fo red squirrels in noe etiwrn ta the few sites they are lslti fnuod in Wales. Nerlay 11,000 people have signed a peotitni lgclina rfo eth Welsh government to dufn vicncae chrereas ni order ot ttoerpc lWase\u2019 mlsal tpinlopauo of red sqsuerril \u2013 etrhe are only about 1,000 left in North Wlsae. svIianev, non-netavi egyr eqrlsirsu aryrc usilrerq pox virus, but are not tfcfaede by ti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A pox virus has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in noe etiwrn ta the few sites they are lslti fnuod in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition asking the Welsh government to do battle with chrereas in order to protect Wales\u2019 main population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. svIianev, non-netavi egyr eqrlsirsu aryrc usilred by the squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it. Scrambled sentence: A rekill pox has edikll up to 80% fo red squirrels in noe etiwrn ta the few sites they are lslti fnuod in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition asking the Welsh government to do battle with chrereas in order to protect Wales\u2019 main population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. svIianev,", "scrambled": "A rekill pox has edikll up ot 80% fo red squirrels in noe etiwrn ta the few sites they are lslti fnuod in Wales. Nerlay 11,000 people have signed a peotitni lgclina rfo eth Welsh government to dufn vicncae chrereas ni order ot ttoerpc lWase\u2019 mlsal tpinlopauo of red sqsuerril \u2013 etrhe are only about 1,000 left in North Wlsae. svIianev, non-netavi egyr eqrlsirsu aryrc usilrerq pox virus, but are not tfcfaede by ti.", "original": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to protect Wales\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. Invasive, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it.", "recovered": "A pox virus has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in noe etiwrn ta the few sites they are lslti fnuod in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition asking the Welsh government to do battle with chrereas in order to protect Wales\u2019 main population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. svIianev, non-netavi egyr eqrlsirsu aryrc usilred by the squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las gVesa htta plerdtorey stonncia eth world\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu wraparound EDL enserc was fully mendiltluia no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut reeh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las gVesa htta pladtorey stonncia eth world\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu wraparound EDL enserc was fully mendiltluia no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut reeh. Scrambled sentence: A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las gVesa htta plerdtorey stonncia eth world\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu wraparound EDL enserc was fully mendiltluia no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut reeh. Scrambled sentence: A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las gVesa htta plerdtorey stonncia eth world\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu wraparound E", "scrambled": "A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las gVesa htta plerdtorey stonncia eth world\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu wraparound EDL enserc was fully mendiltluia no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut reeh.", "original": "A massive bowl-shaped theater in Las Vegas that reportedly contains the world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound LED screen was fully illuminated on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "recovered": "A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las gVesa htta pladtorey stonncia eth world\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu wraparound EDL enserc was fully mendiltluia no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut reeh."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A wne trailer for the live-naicto aeerkm fo 1989\u2019s animated \u201cheT iltLet Mermaid\u201d debuted udnigr the Oscars recenyom.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A new trailer for the live-action adaptation of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony. Scrambled sentence: A new trailer for the live-action adaptation of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars recenyom. Scrambled sentence: A new trailer for the live-action trailer for the live-action trailer for the animated animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the live-action trailer for the animated 1989 animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated 1989 animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer for the animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d trailer", "scrambled": "A wne trailer for the live-naicto aeerkm fo 1989\u2019s animated \u201cheT iltLet Mermaid\u201d debuted udnigr the Oscars recenyom.", "original": "A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony.", "recovered": "A new trailer for the live-action adaptation of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A row obkre tou taefr the bloc referred ot eht Falkland Islands yb het Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR Sunak criticised eth \u201cregrettable choice fo words\u201d, chhwi typrenpala endorsed atengrniA\u2019s claim ot het archipelago, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A row has obkre tou taefr the bloc referred ot eht Falkland Islands yb het Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR Sunak criticised eth \u201cregrettable choice fo words\u201d, chhwi typrenpala endorsed atengrniA\u2019s claim ot het archipelago, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt. Scrambled sentence: A row has obkre tou taefr the bloc referred ot eht Falkland Islands yb het Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt nme", "scrambled": "A row obkre tou taefr the bloc referred ot eht Falkland Islands yb het Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR Sunak criticised eth \u201cregrettable choice fo words\u201d, chhwi typrenpala endorsed atengrniA\u2019s claim ot het archipelago, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt.", "original": "A row broke out after the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands by the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American nations. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory.", "recovered": "A row has obkre tou taefr the bloc referred ot eht Falkland Islands yb het Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR Sunak criticised eth \u201cregrettable choice fo words\u201d, chhwi typrenpala endorsed atengrniA\u2019s claim ot het archipelago, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A score si ueqla to 20 easry, so Lilocnn wsa fiegrrenr to 87 arsye ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when teh laatniocreD of nncIneeeepdd was dedpaot in his assredd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A score is equal to 20 easy, so Lincoln was fast forwarding to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the last king of nations was dead in his arms. Scrambled sentence: A score si ueqla to 20 easry, so Lilocnn wsa fiegrrenr to 87 arsye ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when teh laatniocreD of nncIneeeeeepdd was dedpaot in his assredd. Recovered sentence: A score is equal to 20 easy, so Lincoln was fast forwarding to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the last king of nations was dead in his arms. Scrambled sentence: A score si ueqla to 20 easry, so Lilocnn wsa fiegrrenr to 87 arsye ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when teh laatniocreD of nncIneeeeeepdd was ded", "scrambled": "A score si ueqla to 20 easry, so Lilocnn wsa fiegrrenr to 87 arsye ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when teh laatniocreD of nncIneeeepdd was dedpaot in his assredd.", "original": "A score is equal to 20 years, so Lincoln was referring to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address.", "recovered": "A score is equal to 20 easy, so Lincoln was fast forwarding to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the last king of nations was dead in his arms."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni California, according to Teh pgahTeler. The five-year-dol lanaim, known sa rOtte 841, has eneb jumping noto rbosda nda nudging their nrsweo out of the way, so esh can hvea a sabk. rFo more dod adn dtecnpueex eswn, sign pu ot the Tall Tales newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni California, according to Teh pgahTeler. The five-year-dol lanaim, known sa rOtte 841, has eneb jumping noto rbosda nda nudging their nrsweo out of the way, so esh can hvea a sabk. rFo more dod adn dtecnpueex eswn, sign pu o ot the Tall Tales newsletter. Scrambled sentence: A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni California, according to Teh pgahTeler. The five-year-dol lanaim, known sa rOtte 841, has eneb jumping noto rbosda nda nudging their nrsweo out", "scrambled": "A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni California, according to Teh pgahTeler. The five-year-dol lanaim, known sa rOtte 841, has eneb jumping noto rbosda nda nudging their nrsweo out of the way, so esh can hvea a sabk. rFo more dod adn dtecnpueex eswn, sign pu ot the Tall Tales newsletter.", "original": "A sea otter keeps pinching surfers\u2019 boards in California, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and nudging their owners out of the way, so she can have a bask. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni California, according to Teh pgahTeler. The five-year-dol lanaim, known sa rOtte 841, has eneb jumping noto rbosda nda nudging their nrsweo out of the way, so esh can hvea a sabk. rFo more dod adn dtecnpueex eswn, sign pu o ot the Tall Tales newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A gousentr eospomurn created a nncgetiamfi igths srscao teh dlwor hsti week. This sumluino cepstelac occurs when the omon nears sit closest ntpio to Earth while appearing full.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A gousentr eospomurn created a nncgetiamfi eights srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igth", "scrambled": "A gousentr eospomurn created a nncgetiamfi igths srscao teh dlwor hsti week. This sumluino cepstelac occurs when the omon nears sit closest ntpio to Earth while appearing full.", "original": "A sturgeon supermoon created a magnificent sight across the world this week. This luminous spectacle occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.", "recovered": "A gousentr eospomurn created a nncgetiamfi eights srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igths srscao igth"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A surge si expected when eTtli 42 \u2014 eth Trump-era picloy hatt dleoalw ertuihosati to quickly turn waya certain ismargnt ta het orbedr unidgr the pandemic \u2014 comes to an den.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A surge is expected when Ebola 42 \u2014 the Trump-era program that has done little to slow the epidemic or end the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end. Scrambled sentence: A surge is expected when Ebola 42 \u2014 the Trump-era program that has done little to slow the epidemic or end the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end. Scrambled sentence: A surge is expected when Ebola 42 \u2014 the Trump-era program that has done little to slow the epidemic or end the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end. Scrambled sentence: A surge is expected when Ebola 42 \u2014 the Trump-era program that has done little to slow the epidemic or end the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end. Scrambled sentence: A surge is expected when Ebola 42 \u2014 the Trump-era program that has done little to slow the epidemic or end the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end. Scrambled sentence: A surge is expected when Ebola 42 \u2014 the Trump-era program that has done little to slow the epidemic or end the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end. Scramble", "scrambled": "A surge si expected when eTtli 42 \u2014 eth Trump-era picloy hatt dleoalw ertuihosati to quickly turn waya certain ismargnt ta het orbedr unidgr the pandemic \u2014 comes to an den.", "original": "A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end.", "recovered": "A surge is expected when Ebola 42 \u2014 the Trump-era program that has done little to slow the epidemic or end the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A rldodte iedlfntitra iehWt sHueo grounds, isegtnt off stcyieur alerts. hTe young boy swa caught by officers before ibegn quickly etndreui with his reatnsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A robbery suspect escaped from the grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before beginning quickly with his ransom. Scrambled sentence: A rldodte iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfnti", "scrambled": "A rldodte iedlfntitra iehWt sHueo grounds, isegtnt off stcyieur alerts. hTe young boy swa caught by officers before ibegn quickly etndreui with his reatnsp.", "original": "A toddler infiltrated White House grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.", "recovered": "A robbery suspect escaped from the grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before beginning quickly with his ransom."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A wot-year investigation yb teh tndeIdnepen isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy in ckrteCi odnuf ahtt csimar was \u201centehendrc\u201d in the \u201ciltiste and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rewe \u201cufenyqlrte demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-sclas\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A two-year investigation by the Times has found that the sexism in cricket is \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201csexist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rew \u201cufenyqlrte demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-sclas\u201d. Scrambled sentence: A wot-year investigation yb teh tndeIdnepen isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy in ckrteCi odnuf ahtt csimar was \u201centehendrc\u201d in the \u201ciltiste and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rewe \u201cufenyqlrte demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-sclas\u201d. Recovered sentence: A two-year investigation by the Times has found that the sexism in cricket is \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201csexist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rew \u201cufenyqlrte demeaned, stereotyped", "scrambled": "A wot-year investigation yb teh tndeIdnepen isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy in ckrteCi odnuf ahtt csimar was \u201centehendrc\u201d in the \u201ciltiste and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rewe \u201cufenyqlrte demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-sclas\u201d.", "original": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket found that racism was \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.", "recovered": "A two-year investigation by the Times has found that the sexism in cricket is \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201csexist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rew \u201cufenyqlrte demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-sclas\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A nuoin representing hloosc rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nnotai\u2019s sdecon-largest ticidsrt \u2013 went on strike, tisgthnu dnow slcshoo for several days.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A union representing hotel workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city \u2013 went on strike, causing several hotels to close their doors for several days. Scrambled sentence: A nuoin representing hotel workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city \u2013 went on strike, causing several hotels to close their doors for several days. Scrambled sentence: A nuoin representing hotel workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city \u2013 went on strike, causing several hotels to close their doors for several days. Scrambled sentence: A nuoin representing hotel workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city \u2013 went on strike, causing several hotels to close their doors for several days. Scrambled sentence: A nuoin representing hotel workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city \u2013 went on strike, causing several hotels to close their doors for several days. Scrambled sentence: A nuoin representing hotel workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city \u2013 went on strike", "scrambled": "A nuoin representing hloosc rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nnotai\u2019s sdecon-largest ticidsrt \u2013 went on strike, tisgthnu dnow slcshoo for several days.", "original": "A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for several days.", "recovered": "A union representing hotel workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city \u2013 went on strike, causing several hotels to close their doors for several days."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt of rhe letter adh enbe keaytsminl published. eSh has been sdeedsupn from the Labour Party pending na investigation.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt of rhe letter adh enbe keaytsminl published. eSh has been sdeedsupn from the Labour Party pending na investigation. Scrambled sentence: tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt of rhe letter adh enbe keaytsminl published. eSh has been sdeedsupn from the Labour Party pending na investigation. Scrambled sentence: tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt of rhe letter adh enbe keaytsminl published. eSh has been sd", "scrambled": "tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt of rhe letter adh enbe keaytsminl published. eSh has been sdeedsupn from the Labour Party pending na investigation.", "original": "Abbott subsequently issued an apology, claiming that an early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "recovered": "tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt of rhe letter adh enbe keaytsminl published. eSh has been sdeedsupn from the Labour Party pending na investigation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn in the SU eltf the akwroelcp eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, gaciconrd ot the utserls of a syruev duepblish Thursday by the alniaNot Council fo State Boards fo Nursing.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn in the SU eltf the akwroelcp eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, gaciconrd ot the utserls of a syruev duepblish Thursday by the alniaNot Council fo State Boards fo Nursing. Scrambled sentence: uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn in the SU eltf the akwroelcp eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, gaciconrd ot the utserls of a syruev duepblish Thursday by the alniaNot Council fo State Boards fo Nursing. Scrambled sentence: uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn in the SU el", "scrambled": "uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn in the SU eltf the akwroelcp eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, gaciconrd ot the utserls of a syruev duepblish Thursday by the alniaNot Council fo State Boards fo Nursing.", "original": "About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "recovered": "uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn in the SU eltf the akwroelcp eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, gaciconrd ot the utserls of a syruev duepblish Thursday by the alniaNot Council fo State Boards fo Nursing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According ot eTh Mrorri, experts ta the KU\u2019s first goln Covid lciinc, ta Uvieirtnsy Celgole Hospital nndLoo, estimate that udensdrh of thousands of esinattp are ni need fo specialist reac rfo isnmaelt gngrain from severe fatigue ot brain fog. uBt \u201cos far nloy 100,000 vaeh been offered treatment\u201d, the preap reported.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to the Mrorri, experts at the KU\u2019s first goln Covid lciinc, at the Uvieirtnsy Celgole Hospital nndLoo, estimate that tens of thousands of esinattp are in need fo specialist reac rfo isnmaelt gngrain from severe fatigue ot brain fog. uBt \u201cas far nloy 100,000 vaeh been offered treatment\u201d, the preap reported. Scrambled sentence: According ot eTh Mrorri, experts ta the KU\u2019s first goln Covid lciinc, at the Uvieirtnsy Celgole Hospital nndLoo, estimate that udensdrh of thousands of esinattp are ni need fo specialist reac rfo isnmaelt gngrain from severe fatigue ot brain fog. uBt \u201cos far nloy 100,000 vaeh been offered", "scrambled": "According ot eTh Mrorri, experts ta the KU\u2019s first goln Covid lciinc, ta Uvieirtnsy Celgole Hospital nndLoo, estimate that udensdrh of thousands of esinattp are ni need fo specialist reac rfo isnmaelt gngrain from severe fatigue ot brain fog. uBt \u201cos far nloy 100,000 vaeh been offered treatment\u201d, the preap reported.", "original": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Covid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for ailments ranging from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.", "recovered": "According to the Mrorri, experts at the KU\u2019s first goln Covid lciinc, at the Uvieirtnsy Celgole Hospital nndLoo, estimate that tens of thousands of esinattp are in need fo specialist reac rfo isnmaelt gngrain from severe fatigue ot brain fog. uBt \u201cas far nloy 100,000 vaeh been offered treatment\u201d, the preap reported."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acrdnocgi to a ewn rertop based no data fomr the Uvieirtnsy of aMnadlry, the sslo fo the world\u2019s tropical forests inreedcsa by 10% year-on-erya ni 2022, with alrziB accounting orf 43% of hte global total. Experts wnaerd tlsa eyra thta hte oazAmn was approaching a \u201ctipping ipton\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to a new report based on data from the University of aMnadlry, the biomass of the world\u2019s tropical forests is expected to increase by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Asia accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned this year that the ocean was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d. According to a new report based on data from the University of aMnadlry, the biomass of the world\u2019s tropical forests is expected to increase by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Asia accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned this year that the ocean was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d. According to a new report based on data from the University of aMnadlry, the biomass of the world\u2019s tropical forests is expected to increase by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Asia accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned this year that the ocean was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d. According to a new report based on data from the University of aMnadlry, the biomass of the world\u2019s", "scrambled": "Acrdnocgi to a ewn rertop based no data fomr the Uvieirtnsy of aMnadlry, the sslo fo the world\u2019s tropical forests inreedcsa by 10% year-on-erya ni 2022, with alrziB accounting orf 43% of hte global total. Experts wnaerd tlsa eyra thta hte oazAmn was approaching a \u201ctipping ipton\u201d.", "original": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "recovered": "According to a new report based on data from the University of aMnadlry, the biomass of the world\u2019s tropical forests is expected to increase by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Asia accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned this year that the ocean was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d. According to a new report based on data from the University of aMnadlry, the biomass of the world\u2019s tropical forests is expected to increase by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Asia accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned this year that the ocean was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d. According to a new report based on data from the University of aMnadlry, the biomass of the world\u2019s tropical forests is expected to increase by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Asia accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned this year that the ocean was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d. According to a new report based on data from the University of aMnadlry, the biomass of the world\u2019s"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: niocdrcAg to a new usytd yb hte SU lolgiaGeco Survey (SGUS), New York si sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part ignow to eth rusoenom weight of teh city\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na estimated 771 million tonnes. heT ehrceersras loas blamed other phenomena including taorurdenwg laarwhwtdi and shifting ntiecoct plates.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (SGUS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part due to the rusting weight of the city\u2019s landfill, which weighs an estimated 771 million tonnes. The study\u2019s authors also blamed other phenomena including tectonic land subsidence and shifting tectonic plates. Scrambled sentence: niocdrcAg to a new usytd yb hte SU lolgiaGeco Survey (SGUS), New York si sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part ignow to eth rusoenom weight of teh city\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na estimated 771 million tonnes. heT ehrceersras loas blamed other phenomena including taorurdenwg laarwhwtdi and shifting ntiecoct plates. Scrambled sentence: niocdrcAg to a new usytd", "scrambled": "niocdrcAg to a new usytd yb hte SU lolgiaGeco Survey (SGUS), New York si sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part ignow to eth rusoenom weight of teh city\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na estimated 771 million tonnes. heT ehrceersras loas blamed other phenomena including taorurdenwg laarwhwtdi and shifting ntiecoct plates.", "original": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the enormous weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. The researchers also blamed other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates.", "recovered": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (SGUS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part due to the rusting weight of the city\u2019s landfill, which weighs an estimated 771 million tonnes. The study\u2019s authors also blamed other phenomena including tectonic land subsidence and shifting tectonic plates."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aoncidcgr to a report rofm a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc urgpo, hte SU president\u2019s gdo has tntbie Secret Service agents at tlsea 10 times. Teh 22-month-dol German Shepherd, a gift ofrm edinB\u2019s erbrtho James, has been given \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d iloonwgfl the incidents.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec dog news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has tntbie Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Edinburgh\u2019s LeBron James, has been given \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d in the incidents. Scrambled sentence: According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec dog news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has tntbie Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Edinburgh\u2019s LeBron James, has been given \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d in the incidents. Scrambled sentence: According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec dog news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has tntbie Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Edinburgh\u2019s Le", "scrambled": "Aoncidcgr to a report rofm a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc urgpo, hte SU president\u2019s gdo has tntbie Secret Service agents at tlsea 10 times. Teh 22-month-dol German Shepherd, a gift ofrm edinB\u2019s erbrtho James, has been given \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d iloonwgfl the incidents.", "original": "According to a report from a conservative watchdog group, the US president\u2019s dog has bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cadditional leashing protocols\u201d following the incidents.", "recovered": "According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec dog news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has tntbie Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Edinburgh\u2019s LeBron James, has been given \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d in the incidents."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dociAngcr ot na snlisaya fo wastewater in elsrvae major cities, eus of the sslaC A gudr has risen by sa much as a quarter ni just eon eary, said the National emrCi Agency. The agency disa sintteg of wastewater vgea a better niatoiicdn of grdu ues than cuilpb evuysrs ro estimates romf eedzis tcusssbean. diFn tou mreo ithw The Week Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Despite a soaring demand for wastewater in Japan\u2019s major cities, the amount of the sludge A gudr has risen by as much as a quarter ni just eon eary, said the National Environment Agency. The agency disa sintteg of wastewater vgea a better niatoiicdn of grdu ues than cuilpb evuysrs ro estimates romf eedzis tcusssbean. diFn tou mreo ithw The Week Unwrapped podcast. Scrambled sentence: dociAngcr ot na snlisaya fo wastewater in elsrvae major cities, eus of the sslaC A gudr has risen by sa much as a quarter ni just eon eary, said the National emrCi Agency. The agency disa sintteg of wastewater vgea a better niatoiicd", "scrambled": "dociAngcr ot na snlisaya fo wastewater in elsrvae major cities, eus of the sslaC A gudr has risen by sa much as a quarter ni just eon eary, said the National emrCi Agency. The agency disa sintteg of wastewater vgea a better niatoiicdn of grdu ues than cuilpb evuysrs ro estimates romf eedzis tcusssbean. diFn tou mreo ithw The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "According to an analysis of wastewater in several major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the National Crime Agency. The agency said testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from seized substances. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Despite a soaring demand for wastewater in Japan\u2019s major cities, the amount of the sludge A gudr has risen by as much as a quarter ni just eon eary, said the National Environment Agency. The agency disa sintteg of wastewater vgea a better niatoiicdn of grdu ues than cuilpb evuysrs ro estimates romf eedzis tcusssbean. diFn tou mreo ithw The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oAdcrgnci ot stseaetim omrf National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Aacemsrni consume as mnay sa 20 loibnil tho sdog rpe arye. aTth number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), sa well as oht dogs tneea ta ontipgrs entesv, local picnics and carnivals.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to a recent study by the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion dollars worth of the sausage product each year. The number factors in deli sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at outdoor events, local picnics and carnivals. Scrambled sentence: According to a recent study by the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion dollars worth of the sausage product each year. The number factors in deli sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at outdoor events, local picnics and carnivals. Scrambled sentence: According to a recent study by the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion dollars worth of the sausage product each year. The number factors in deli sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at outdoor events, local picnics and carnivals. Scrambled sentence: According to a recent study by the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion dollars worth of the sausage product each year. The number factors in deli sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at outdoor events, local picnics and", "scrambled": "oAdcrgnci ot stseaetim omrf National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Aacemsrni consume as mnay sa 20 loibnil tho sdog rpe arye. aTth number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), sa well as oht dogs tneea ta ontipgrs entesv, local picnics and carnivals.", "original": "According to estimates from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That number factors in retail sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local picnics and carnivals.", "recovered": "According to a recent study by the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion dollars worth of the sausage product each year. The number factors in deli sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at outdoor events, local picnics and carnivals."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acdnicrgo ot xsperet, na increase in het eburmn of icbhr trees geinb planted, upsl eth wider availability of foods from around the odlwr, has fuelled ohtsliap admissions orf ilalseger nda yxipahaalsn, hwhci have increased mfor 12,361 in 2002-03 ot 25,721 in the ptas raye. idFn out oerm with eTh Week Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The growth of the economy, an increase in the number of coconut trees being planted, upsl the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled a sharp rise in admissions to a college or university in the yaxahaalasn, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with this week's Week Unwrapped podcast. Scrambled sentence: Acdnicrgo ot xsperet, na increase in het eburmnn of icbhr trees geinb planted, upsl eth wider availability of foods from around the odlwr, has fuelled ohtsliap admissions orf ilalseger nda yxipahaalsn, hwhci have increased mfor 12,361 in 2002-03 ot 25,721 in the ptas raye. idFn out oerm with eTh Week Unwrapped podcast. Recovered sentence: The", "scrambled": "Acdnicrgo ot xsperet, na increase in het eburmn of icbhr trees geinb planted, upsl eth wider availability of foods from around the odlwr, has fuelled ohtsliap admissions orf ilalseger nda yxipahaalsn, hwhci have increased mfor 12,361 in 2002-03 ot 25,721 in the ptas raye. idFn out oerm with eTh Week Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "According to experts, an increase in the number of birch trees being planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled hospital admissions for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The growth of the economy, an increase in the number of coconut trees being planted, upsl the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled a sharp rise in admissions to a college or university in the yaxahaalasn, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with this week's Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU hhalet insurance imlsca found ttha pu ot $500 million fo medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d ot het sport, a cross eenwebt entins, tabmdinno nda aletb ntneis thta si especially popular htwi pensioners, orF more dod dan unexpected nsew, nsig pu to the lTal Tsale newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU health insurance imlsca found that $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between a cross-eyed entity and a tabbing machine and alternative therapies that is especially popular among pensioners, or more dod dan unexpected news, according to the ltal Tsale newsletter. Scrambled sentence: According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU hhalet insurance imlsca found ttha pu ot $500 million fo medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d ot het sport, a cross eenwebt entins, tabmdinno nda aletb ntneis thta si especially popular htwi pensioners, orF more dod dan unexpected nsew, nsig pu to the lTal Tsale newsletter. Scrambled sentence: According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU hhalet insurance imlsca found ttha pu o", "scrambled": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU hhalet insurance imlsca found ttha pu ot $500 million fo medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d ot het sport, a cross eenwebt entins, tabmdinno nda aletb ntneis thta si especially popular htwi pensioners, orF more dod dan unexpected nsew, nsig pu to the lTal Tsale newsletter.", "original": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of US health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between tennis, badminton and table tennis that is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU health insurance imlsca found that $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between a cross-eyed entity and a tabbing machine and alternative therapies that is especially popular among pensioners, or more dod dan unexpected news, according to the ltal Tsale newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si available in cities srosac the UK oerv teh eeedwnk vai the ovieDleor app. \u201ceLvo fried chicken? vLeo chocolate? Then tup your sdhna together,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro Deliveroo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si available in cities srosac the UK oerv teh eeedwnk vai the ovieDleor app. \u201ceLvo fried chicken? vLeo chocolate? Then tup your sdhna together,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro Deliveroo. Scrambled sentence: According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si available in cities srosac the UK oerv teh eeedwnk vai the ovieDleor app. \u201ceLvo fried chicken? vLeo chocolate? Then tup your sdhna together,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro Deliveroo. Scrambled sentence: According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat fgiaf", "scrambled": "According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si available in cities srosac the UK oerv teh eeedwnk vai the ovieDleor app. \u201ceLvo fried chicken? vLeo chocolate? Then tup your sdhna together,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro Deliveroo.", "original": "According to the Daily Star, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Aisha Jefferson from Deliveroo.", "recovered": "According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si available in cities srosac the UK oerv teh eeedwnk vai the ovieDleor app. \u201ceLvo fried chicken? vLeo chocolate? Then tup your sdhna together,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro Deliveroo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dgAcicorn to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, trehe si onw a greater likelihood hatt teh planet lliw surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming yb 2027. fI htsi shelodtrh si consistently cexedeed, ti would signify a hehiedetng risk of erangchi critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. sPagsni htees tipping otspin wdlou lead ot a ssle ohstpbelia palnte nda an laeaectnciro of climate change.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, there is a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this scenario is consistently cexedeed, it would signify a high risk of erangchi critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. sPagsni htees tipping otspin wdlou lead ot a ssle of ohstpbelia palnte nda an lsaectnciro of climate change. Scrambled sentence: dgAcicorn to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, trehe si onw a greater likelihood hatt teh planet lliw surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming yb 2027. fI htsi shelodtrh si consistently cexedeed, ti would signify a hehiedetng risk of erangchi critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. sPa", "scrambled": "dgAcicorn to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, trehe si onw a greater likelihood hatt teh planet lliw surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming yb 2027. fI htsi shelodtrh si consistently cexedeed, ti would signify a hehiedetng risk of erangchi critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. sPagsni htees tipping otspin wdlou lead ot a ssle ohstpbelia palnte nda an laeaectnciro of climate change.", "original": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of reaching critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet and an acceleration of climate change.", "recovered": "According to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, there is a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this scenario is consistently cexedeed, it would signify a high risk of erangchi critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. sPagsni htees tipping otspin wdlou lead ot a ssle of ohstpbelia palnte nda an lsaectnciro of climate change."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: niAcorcgd to the knith-tkna report, hte global eflte of iepvrat stej has more nath doubled in the past tow decades, hitting 23,133 ni idm-2022, nda sales are forecast to aherc a record ighh of $34.6nb (\u00a327.6bn) this raye. Find uto remo htwi Teh Week Uwdaprnep dtapsoc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to the knith-tkna report, the global effect of plastic waste has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 ni idm-2022, nda sales are forecast to hit a record high of $34.6nb (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more about this week's news in The Week UK. Scrambled sentence: niAcorcgd to the knith-tkna report, hte global eflte of iepvrat stej has more nath doubled in the past tow decades, hitting 23,133 ni idm-2022, nda sales are forecast to aherc a record ighh of $34.6nb (\u00a327.6bn) this raye. Find uto remo htwi Teh Week Uwdaprnep dtapsoc. Recovered sentence: According to the knith-tkna report, the global effect of plastic waste has more than doubled in the past", "scrambled": "niAcorcgd to the knith-tkna report, hte global eflte of iepvrat stej has more nath doubled in the past tow decades, hitting 23,133 ni idm-2022, nda sales are forecast to aherc a record ighh of $34.6nb (\u00a327.6bn) this raye. Find uto remo htwi Teh Week Uwdaprnep dtapsoc.", "original": "According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of private jets has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to the knith-tkna report, the global effect of plastic waste has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 ni idm-2022, nda sales are forecast to hit a record high of $34.6nb (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more about this week's news in The Week UK."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Addressing an audience ta teh Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd teach our kids ot eb interested ni and engaged ni pltiscio.\u201d The strategist and urotajnsil added ahtt rather naht \u201calcl ti itlcpsio\u201d, such lessons could eb dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d ro \u201cbig issues\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd teach our kids ot be interested ni and engaged ni politics.\u201d The strategist and urotajnsil added that rather naht \u201calcl to itlcpsio\u201d, such lessons could be dealt with real \u201cregnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Addressing an audience ta teh Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd teach our kids ot eb interested ni and engaged ni pltiscio.\u201d The strategist and urotajnsil added ahtt rather naht \u201calcl ti itlcpsio\u201d, such lessons could eb dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d ro \u201cbig issues\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Addressing an audience ", "scrambled": "Addressing an audience ta teh Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd teach our kids ot eb interested ni and engaged ni pltiscio.\u201d The strategist and urotajnsil added ahtt rather naht \u201calcl ti itlcpsio\u201d, such lessons could eb dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d ro \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "original": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids to be interested in and engaged in politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall it politics\u201d, such lessons could be called \u201carguing\u201d, \u201cpolicy\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "recovered": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd teach our kids ot be interested ni and engaged ni politics.\u201d The strategist and urotajnsil added that rather naht \u201calcl to itlcpsio\u201d, such lessons could be dealt with real \u201cregnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ervsAdis fro eth FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support fo making a ihrbt-control llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi over-het-ruceton, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ervsAdis fro eth FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support fo making a ihrbt-control llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi over-het-ruceton, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks. Scrambled sentence: ervsAdis fro eth FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support fo making a ihrbt-control llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi over-het-ruceton, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks. Scrambled sentence: ervsAdis fro eth FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support fo making a ihrbt-control llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi over-het-ruceton, aysnig the teief", "scrambled": "ervsAdis fro eth FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support fo making a ihrbt-control llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi over-het-ruceton, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks.", "original": "Advisers for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks.", "recovered": "ervsAdis fro eth FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support fo making a ihrbt-control llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi over-het-ruceton, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fAD candidate Robert emlssnnaSe mcdliae 52.8% fo eth vote ni Sunday\u2019s district council nru-off noieetlc, ngiaebt het incumbent district oastiartdmrin, from the tecenr-hritg Christian Democrat Party (DCU). The victory comes as tnaalnio llspo show a ugres ni oprtspu for eth DAf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "DA candidate Robert EmlssnnaSe mcdliae 52.8% fo eth vote ni Sunday\u2019s district council nru-off noieetlc, ngiaebt het incumbent district oastiartdmrin, from the tecenr-hritg Christian Democrat Party (DCU). The victory comes as tnaalnio llspo show a ugres ni oprtspu for eth DAf. Scrambled sentence: fAD candidate Robert emlssnnaSe mcdliae 52.8% fo eth vote ni Sunday\u2019s district council nru-off noieetlc, ngiaebt het incumbent district oastiartdmrin, from the tecenr-hritg Christian Democrat Party (DCU). The victory comes as tnaalnio llspo show a ugres ni oprtspu", "scrambled": "fAD candidate Robert emlssnnaSe mcdliae 52.8% fo eth vote ni Sunday\u2019s district council nru-off noieetlc, ngiaebt het incumbent district oastiartdmrin, from the tecenr-hritg Christian Democrat Party (DCU). The victory comes as tnaalnio llspo show a ugres ni oprtspu for eth DAf.", "original": "AfD candidate Robert Sesselmann claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent district administrator, from the centre-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a surge in support for the AfD.", "recovered": "DA candidate Robert EmlssnnaSe mcdliae 52.8% fo eth vote ni Sunday\u2019s district council nru-off noieetlc, ngiaebt het incumbent district oastiartdmrin, from the tecenr-hritg Christian Democrat Party (DCU). The victory comes as tnaalnio llspo show a ugres ni oprtspu for eth DAf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fretA a 60-year scientific quest, teh world sha tsi sitrf ecaivcn ot protect iansgta respiratory ytislcnay virus, or RSV.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has a vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV. Scrambled sentence: fretA a 60-year scientific quest, the world has a vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV. Recovered sentence: After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has a vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV. Scrambled sentence: fretA a 60-year scientific quest, the world has a vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV. Recovered sentence: After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has a vaccine against respiratory sy After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has a vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus virus, or RSV. Scrambled sentence: fretA a 60-year scientific quest, the world has a vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus virus, or RSV. Scrambled sentence: fretA a 60-year scientific quest, the world has a vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus virus, or", "scrambled": "fretA a 60-year scientific quest, teh world sha tsi sitrf ecaivcn ot protect iansgta respiratory ytislcnay virus, or RSV.", "original": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "recovered": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has a vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: degA 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to recag the cover fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm edition. She okto the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Maye kuMs, who oesdp ta het eag fo 74 in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to recag the cover fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm edition. She okto the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Maye kuMs, who oesdp ta het eag fo 74 in 2022. Scrambled sentence: degA 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to recag the cover fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm edition. She okto the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Maye kuMs, who oesdp ta het eag fo 74 in 2022. Scrambled sentence: degA 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to recag the cover fo rstS", "scrambled": "degA 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to recag the cover fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm edition. She okto the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Maye kuMs, who oesdp ta het eag fo 74 in 2022.", "original": "Aged 81, Stewart is the oldest person to grace the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Elon Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who posed at the age of 74 in 2022.", "recovered": "At 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to recag the cover fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm edition. She okto the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Maye kuMs, who oesdp ta het eag fo 74 in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tmAlos a whole dpo of pilot whales eidd after 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh on het rOeut eHeibarnd island. otiPl whales rae \u201cnotorious rof their rngost social nobds\u201d, said ithirBs Divers Marine Leif Rescue. ehT charity believes the dpo might have oldolfwe neo of the sewhla aerohs taerf ti had difficulty giving birth.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "tmAlos a whole dpo of pilot whales eidd after 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh on het rOeut eHeibarnd island. otiPl whales rae \u201cnotorious rof their rngost social nobds\u201d, said ithirBs Divers Marine Leif Rescue. ehT charity believes the dpo might have oldolfwe neo of the sewhla aerohs taerf ti had difficulty giving birth. Scrambled sentence: tmAlos a whole dpo of pilot whales eidd after 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh on het rOeut eHeibarnd island. otiPl whales rae \u201cnotorious rof their rngost social nobds\u201d, said ithirBs Divers Marine Leif Rescue. ehT charity believes the d", "scrambled": "tmAlos a whole dpo of pilot whales eidd after 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh on het rOeut eHeibarnd island. otiPl whales rae \u201cnotorious rof their rngost social nobds\u201d, said ithirBs Divers Marine Leif Rescue. ehT charity believes the dpo might have oldolfwe neo of the sewhla aerohs taerf ti had difficulty giving birth.", "original": "Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Outer Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have followed one of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.", "recovered": "tmAlos a whole dpo of pilot whales eidd after 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh on het rOeut eHeibarnd island. otiPl whales rae \u201cnotorious rof their rngost social nobds\u201d, said ithirBs Divers Marine Leif Rescue. ehT charity believes the dpo might have oldolfwe neo of the sewhla aerohs taerf ti had difficulty giving birth."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Amazon garede ot ayp a hefty usm to settle privacy isnctmpola over its Alexa ecvio assistant adn Ring doorbell earsacm. ehT settlements hwit the Federal radeT onimmoCiss hlhgtghii asclim that eht ycapnmo etaidrne Ring videos nda Alexa voice recordings rfo ryaes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy issues over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission acknowledge that the company has collected Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years. Scrambled sentence: Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy issues over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell earsacm. The settlements hwit the Federal radeT onimmoCiss hlhgtghii asclim that eht ycapnmo etaidrne Ring videos nda Alexa voice recordings rfo ryaes. Scrambled sentence: Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy issues over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell earsacm. The settlements hwit the Federal radeT onimmoCiss hlhgtghii asclim that eht ycapnmo etaidrne Ring videos nda Alexa voice recordings rfo ryaes. Scramble", "scrambled": "Amazon garede ot ayp a hefty usm to settle privacy isnctmpola over its Alexa ecvio assistant adn Ring doorbell earsacm. ehT settlements hwit the Federal radeT onimmoCiss hlhgtghii asclim that eht ycapnmo etaidrne Ring videos nda Alexa voice recordings rfo ryaes.", "original": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission highlight claims that the company retained Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years.", "recovered": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy issues over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission acknowledge that the company has collected Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aAnzom\u2019s virtual ccinli si now fnoregif hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and ihtnsnaWgo, DC, the mayoncp nondueanc on ysueaTd. onmaAz previously launched its won digital drugstore, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "aAnzom\u2019s virtual ccinli is now fnoregif hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and ihtnsnaWgo, DC, the mayoncp nondueanc on ysueaTd. onmaAz previously launched its won digital drugstore, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020. Scrambled sentence: aAnzom\u2019s virtual ccinli si now fnoregif hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and ihtnsnaWgo, DC, the mayoncp nondueanc on ysueaTd. onmaAz previously launched its won digital drugstore, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020. Scrambled sentence: aAnzom\u2019s virtual ccinli si now fnoregif hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea", "scrambled": "aAnzom\u2019s virtual ccinli si now fnoregif hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and ihtnsnaWgo, DC, the mayoncp nondueanc on ysueaTd. onmaAz previously launched its won digital drugstore, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020.", "original": "Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced on Tuesday. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, Amazon Pharmacy, in 2020.", "recovered": "aAnzom\u2019s virtual ccinli is now fnoregif hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and ihtnsnaWgo, DC, the mayoncp nondueanc on ysueaTd. onmaAz previously launched its won digital drugstore, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: An ynasilsa fo atad on 10,528 satnietp dmdaeitt to lithaosp ni dalIner ihtw a serious rteah tkacta over a five-year period found ttha rates were 13% higher on yMosadn. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions ot sleep cycles over hte weekend thta aym trigger eighhr lvlees of tlniofmamina and stress hormones ewnh lopepe rtunre ot tiehr aulus weekday isirgn eismt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "An analysis of 10,528 weekend deaths due to a serious illness in a diabetic patient over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on a Sunday. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions of sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of tylniofamina and stress hormones ewnh lopepe rtunre ot tiehr aulus weekday isirgn eismt. Scrambled sentence: An ynasilsa fo atad on 10,528 satnietp dmdaeitt to lithaosp ni dalIner ihtw a serious rteah tkacta over a five-year period found ttha rates were 13% higher on yMosadn. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions ot sleep cycles over hte weekend thta aym trigger eighhr lvlees of tlniofmamina and stress", "scrambled": "An ynasilsa fo atad on 10,528 satnietp dmdaeitt to lithaosp ni dalIner ihtw a serious rteah tkacta over a five-year period found ttha rates were 13% higher on yMosadn. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions ot sleep cycles over hte weekend thta aym trigger eighhr lvlees of tlniofmamina and stress hormones ewnh lopepe rtunre ot tiehr aulus weekday isirgn eismt.", "original": "An analysis of data on 10,528 patients admitted to hospital in Ireland with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual weekday rising times.", "recovered": "An analysis of 10,528 weekend deaths due to a serious illness in a diabetic patient over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on a Sunday. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions of sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of tylniofamina and stress hormones ewnh lopepe rtunre ot tiehr aulus weekday isirgn eismt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: naA Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public deabet since having a baby irgl via surrogacy (which is lgeilal in Snpai) ni eth SU, using the ermsp fo hre son lieAsso, woh ddie of arencc in 2020 ta the eag fo 27. eTh 68-year-ldo TV presenter told aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cdying hswi\u201d was to have a lchdi, so eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym daughter, but ym granddaughter\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "naA Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public deabet since having a baby irgl via surrogacy (which is lgeilal in Snpai) ni eth SU, using the ermsp fo hre son lieAsso, woh ddie of arencc in 2020 ta the eag fo 27. eTh 68-year-ldo TV presenter told aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cdying hswi\u201d was to have a lchdi, so eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym daughter, but ym granddaughter\u201d. Scrambled sentence: naA Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public deabet since having a baby irgl via surrogacy (which is lgeilal in Snpai) ni eth SU, using the ermsp fo hre son lieAsso, woh ddie of aren", "scrambled": "naA Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public deabet since having a baby irgl via surrogacy (which is lgeilal in Snpai) ni eth SU, using the ermsp fo hre son lieAsso, woh ddie of arencc in 2020 ta the eag fo 27. eTh 68-year-ldo TV presenter told aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cdying hswi\u201d was to have a lchdi, so eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym daughter, but ym granddaughter\u201d.", "original": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus of public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) in the US, using the sperm of her son Alessio, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my granddaughter\u201d.", "recovered": "naA Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public deabet since having a baby irgl via surrogacy (which is lgeilal in Snpai) ni eth SU, using the ermsp fo hre son lieAsso, woh ddie of arencc in 2020 ta the eag fo 27. eTh 68-year-ldo TV presenter told aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cdying hswi\u201d was to have a lchdi, so eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym daughter, but ym granddaughter\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nnoAniungc hte appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary lohosc teacher aCridro \u201csah hte knowledge, evidr, experience and eeryng to send astr packing nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci for lal New Yorkers\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "nnoAniungc hte appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary lohosc teacher aCridro \u201csah hte knowledge, evidr, evidr and eeryng to send astr packing nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci for lal New Yorkers\u201d. Scrambled sentence: nnoAniungc hte appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary lohosc teacher aCridro \u201csah hte knowledge, evidr, evidr and eeryng to send astr packing nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci for lal New Yorkers\u201d. Scrambled sentence: nnoAniungc hte appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary lohosc teacher aCridro \u201csah hte knowledge, evidr, evidr and e", "scrambled": "nnoAniungc hte appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary lohosc teacher aCridro \u201csah hte knowledge, evidr, experience and eeryng to send astr packing nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci for lal New Yorkers\u201d.", "original": "Announcing the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas the knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send rats packing and create a cleaner, more welcoming city for all New Yorkers\u201d.", "recovered": "nnoAniungc hte appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary lohosc teacher aCridro \u201csah hte knowledge, evidr, evidr and eeryng to send astr packing nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci for lal New Yorkers\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Apple introduced a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d headset called eAppl Vision rPo, a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said ti will eb vaaleilab yearl xten year in eth SU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Apple introduced a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d headset called eAppl Vision rPo, a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said ti will eb vaaleilab yearl xten year in eth SU. Scrambled sentence: Apple introduced a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d headset called eAppl Vision rPo, a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said ti will eb vaaleilab yearl xten year in eth SU. Scrambled sentence: Apple introduced a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d headset called eAppl Vision rPo, a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said", "scrambled": "Apple introduced a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d headset called eAppl Vision rPo, a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said ti will eb vaaleilab yearl xten year in eth SU.", "original": "Apple introduced a \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US.", "recovered": "Apple introduced a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d headset called eAppl Vision rPo, a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said ti will eb vaaleilab yearl xten year in eth SU."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: irpApxoleatym 10% of eth world\u2019s ounpapotil \u2013 or na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 lack access to clean wtare, according ot eth World Health Organization.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or na etaimsetd 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization. Scrambled sentence: irpApxoleatym 10% of eth world\u2019s ounpapotil \u2013 or na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeellp \u2013 lack access to clean wtare, according ot eth World Health Organization. Recovered sentence: 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or na etaimsetd 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization. Scrambled sentence: irpApxoleatym 10% of eth world\u2019s ounpapotil \u2013 or na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 lack access to clean wtare, according ot eth World Health Organization. Recovered sentence: 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or n", "scrambled": "irpApxoleatym 10% of eth world\u2019s ounpapotil \u2013 or na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 lack access to clean wtare, according ot eth World Health Organization.", "original": "Approximately 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization.", "recovered": "10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or na etaimsetd 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aodurn 1,500 tesim belonging ot teh rfroem Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co chtaosmue comb and a ilks aciwttsao dcoardete with cats \u2013 will eb displayed at Stobhye\u2019s London from 4 tsugAu tulni 5 betreemSp, and lwil then og nerdu the rmmeha.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A total of 1,500 items belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes combs \u2013 will be displayed at Sto A total of 1,500 items belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes combs belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany ", "scrambled": "Aodurn 1,500 tesim belonging ot teh rfroem Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co chtaosmue comb and a ilks aciwttsao dcoardete with cats \u2013 will eb displayed at Stobhye\u2019s London from 4 tsugAu tulni 5 betreemSp, and lwil then og nerdu the rmmeha.", "original": "Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co moustache comb and a silk waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Sotheby\u2019s London from 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer.", "recovered": "A total of 1,500 items belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes combs \u2013 will be displayed at Sto A total of 1,500 items belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes combs belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the late Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co comb and a likes belonging to the Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Arriving on the ehels fo spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, wthi dre sofdo nad drinks like wretrasrby soda dominating osthe spreads. The color red si believed ot represent the ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf ancestors.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Arriving on the ehels fo spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, wwith dre sofdo nad drinks like wretrasrby soda dominating osthe spreads. The color red si believed ot represent the ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf ancestors. Scrambled sentence: Arriving on the ehels fo spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, wwith dre sofdo nad drinks like wretrasrby soda dominating osthe spreads. The color red si believed ot represent the ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf ancestors. Scrambled sentence: Arriving on the ehels fo spring, ", "scrambled": "Arriving on the ehels fo spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, wthi dre sofdo nad drinks like wretrasrby soda dominating osthe spreads. The color red si believed ot represent the ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf ancestors.", "original": "Arriving on the heels of spring, Juneteenth festivities typically involve picnics, with red foods and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red is believed to represent the blood shed by enslaved African ancestors.", "recovered": "Arriving on the ehels fo spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, wwith dre sofdo nad drinks like wretrasrby soda dominating osthe spreads. The color red si believed ot represent the ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf ancestors."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As hes deobw uto of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing ceshep calling rfo politics to be opened pu to atypical leaders. She iads: \u201cYou can eb ianxuso, tveieissn, kndi nda wear your heart no ruyo seelev. uoY can eb a etomrh, ro tno, an xe-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a reirc, a hugger \u2013 you can be lla fo htees things, and otn noyl nca oyu be eher \u2013 you can aedl.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc rhe shock eitnisaorng ni January, saying hes had \u201con oemr left ni eth nkat\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "As shes deobw uto of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing cehep calling rfo politics to be opened pu to atypical leaders. She iads: \u201cYou can eb ianxuso, tveieissn, kndi nda wear your heart no ruyo seelev. uoY can eb a etomrh, ro tno, an xe-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a reirc, a hugger \u2013 you can be lla fo htees things, and otn noyl nca oyu be eher \u2013 you can aedl.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc rhe shock eitnisaorng ni January, saying hes had \u201con oemr left ni eth nkat\u201d. Scrambled sentence:", "scrambled": "As hes deobw uto of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing ceshep calling rfo politics to be opened pu to atypical leaders. She iads: \u201cYou can eb ianxuso, tveieissn, kndi nda wear your heart no ruyo seelev. uoY can eb a etomrh, ro tno, an xe-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a reirc, a hugger \u2013 you can be lla fo htees things, and otn noyl nca oyu be eher \u2013 you can aedl.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc rhe shock eitnisaorng ni January, saying hes had \u201con oemr left ni eth nkat\u201d.", "original": "As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be anxious, sensitive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a crier, a hugger \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Ardern announced her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201cno more left in the tank\u201d.", "recovered": "As shes deobw uto of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing cehep calling rfo politics to be opened pu to atypical leaders. She iads: \u201cYou can eb ianxuso, tveieissn, kndi nda wear your heart no ruyo seelev. uoY can eb a etomrh, ro tno, an xe-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a reirc, a hugger \u2013 you can be lla fo htees things, and otn noyl nca oyu be eher \u2013 you can aedl.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc rhe shock eitnisaorng ni January, saying hes had \u201con oemr left ni eth nkat\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As the ateenmesrg tbeenew hte UK dna iArtausla, as ewll sa the UK nad wNe Zealand, okot effect this kewe, various tiems were xehdecagn as goodwill gestures. Beano ccimos, ensdgi yb het comic\u2019s oiertd, aongl with Penderyn single taml lsehW hywksi, Brighton Gin, asgb from the Cambridge Satchel oC, nad ereFv-Tree xeisrm erew sent to both aoitsnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "As the ateenmesrg tbeenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew h", "scrambled": "As the ateenmesrg tbeenew hte UK dna iArtausla, as ewll sa the UK nad wNe Zealand, okot effect this kewe, various tiems were xehdecagn as goodwill gestures. Beano ccimos, ensdgi yb het comic\u2019s oiertd, aongl with Penderyn single taml lsehW hywksi, Brighton Gin, asgb from the Cambridge Satchel oC, nad ereFv-Tree xeisrm erew sent to both aoitsnn.", "original": "As the agreements between the UK and Australia, as well as the UK and New Zealand, took effect this week, various items were exchanged as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single malt Welsh whisky, Brighton Gin, bags from the Cambridge Satchel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations.", "recovered": "As the ateenmesrg tbeenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew htenew h"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA 80 years old, dBine si het edstlo espnretdi in American rsioyht, and fi ereectdel, eh would be 86 when niengd his second term. neWh pressed no shi age during a eswn conference this kewe, Biden iads he \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta it\u201d oberef gddneici to run and \u201cfeels odgo.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At 80 years old, Biden says he has the oldest son in American right, and if elected, he would be 86 when he reaches his second term. When pressed no his age during a news conference this week, Biden says he \u201ctakes a look at it\u201d if given the opportunity to run and \u201cfeels odgo.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: tA 80 years old, dBine si het edstlo espnretdi in American rsioyht, and fi ereectdel, eh would be 86 when niengd his second term. neWh pressed no shi age during a eswn conference this kewe, Biden iads he \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta it\u201d oberef gddneici to run and \u201cfeels odgo.\u201d. Recovered sentence: At 80 years old, Biden says he has the oldest son in American right, and", "scrambled": "tA 80 years old, dBine si het edstlo espnretdi in American rsioyht, and fi ereectdel, eh would be 86 when niengd his second term. neWh pressed no shi age during a eswn conference this kewe, Biden iads he \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta it\u201d oberef gddneici to run and \u201cfeels odgo.\u201d.", "original": "At 80 years old, Biden is the oldest president in American history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "recovered": "At 80 years old, Biden says he has the oldest son in American right, and if elected, he would be 86 when he reaches his second term. When pressed no his age during a news conference this week, Biden says he \u201ctakes a look at it\u201d if given the opportunity to run and \u201cfeels odgo.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA atles 13 oplpee in a dozen stesat were tenicdef yb a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the DCC asdi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were tenaciously yb a salmonella outbreak due to a salmonella eusear\u0103 in flour to Gold Medal flour, the DCC asdi. Scrambled sentence: tA atles 13 oplpee in a dozen stesat were tenicdef yb a salmonella euaobtrk inkdeAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAt", "scrambled": "tA atles 13 oplpee in a dozen stesat were tenicdef yb a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the DCC asdi.", "original": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "recovered": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were tenaciously yb a salmonella outbreak due to a salmonella eusear\u0103 in flour to Gold Medal flour, the DCC asdi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA least ixs poleep ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois dylsuedn emad ti nearly ipsoslembi to see no the short stretch of giahyhw, officials adsi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A least ixs people were killed Monday in a dust storm that blew into a dust rmost in Illinois, officials said, making it nearly impossible to see no the short stretch of giahyhw, officials said. Scrambled sentence: tA least ixs poleep ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois dylsuedn emad ti nearly ipsoslembi to see no the short stretch of giahyhw, officials adsi. Scrambled sentence: tA least ixs poleep ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois dylsuedn emad ti nearly ipsoslembi to see no the short stretch of giahyhw, officials adsi. Scrambled sentence: tA least ixs poleep ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois dylsuedn emad ti nearly ipso", "scrambled": "tA least ixs poleep ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois dylsuedn emad ti nearly ipsoslembi to see no the short stretch of giahyhw, officials adsi.", "original": "At least six people were killed Monday when a dust storm in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.", "recovered": "A least ixs people were killed Monday in a dust storm that blew into a dust rmost in Illinois, officials said, making it nearly impossible to see no the short stretch of giahyhw, officials said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uistrAala gained revenge for their agonising otw-run shesA defeat ta het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their atfs-oebrwl captain Pta msCumni led sih side ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw an nteebuna 44.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "uistrAala gained revenge for their agonising otw-run shesA defeat ta het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their atfs-oebrwl captain Pta msCumni led sih side ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw an nteebuna 44. Scrambled sentence: uistrAala gained revenge for their agonising otw-run shesA defeat ta het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their atfs-oebrwl captain Pta msCumni led sih side ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw an nteebuna 44. Recovered sentence: uistrAala gained revenge for their agonising otw-run shesA defeat ta het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their atfs-oebrwl captain Pta msCum", "scrambled": "uistrAala gained revenge for their agonising otw-run shesA defeat ta het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their atfs-oebrwl captain Pta msCumni led sih side ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw an nteebuna 44.", "original": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising two-run Ashes defeat at the Birmingham ground in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-bowler captain Pat Cummins led his side to improbable victory with an unbeaten 44.", "recovered": "uistrAala gained revenge for their agonising otw-run shesA defeat ta het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their atfs-oebrwl captain Pta msCumni led sih side ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw an nteebuna 44."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Australian firm oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo dan kangaroos, and used DNA orfm the extinct ceI egA pescesi ot swho who far hte irnadbeous fo cultured tmea may eb pushed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Australian firm oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo dan kangaroos, and used DNA orfm the extinct ceI egA pescesi ot swho who far hte irnadbeous fo cultured tmea may eb pushed. Scrambled sentence: Australian firm oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo dan kangaroos, and used DNA orfm the extinct ceI egA pescesi ot swho who far hte irnadbeous fo cultured tmea may eb pushed. Scrambled sentence: Australian firm oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-og", "scrambled": "Australian firm oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo dan kangaroos, and used DNA orfm the extinct ceI egA pescesi ot swho who far hte irnadbeous fo cultured tmea may eb pushed.", "original": "Australian firm Vow has previously created lab-grown meat from the cells of animals including alpacas, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of cultured meat may be pushed.", "recovered": "Australian firm oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo dan kangaroos, and used DNA orfm the extinct ceI egA pescesi ot swho who far hte irnadbeous fo cultured tmea may eb pushed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo ibheiontxi in 14 years will tfeeuar stencils deus ot arcete myna fo the agtffiir artist\u2019s most iconic works from sorcas his rceear.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Banks Bank Banky\u2019s Banky\u2019s Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofca", "scrambled": "Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo ibheiontxi in 14 years will tfeeuar stencils deus ot arcete myna fo the agtffiir artist\u2019s most iconic works from sorcas his rceear.", "original": "Banky\u2019s first official solo exhibition in 14 years will feature stencils used to create many of the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his career.", "recovered": "Banks Bank Banky\u2019s Banky\u2019s Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofcai solo exhibition in 14 years will be held at the Banks Banky\u2019s stifr fliofca"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bassett asw eddeiscrno teh front nuernr for the gong, for hre role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, tub lost out ot thyEegrnvi Erweehreyv All ta Once star Curtis, ni eon fo the gbstige sesput of the gtinh ta Sunday\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Bassett was eddeiscrno teh front nuernr for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, but lost out to Once star Curtis, ni eon fo the gbstige sesput of the gtinh ta Sunday\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem. Scrambled sentence: Bassett asw eddeiscrno teh front nuernr for the gong, for hre role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, tub lost out ot thyEegrnvi Erweehreyv All ta Once star Curtis, ni eon fo the gbstige sesput of the gtinh ta Sunday\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem. Recovered sentence: Bassett was eddeiscrno teh front nuernr for the gong, for her", "scrambled": "Bassett asw eddeiscrno teh front nuernr for the gong, for hre role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, tub lost out ot thyEegrnvi Erweehreyv All ta Once star Curtis, ni eon fo the gbstige sesput of the gtinh ta Sunday\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem.", "original": "Bassett was considered the front runner for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost out to Everything Everywhere All at Once star Curtis, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards ceremony.", "recovered": "Bassett was eddeiscrno teh front nuernr for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, but lost out to Once star Curtis, ni eon fo the gbstige sesput of the gtinh ta Sunday\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15 victory roev four-miest winner ebylS in eht World nekooSr Championship alifn ta Sheffield\u2019s bculrCie no Monday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15 victory over four-mie Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner ebylS in the World neko Jude\u0163ean Championship at Sheffield\u2019s bculrCie on Monday. Scrambled sentence: Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner ebylS in the World nekooS Championship at Sheffield\u2019s bculrCie on Monday. Scrambled sentence: Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner ebylS in the World nekooS Championship at Sheffield\u2019s bculrCie on Monday. Scrambled sentence: Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner ebylS in the World nekooS Championship at Sheffield\u2019s bculrCie on Monday. Scrambled sentence: Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15", "scrambled": "Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15 victory roev four-miest winner ebylS in eht World nekooSr Championship alifn ta Sheffield\u2019s bculrCie no Monday.", "original": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in the World Snooker Championship final at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible on Monday.", "recovered": "Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15 victory over four-mie Belgium\u2019s elrceB claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner ebylS in the World neko Jude\u0163ean Championship at Sheffield\u2019s bculrCie on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eenBwte 14 adn 20 inches ewer dumped no South ilraFdo vroe a 24-hour period. ehT downpour closed loscosh nda Fort Lauderdale\u2019s trparoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: eenBwte 14 adn 14 inches ewer dumped on South ilraFdo vroe vroe a 24-hour period. ehT downpour closed loscosh nda Fort Lauderdale\u2019s trparoi. Scrambled sentence: eenBwte 14 adn 14 inches ewer dumped on South ilraFdo vroe vroe a 24-hour period. ehT downpour closed loscosh nda Fort Lauderdale\u2019s trparoi. Scrambled sentence: eenBwte 14 adn 14 inches ewer dumped on South ilraFdo vroe vroe a 24-hour period. ehT downpour closed loscosh nda Fort Lauderdale\u2019s trparoi. Scrambled sentence: eenBwte 14 adn 14 inches e", "scrambled": "eenBwte 14 adn 20 inches ewer dumped no South ilraFdo vroe a 24-hour period. ehT downpour closed loscosh nda Fort Lauderdale\u2019s trparoi.", "original": "Between 14 and 20 inches were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour closed schools and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: indBe hosted dnnaIi eimrP Minister Narendra Modi ta the iWteh sHoue on Thursday ofr a lavish, tented astte drenin hatt dueetfra a plant-deasb menu ofr the setug fo honor, who si a vegetarian.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B", "scrambled": "indBe hosted dnnaIi eimrP Minister Narendra Modi ta the iWteh sHoue on Thursday ofr a lavish, tented astte drenin hatt dueetfra a plant-deasb menu ofr the setug fo honor, who si a vegetarian.", "original": "Biden hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner that featured a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian.", "recovered": "Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B hosted Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the IIT-B"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Blinken edraltve ot hniaC for msngeeit tihw otp officials, including President Xi gJpinni. nkeiBnl si the first SU rraeyctes fo state ot visit Beijing in five years, nad ihs talks were seen sa a eky mlusit test ofr etrehhw the tow esvnntgorme can stop relations romf continuing to eeaotrrietd ta a time of lingering ttsuisrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Blinken praised the receptiveness of Beijing for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. This is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and these talks were seen as a litmus test of whether the two countries\u2019 economic ties can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering tensions. Scrambled sentence: Blinken edraltve ot hniaC for msngeeit tihw otp officials, including President Xi gJpinni. nkeiBnl si the first SU rraeyctes fo state ot visit Beijing in five years, nad ihs talks were seen sa a eky mlusit test ofr etrehhw the tow esvnntgorme can stop relations romf continuing to eeaotrrietd ta a time of lingering ttsuisrd. Recovered sentence: B", "scrambled": "Blinken edraltve ot hniaC for msngeeit tihw otp officials, including President Xi gJpinni. nkeiBnl si the first SU rraeyctes fo state ot visit Beijing in five years, nad ihs talks were seen sa a eky mlusit test ofr etrehhw the tow esvnntgorme can stop relations romf continuing to eeaotrrietd ta a time of lingering ttsuisrd.", "original": "Blinken traveled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two governments can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering distrust.", "recovered": "Blinken praised the receptiveness of Beijing for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. This is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and these talks were seen as a litmus test of whether the two countries\u2019 economic ties can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering tensions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Btho inrceP aryHr adn lntoE John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi ecas against the lehiburps fo the Daily Mail gets dunerywa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Btho inrceP aryHr and lntoE John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi ecas against the lehiburps fo the Daily Mail gets dunerywa. Scrambled sentence: Btho inrceP aryHr and lntoE John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi ecas against the lehiburps fo the Daily Mail gets dunerywa. Scrambled sentence: Btho inrceP aryHr and lntoE John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi ecas against the lehiburps fo the Daily Mail gets dunerywa. Scrambled sentence: Btho inrceP aryHr and lntoE John were ni court this week sa a high-role", "scrambled": "Btho inrceP aryHr adn lntoE John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi ecas against the lehiburps fo the Daily Mail gets dunerywa.", "original": "Both Prince Harry and Elton John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets underway.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege will become colvislJknea\u2019s istfr female yoarm. This mskra only the second time ni 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office ni Florida\u2019s omst ospluoup city.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "CNN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege will become colvislJknea\u2019s istfr female yoarm. This mskra only the second time ni 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office ni Florida\u2019s omst ospluoup city. Scrambled sentence: CNN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege will become colvislJknea\u2019s istfr female yoarm. This mskra only the second time ni 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office ni Florida\u2019s omst ospluoup city. Scrambled sentence: CNN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege will become colvislJknea\u2019s istfr female yoarm. This mskra only", "scrambled": "CNN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege will become colvislJknea\u2019s istfr female yoarm. This mskra only the second time ni 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office ni Florida\u2019s omst ospluoup city.", "original": "CNN projects Democrat Donna Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.", "recovered": "CNN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege will become colvislJknea\u2019s istfr female yoarm. This mskra only the second time ni 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office ni Florida\u2019s omst ospluoup city."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN recently organised a vlie eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws session afirntegu reofrm pdretesin Doaldn Trump. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a supportive audience, Trump swiftly aeusmds control fo the event. eH tryneuleqf interrupted the moderator, blilneagl ehr as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating iamcsl fo a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof the broadcast, NNC CEO Chris Licht pdesxeres his wnurievnag stouprp for hte wton hall ncetcpo. eH said he bdveelei history liwl view teh ownretk\u2019s isconide to interview pumTr, edrdnuousr yb cgeenrhi supporters, favourably. But eh addde that eh would like ot improve some production elements.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "CNN recently organised a vlie eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws session afirntegu reofrm pdretesin Doaldn Trump. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a supportive audience, Trump swiftly aeusmds control fo the event. eH tryneuleqf interrupted the moderator, blilneagl ehr as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating iamcsl fo a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof the broadcast, NNC CEO Chris Licht pdesxeres his wnurievnag stouprp for the town hall ncetcpo. eH said he bdveelei history liwl view teh ownretk\u2019s isconide", "scrambled": "CNN recently organised a vlie eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws session afirntegu reofrm pdretesin Doaldn Trump. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a supportive audience, Trump swiftly aeusmds control fo the event. eH tryneuleqf interrupted the moderator, blilneagl ehr as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating iamcsl fo a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof the broadcast, NNC CEO Chris Licht pdesxeres his wnurievnag stouprp for hte wton hall ncetcpo. eH said he bdveelei history liwl view teh ownretk\u2019s isconide to interview pumTr, edrdnuousr yb cgeenrhi supporters, favourably. But eh addde that eh would like ot improve some production elements.", "original": "CNN recently organised a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. In a setting fuelled by a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. He frequently interrupted the moderator, labelling her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims of a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht expressed his unwavering support for the town hall concept. He said he believed history will view the network\u2019s decision to interview Trump, surrounded by cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that he would like to improve some production elements.", "recovered": "CNN recently organised a vlie eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws session afirntegu reofrm pdretesin Doaldn Trump. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a supportive audience, Trump swiftly aeusmds control fo the event. eH tryneuleqf interrupted the moderator, blilneagl ehr as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating iamcsl fo a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof the broadcast, NNC CEO Chris Licht pdesxeres his wnurievnag stouprp for the town hall ncetcpo. eH said he bdveelei history liwl view teh ownretk\u2019s isconide"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: California sndterei ikNc elSborte also ssue his cdorer-rkanibeg tongue, ichwh measures 3.97ni (10.1cm), to paint pictures.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "California sea otter also uses his cdorer-rkanibeg tongue, which measures 3.97 inches (10.1cm), to paint pictures. Scrambled sentence: California sndterei ikNc elSborte also ssue his cdorer-rkanibeg tongue, ichwh measures 3.97ni (10.1cm), to paint pictures. Scrambled sentence: California sndterei ikNc elSborte also ssue his cdorer-rkanibeg tongue, ichwh measures 3.97ni (10.1cm), to paint pictures. Scrambled sentence: California sndterei ikNc elSborte also ssue his cdorer-rkanibeg tongue, ichwh measures 3.97ni (10.1cm), to paint pictures. Scrambled sentence: California sndterei ikNc elSborte also ssue his cd", "scrambled": "California sndterei ikNc elSborte also ssue his cdorer-rkanibeg tongue, ichwh measures 3.97ni (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "original": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also uses his record-breaking tongue, which measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "recovered": "California sea otter also uses his cdorer-rkanibeg tongue, which measures 3.97 inches (10.1cm), to paint pictures."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: vanilC Coolidge was onrb in moulyPht, ntormeV, on July 4, 1872.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "vanilCo Coolidge was born in a small town in Massachusetts, ntormeV, on July 4, 1872. Scrambled sentence: vanilCo Coolidge was onrb in moulyPht, ntormeV, on July 4, 1872. Scrambled sentence: vanilCo Coolidge was onrb in moulyPht, ntormeV, on July 4, 1872. Scrambled sentence: vanilCo Coolidge was onrb in moulyPht, ntormeV, on July 4, 1872. Scrambled sentence: vanilCo Coolidge was onrb in mou Cooli Scrambled sentence: CooliCo CooliCo CooliCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo CoolCo Cool", "scrambled": "vanilC Coolidge was onrb in moulyPht, ntormeV, on July 4, 1872.", "original": "Calvin Coolidge was born in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.", "recovered": "vanilCo Coolidge was born in a small town in Massachusetts, ntormeV, on July 4, 1872."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Canadian Prime srMnitie Justin reaTuud cnnanuedo Wednesday that he and shi eiwf Sophie Gr\u00e9goire duuareT are sngriptaae. heT rsaeuuTd have three iernldch erttgeoh, lla under the ega fo 15.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced on Wednesday that he and his girlfriend Sophie Gr\u00e9goire du Biche are engaged. They have three children together, all under the age of 15. Scrambled sentence: Canadian Prime srMnitie Justin reaTuud cnnanuedo Wednesday that he and shi eiwf Sophie Gr\u00e9goire duuareT are sngriptaae. heT rsaeuuTd have three iernldch erttgeoh, lla under the ega fo 15. Scrambled sentence: Canadian Prime srMnitie Justin reaTuud cnnanuedo Wednesday that he and shi eiwf Sophie Gr\u00e9goire duuareT are sngriptaae. heT rsaeuuTd have three iernldch erttgeoh, lla under the ega fo 15. Scrambled sentence: Canadian Prime srMnitie Justin", "scrambled": "Canadian Prime srMnitie Justin reaTuud cnnanuedo Wednesday that he and shi eiwf Sophie Gr\u00e9goire duuareT are sngriptaae. heT rsaeuuTd have three iernldch erttgeoh, lla under the ega fo 15.", "original": "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. The Trudeaus have three children together, all under the age of 15.", "recovered": "Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced on Wednesday that he and his girlfriend Sophie Gr\u00e9goire du Biche are engaged. They have three children together, all under the age of 15."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Canadian thhela officials ays eth enw regulation to elbla yrvee taeirtgec with a innrwga message si arpt fo the yutornc\u2019s alog to rpdo nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% yb 2035.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Canadian tobacco officials say the new regulation to eliminate youth vaping goes hand in hand with a powerful message supporting the government\u2019s plan to reduce nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035. Scrambled sentence: Canadian thhela officials ays eth enw regulation to elbla yrvee taeirtgec with a innrwga message si arpt fo the yutornc\u2019s alog to rpdo nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% yb 2035. Scrambled sentence: Canadian thhela officials ays eth enw regulation to elbla yrvee taeirtgec with a innrwga message si arpt fo the yutornc\u2019s alog to rpdo nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% yb 2035. Scrambled sentence: Canadian thhela officials ays eth enw regulation to elbla yrvee ", "scrambled": "Canadian thhela officials ays eth enw regulation to elbla yrvee taeirtgec with a innrwga message si arpt fo the yutornc\u2019s alog to rpdo nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% yb 2035.", "original": "Canadian health officials say the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message is part of the country\u2019s goal to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035.", "recovered": "Canadian tobacco officials say the new regulation to eliminate youth vaping goes hand in hand with a powerful message supporting the government\u2019s plan to reduce nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Carlo Vecce, a srpfooesr from alNesp, veecsdiord documents ni the aircsvhe fo Florence which show hatt shortly freta teh artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei agreed to eb het name of aD Vinci\u2019s mother btu aoubt whom ltelit else si known.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Carlo Vece, a srpfoesr from alNesp, veecsdiord documents ni the aircsvhe fo Florence which show hat shortly before the artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei agreed to eb het name of aD Vinci\u2019s mother but aoubt whom ltelit else si known. Scrambled sentence: Carlo Vecce, a srpfoesr from alNesp, veecsdiord documents ni the aircsvhe fo Florence which show hat shortly before the artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei agreed to eb het name of aD Vinci\u2019s mother but aoubt whom ltelit else si known. Scrambled sentence: Carlo Vecce, a s", "scrambled": "Carlo Vecce, a srpfooesr from alNesp, veecsdiord documents ni the aircsvhe fo Florence which show hatt shortly freta teh artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei agreed to eb het name of aD Vinci\u2019s mother btu aoubt whom ltelit else si known.", "original": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show that shortly after the artist\u2019s birth, his father freed a slave called Caterina \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known.", "recovered": "Carlo Vece, a srpfoesr from alNesp, veecsdiord documents ni the aircsvhe fo Florence which show hat shortly before the artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei agreed to eb het name of aD Vinci\u2019s mother but aoubt whom ltelit else si known."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, laoedct ni the Greenbriar Mall food urotc ni tlaAtna, is set to close. tI\u2019s lencaru why the attrsanure si igsonlc, but ikel many llsam, the Garbenrrie sah been nsrultggig to acttart shoppers dan peek tenants.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "hilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court at Taco Bella, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the attraction is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbrier has been struggling to attract shoppers and retain tenants. Scrambled sentence: hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, laoedct ni the Greenbriar Mall food urotc ni tlaAtna, is set to close. tI\u2019s lencaru why the attrsanure si igsonlc, but ikel many llsam, the Garbenrrie sah been nsrultggig to acttart shoppers dan peek tenants. Scrambled sentence: hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, laoedct ni the Greenbriar Mall food urotc ni tlaAtna, is set to close. tI\u2019s lencaru why the attrsan", "scrambled": "hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, laoedct ni the Greenbriar Mall food urotc ni tlaAtna, is set to close. tI\u2019s lencaru why the attrsanure si igsonlc, but ikel many llsam, the Garbenrrie sah been nsrultggig to acttart shoppers dan peek tenants.", "original": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbriar has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants.", "recovered": "hilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court at Taco Bella, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the attraction is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbrier has been struggling to attract shoppers and retain tenants."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hnaCi ash eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel to build an olerncctie eavesdropping iliyfact on het ilansd that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop no US communications, according ot heT lWal Street Journal. The SU nad Cuban vnteesngrmo stca strong doubt no the rrepot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "China has eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel to build an over-the-air eavesdropping iliyfact on het ilansd that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop no US communications, according ot heT lWal Street Journal. The SU and Cuban vnteesngrmo stca strong doubt no the rrepot. Scrambled sentence: hnaCi ash eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel to build an olerncctie eavesdropping iliyfact on het ilansd that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop no US communications, according ot heT lWal Street Journal. The SU and Cuban vnteesngrmo stca strong doubt no the rrepot. Scrambled sentence: hnaCi ash e", "scrambled": "hnaCi ash eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel to build an olerncctie eavesdropping iliyfact on het ilansd that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop no US communications, according ot heT lWal Street Journal. The SU nad Cuban vnteesngrmo stca strong doubt no the rrepot.", "original": "China has agreed a multibillion-dollar deal to build an electronic eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Cuban governments cast strong doubt on the report.", "recovered": "China has eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel to build an over-the-air eavesdropping iliyfact on het ilansd that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop no US communications, according ot heT lWal Street Journal. The SU and Cuban vnteesngrmo stca strong doubt no the rrepot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The noucytr redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The new policy redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy. Scrambled sentence: China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The new policy redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy. Scrambled sentence: China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The new policy redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy. Scrambled sentence: China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The new policy redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas", "scrambled": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The noucytr redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy.", "original": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 including tourists. The country resumed issuing all categories of visas for foreigners on Wednesday.", "recovered": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The new policy redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans ot land rsasttanou on eth lnrua scaurfe orebfe 2030.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans ot land rsasttanou on eth lnru China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030. Scrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans", "scrambled": "China is pursuing plans ot land rsasttanou on eth lnrua scaurfe orebfe 2030.", "original": "China is pursuing plans to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030.", "recovered": "China is pursuing plans to land a man on the moon by 2030."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Clocks vmdoe forward eno hour. They will fall bkac an urho ot standard emti no eth first uandyS fo November.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Clocks will be set forward by one hour. They will fall back an hour from standard time on the first Sunday of November. Scrambled sentence: Clocks will be set forward by one hour. They will fall back an hour from standard time on the first Sunday of November. Recovered sentence: Clocks will be set forward by one hour. They will fall back an hour from standard time on the first Sunday of November. Scrambled sentence: Clocks will be set forward by one hour. They will fall back an hour from standard time on the first Sunday of November. Recovered sentence: Clocks will be set forward by one hour. They will fall back an hour from standard time on the first Sunday of November. Scrambled sentence: Clocks will be set forward by one hour. They will fall back an hour from standard time on the first Sunday of November. Scrambled sentence: Clocks will be set forward by one hour.", "scrambled": "Clocks vmdoe forward eno hour. They will fall bkac an urho ot standard emti no eth first uandyS fo November.", "original": "Clocks moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on the first Sunday of November.", "recovered": "Clocks will be set forward by one hour. They will fall back an hour from standard time on the first Sunday of November."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Co-hosts New Zealand and rialsatAu both kkiedc off their World Cup apcngmisa with 1-0 oeiivstrc. New aZednla\u2019s Football srnFe esuerdc etrhi frsti evre inw no a global stage yb beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s taliMdsa ebokr a doesnc-lhfa deadlock thwi a decisive atpelyn itagnas Rbclpeiu fo naerdlI, who were iglnpay ta the rnmaeutnto for eth first time.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup apcngmisa with 1-0 opening victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football srnFe esuerdc etrhi frsti ever inw no a global stage yb beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s taliMdsa ebokr a doesnc-lhfa deadlock thanks to a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a", "scrambled": "Co-hosts New Zealand and rialsatAu both kkiedc off their World Cup apcngmisa with 1-0 oeiivstrc. New aZednla\u2019s Football srnFe esuerdc etrhi frsti evre inw no a global stage yb beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s taliMdsa ebokr a doesnc-lhfa deadlock thwi a decisive atpelyn itagnas Rbclpeiu fo naerdlI, who were iglnpay ta the rnmaeutnto for eth first time.", "original": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaigns with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns secured their first ever win on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a second-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were playing at the tournament for the first time.", "recovered": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup apcngmisa with 1-0 opening victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football srnFe esuerdc etrhi frsti ever inw no a global stage yb beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s taliMdsa ebokr a doesnc-lhfa deadlock thanks to a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a decisive a"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Concerns aubto siethc dna prsryaetacnn ta het uremSep Court have been reignited isht week taerf Justice lauSem Alito dogedewnclak attending a xruylu fishing iprt on eht private tje of a conservative hedge fund aenmagr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Concerns about the Supreme Court's ability to remain independent have been reignited this week by Justice Alito's attendance at a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. Scrambled sentence: Concerns aubto siethc dna prsryaetacnn ta het uremSep Court have been reignited isht week taerf Justice lauSem Alito dogedewnclak attending a xruylu fishing iprt on eht private tje of a conservative hedge fund aenmagr. Scrambled sentence: Concerns aubto siethc dna prsryaetacnn ta het uremSep Court have been reignited isht week taerf Justice lauSem Alito dogedewnclak attending a xruylu fishing iprt on eht private tje of a conservative hedge fund aenmag", "scrambled": "Concerns aubto siethc dna prsryaetacnn ta het uremSep Court have been reignited isht week taerf Justice lauSem Alito dogedewnclak attending a xruylu fishing iprt on eht private tje of a conservative hedge fund aenmagr.", "original": "Concerns about ethics and transparency at the Supreme Court have been reignited this week after Justice Samuel Alito acknowledged attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund manager.", "recovered": "Concerns about the Supreme Court's ability to remain independent have been reignited this week by Justice Alito's attendance at a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Critvvnaeeos besermm have chosen Susan Hall sa hte party\u2019s didaneact ot try to unseat Sadiq hKna ni het 2024 London almoary clniteoe. Hall, ehsow aclploiti soanlg si \u201cefSar with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, aids The Guardian, \u201clikely ot eb snee sa na outsider\u201d, twhi her iwvse no cultural issues \u201ctacmlerpoib\u201d in a liberal-nlnaeig itcy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Conservatives\u2019 parliamentary candidates have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s didaneact to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London almoary clniteoe. Hall, whose exploitative slogan is \u201cefSar with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, aids The Guardian, \u201clikely ot eb seen as an outsider\u201d, twhi her views on cultural issues \u201ctacmlerpoib\u201d in a liberal-nlnaeig itcy. Scrambled sentence: Critvvnaeeos besermm have chosen Susan Hall sa hte party\u2019s didaneact ot try to unseat Sadiq hKna ni het 2024 London almoary clniteoe. Hall, ehsow aclploiti soanlg si \u201cefSar with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, aids The Guardian, \u201clikely ot eb seen as an outsider\u201d, t", "scrambled": "Critvvnaeeos besermm have chosen Susan Hall sa hte party\u2019s didaneact ot try to unseat Sadiq hKna ni het 2024 London almoary clniteoe. Hall, ehsow aclploiti soanlg si \u201cefSar with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, aids The Guardian, \u201clikely ot eb snee sa na outsider\u201d, twhi her iwvse no cultural issues \u201ctacmlerpoib\u201d in a liberal-nlnaeig itcy.", "original": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s candidate to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, whose political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-leaning city.", "recovered": "The Conservatives\u2019 parliamentary candidates have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s didaneact to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London almoary clniteoe. Hall, whose exploitative slogan is \u201cefSar with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, aids The Guardian, \u201clikely ot eb seen as an outsider\u201d, twhi her views on cultural issues \u201ctacmlerpoib\u201d in a liberal-nlnaeig itcy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lcneCyo hacoM barreled into nMyrmaa\u2019s csota asdy ago, collapsing houses, girginbn donw telephone poles dan severely compromising otnimucmaiocn lines in olntficc-rkaced iRahnek state.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s", "scrambled": "lcneCyo hacoM barreled into nMyrmaa\u2019s csota asdy ago, collapsing houses, girginbn donw telephone poles dan severely compromising otnimucmaiocn lines in olntficc-rkaced iRahnek state.", "original": "Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s coast days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-racked Rakhine state.", "recovered": "Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s coast a day ago, colla Hurricane Irma barreled into Florida\u2019s"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: David Rush, hwo already boasts reom than 250 isnsneuG World Records, bedcnlaa an eurmball no shi finger orf hteer hours dna 46 smnitue. His etim beat the reurctn record, said UIP, utb must illst eb reevdeiw. For ermo stories from teh stranger ised fo lfie, sign up to the Tall elaTs ewerslnett.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 individual Guinness World Records, blew up an eggball no one could finger orf heer hours dna 46 seconds. His time beat the record record, said UIP, but it must first be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales email alert. Scrambled sentence: David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 individual Guinness World Records, blew up an eggball no one could finger orf heer hours dna 46 seconds. His time beat the record record, said UIP, but it must first be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales email alert. Scrambled sentence: David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 individual Guinness World Records, blew up an eggball no one could finger orf heer hours dna 46 seconds. His time beat the record record, said UIP, but it must first be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales email alert. Scrambled sentence: David Rush,", "scrambled": "David Rush, hwo already boasts reom than 250 isnsneuG World Records, bedcnlaa an eurmball no shi finger orf hteer hours dna 46 smnitue. His etim beat the reurctn record, said UIP, utb must illst eb reevdeiw. For ermo stories from teh stranger ised fo lfie, sign up to the Tall elaTs ewerslnett.", "original": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 individual Guinness World Records, blew up an eggball no one could finger orf heer hours dna 46 seconds. His time beat the record record, said UIP, but it must first be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales email alert."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: DeSantis made hsi first campaign appearance ni oawI, erhew eh pledged to ktae no osannWhitg dersinsi and do emro for imrecAsna nath his GOP rival, emofrr President Danldo umpTr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Ocala, where he pledged to keep no promises to the white supremacists and do more for immigrants than his GOP rival, incumbent President Danldo umpTr. Scrambled sentence: DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Ocala, where he pledged to keep no promises to the white supremacists and do more for immigrants than his GOP rival, incumbent President Danldo umpTr. Scrambled sentence: DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Ocala, where he pledged to keep no promises to the white supremacists and do more for immigrants than his GOP rival, incumbent President Danldo umpTr. Scrambled sentence: DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Ocala, where he pledged to keep no promises to the white supremacists and do more for immigrants than his GOP rival, incumbent President Danldo umpTr. Scrambled sentence: DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Ocala, where he pledged to keep no promises", "scrambled": "DeSantis made hsi first campaign appearance ni oawI, erhew eh pledged to ktae no osannWhitg dersinsi and do emro for imrecAsna nath his GOP rival, emofrr President Danldo umpTr.", "original": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to take on Washington insiders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival, former President Donald Trump.", "recovered": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Ocala, where he pledged to keep no promises to the white supremacists and do more for immigrants than his GOP rival, incumbent President Danldo umpTr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Deal hunters ear preparing themselves rof Bed, Btha & ndyeoB\u2019s tmmomha gogin-uto-of-business sela.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s going-out-of-business sale. Scrambled sentence: Deal hunters are preparing themselves rof Bed, Btha & ndyeoB\u2019s tmmo Scrambled sentence: Deal hunters are preparing for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s going-out-of-business sale. Scrambled sentence: Deal hunters are preparing for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s going-out-of-business sale. Scrambled sentence: Deal hunters are preparing for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s going-out-of-business sale. Scrambled sentence: Deal hunters are preparing for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s going-out-of-business sale. Scrambled sentence: Deal hunters are preparing for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s going-out-of-business sale. Scrambled sentence: Deal hunters are preparing for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s going-out-of-business sale. Scrambled sentence: Deal hunters are preparing for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s", "scrambled": "Deal hunters ear preparing themselves rof Bed, Btha & ndyeoB\u2019s tmmomha gogin-uto-of-business sela.", "original": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-out-of-business sale.", "recovered": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s going-out-of-business sale."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Despite somewhat eaegtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing tsi otslnorvcarie olive lio cofefe ot more iciset.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Despite somewhat ea Despite somewhat eafec\u021bifec\u021bi Despite somewhat eafec\u021bifec\u021bi reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtiv Scram Jude\u0163ean condi\u0163ii prevazute, Despite somewhat eafec\u021bifec\u021bi, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivcep\u00e2nd lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Despite somewhat eaegtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing tsi otslnorvcarie olive lio cofefe ot more iciset.", "original": "Despite somewhat negative reviews, Starbucks is bringing its controversial olive oil coffee to more cities.", "recovered": "Despite somewhat ea Despite somewhat eafec\u021bifec\u021bi Despite somewhat eafec\u021bifec\u021bi reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtiv Scram Jude\u0163ean condi\u0163ii prevazute, Despite somewhat eafec\u021bifec\u021bi, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing a somewhat eagtivcep\u00e2nd lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Devastating flooding si ripping rughtho tosstwhue China, whit several areas ginsuis the highest level of rngnsiwa ot veceatau. Concerns ear mounting ttha the floods wlli heva a devastating impact no rposc ni eth region.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Devastating flooding is ripping across southwestern China, with several areas experiencing the highest level of rainfall in decades. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on the region. Scrambled sentence: Devastating flooding is ripping across southwestern China, with several areas experiencing the highest level of rainfall in decades. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on the region. Scrambled sentence: Devastating flooding is ripping across southwestern China, with several areas experiencing the highest level of rainfall in decades. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on the region. Scrambled sentence: Devastating flooding is ripping across southwestern China, with several areas experiencing the highest level of rainfall in decades. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on the region. Scrambled sentence: Devastating flooding is ripping across southwestern China, with several areas experiencing the highest level of rainfall in decades. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on the region. Scrambled sentence: Devastating flooding is ripping across s", "scrambled": "Devastating flooding si ripping rughtho tosstwhue China, whit several areas ginsuis the highest level of rngnsiwa ot veceatau. Concerns ear mounting ttha the floods wlli heva a devastating impact no rposc ni eth region.", "original": "Devastating flooding is ripping through southwest China, with several areas issuing the highest level of warnings to evacuate. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.", "recovered": "Devastating flooding is ripping across southwestern China, with several areas experiencing the highest level of rainfall in decades. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on the region."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Disney hsa ceased releasing sit films ro TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, inofglwlo a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-sary and het like sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn popular.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Disney has ceased releasing its films and TV shows on physical disc formats in Australia, in the face of a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Bulgaria and the like have become increasingly popular. Scrambled sentence: Disney hsa ceased releasing sit films ro TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, inofglwlo a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-sary and het like sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn popular. Scrambled sentence: Disney hsa ceased releasing sit films ro TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, inofglwlo a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-sary and het like sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn popular. Scrambled sentence: Disney hsa ceased releasing sit films ro TV wohss on", "scrambled": "Disney hsa ceased releasing sit films ro TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, inofglwlo a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-sary and het like sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn popular.", "original": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV shows on physical media formats in Australia, following a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Blu-rays and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular.", "recovered": "Disney has ceased releasing its films and TV shows on physical disc formats in Australia, in the face of a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Bulgaria and the like have become increasingly popular."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lDorla Tree, chwih sells most otrcudsp for $1.25, lilw stop selling egsg because teh npymoac can\u2019t amek money offering tmhe at fatl cseipr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Dola Tree, which sells most of its products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit organization can\u2019t make money offering them at such a low cost. Scrambled sentence: lDorla Tree, chwih sells most otrcudsp for $1.25, lilw stop selling egsg because teh npymoac can\u2019t amek money offering tnhe at fatl cseipr. Recovered sentence: The Dola Tree, which sells most of its products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit organization can\u2019t make money offering them at such a low cost. Scrambled sentence: lDorla Tree, chwih sells most otrcudsp for $1.25, lilw stop selling egsg because teh npymoac can\u2019t amek money offering tmhe at fatl cseipr. Recovered sentence: The Dola Tree, which sell", "scrambled": "lDorla Tree, chwih sells most otrcudsp for $1.25, lilw stop selling egsg because teh npymoac can\u2019t amek money offering tmhe at fatl cseipr.", "original": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at flat prices.", "recovered": "The Dola Tree, which sells most of its products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit organization can\u2019t make money offering them at such a low cost."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Downing ettSre has dismissed painS\u2019s ndmdea to eosever control of trlibGraa\u2019s airport, wihhc is technically no na AFR base despite inygl no a wnaorr chtrtse of aldn wetenbe Gairbtlar adn het Spanish tferoinr. The EU is considering allowing the iBhtrsi overseas oytitrerr \u2013 which vedto to remain ni eth lcbo \u2013 to nijo the ncnegheS common evrlta area.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Downing street has dismissed pains\u2019s ndmdea to eosever control of TralibGraa\u2019s airport, which is technically no na AFR base despite being no a wnaorr chtrtse of all and wetenbe Gairbtlar and het Spanish tferoinr. The EU is considering allowing the iBhtrsi overseas oytitrerr \u2013 which vedto to remain ni eth lcbo \u2013 to nijo the ncnegheS common evrlta area. Scrambled sentence: Downing ettSre has dismissed painS\u2019s ndmdea to eosever control of trlibGraa\u2019s airport, which is technically no na AFR base despite being no a wnaorr chtrtse of all and wetenbe Gairbtlar and het Spanish tferoinr. The EU is considering allowing the ", "scrambled": "Downing ettSre has dismissed painS\u2019s ndmdea to eosever control of trlibGraa\u2019s airport, wihhc is technically no na AFR base despite inygl no a wnaorr chtrtse of aldn wetenbe Gairbtlar adn het Spanish tferoinr. The EU is considering allowing the iBhtrsi overseas oytitrerr \u2013 which vedto to remain ni eth lcbo \u2013 to nijo the ncnegheS common evrlta area.", "original": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of Gibraltar\u2019s airport, which is technically on an RAF base despite lying on a narrow stretch of land between Gibraltar and the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the British overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the bloc \u2013 to join the Schengen common travel area.", "recovered": "Downing street has dismissed pains\u2019s ndmdea to eosever control of TralibGraa\u2019s airport, which is technically no na AFR base despite being no a wnaorr chtrtse of all and wetenbe Gairbtlar and het Spanish tferoinr. The EU is considering allowing the iBhtrsi overseas oytitrerr \u2013 which vedto to remain ni eth lcbo \u2013 to nijo the ncnegheS common evrlta area."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ueD ot fire threats and nveneamotirln concerns, Salt aeLk iCyt, hUta, etrdi an alternative ayw of celebrating Independence Day hitw ist ritfs-eerv drone show. Watch emso fo eth hrote dazzling aeotslrncbei thta took place across America ereh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Despite fire threats and noise concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, hosted an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day \u2013 a lights-out drone show. Watch more for the dazzling aerial displays that took place across America on Independence Day. Scrambled sentence: Despite fire threats and noise concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, hosted an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day \u2013 a lights-out drone show. Watch more for the dazzling aerial displays that took place across America on Independence Day. Scrambled sentence: Despite fire threats and noise concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, hosted an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day \u2013 a lights-out drone show. Watch more for the dazzling aerial displays that took place across America on Independence Day. Scrambled sentence: Despite fire threats and noise concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, hosted an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day \u2013 a lights-out drone show. Watch more for the dazzling aerial displays that took place across America on Independence Day. Scrambled sentence: Despite fire threats and noise concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, hosted an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day \u2013 a lights-out drone show. Watch more for", "scrambled": "ueD ot fire threats and nveneamotirln concerns, Salt aeLk iCyt, hUta, etrdi an alternative ayw of celebrating Independence Day hitw ist ritfs-eerv drone show. Watch emso fo eth hrote dazzling aeotslrncbei thta took place across America ereh.", "original": "Due to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling celebrations that took place across America here.", "recovered": "Despite fire threats and noise concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, hosted an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day \u2013 a lights-out drone show. Watch more for the dazzling aerial displays that took place across America on Independence Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Due ot high demand ofr the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents erew nlyteerquf forced ot nexapil the rshtoeag ot nydonae pessporh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Due to high demand of the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents are now only able to eat the raspberry cookie of their own personal preference. Scrambled sentence: Due ot high demand ofr the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents erew nlyteerquf forced ot nexapil the rshtoeag ot nydonae pessporh. Scrambled sentence: Due ot high demand ofr the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents erew nlyteerquf forced ot nexapil the rshtoeag ot nydonae pessporh. Scrambled sentence: Due ot high demand ofr the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents erew nlyteerquf forced ot nexapil the rshtoeag ", "scrambled": "Due ot high demand ofr the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents erew nlyteerquf forced ot nexapil the rshtoeag ot nydonae pessporh.", "original": "Due to high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Rally cookie, scouts and parents were frequently forced to explain the shortage to annoyed shoppers.", "recovered": "Due to high demand of the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents are now only able to eat the raspberry cookie of their own personal preference."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ed Sheeran took teh natsd this wkee ni a high-frpiole copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ed Sheeran took the natsd this wkee ni a high-rpiole copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Ed Sheeran took teh natsd this wkee ni a high-rpiole copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d. Recovered sentence: Ed Sheeran took the natsd this wkee ni a high-rpiole copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Ed She", "scrambled": "Ed Sheeran took teh natsd this wkee ni a high-frpiole copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d.", "original": "Ed Sheeran took the stand this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether his smash single \u201cThinking Out Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "recovered": "Ed Sheeran took the natsd this wkee ni a high-rpiole copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sEgg adh het most iactmdar rdeeseca, with a nearly 11% decline. ishT comes feart egg ripsce soared ni previous months lyprmiira due to avian ufl, which acertindnos syplpu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eggs were the most affected commodity, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes as egg prices soared in previous months lyprimira due to avian flu, which affected egg production. Scrambled sentence: sEgg adh het most iactmdar rdeeseca, with a nearly 11% decline. ishT comes feart egg ripsce soared ni previous months lyprmiira due to avian ufl, which acertindnos syplpu. Scrambled sentence: sEgg adh het most iactmdar rdeeseca, with a nearly 11% decline. ishT comes feart egg ripsce soared ni previous months lyprmiira due to avian ufl, which acertindnos syplpu. Scrambled sentence: sEgg adh het most iactmdar rdeeseca, with a nearly 11% decline.", "scrambled": "sEgg adh het most iactmdar rdeeseca, with a nearly 11% decline. ishT comes feart egg ripsce soared ni previous months lyprmiira due to avian ufl, which acertindnos syplpu.", "original": "Eggs had the most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg prices soared in previous months primarily due to avian flu, which constrained supply.", "recovered": "Eggs were the most affected commodity, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes as egg prices soared in previous months lyprimira due to avian flu, which affected egg production."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pytgE\u2019s Ministry fo mrsouTi dna Antiquities leesraed a snttaemet emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra adh light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleftN for tcasgni British actor ledeA sJaem, who \u201csesesssop African trsfuaee and kdar ksin\u201d. Find out orem on het latest pdeoeis fo hTe kWee Unwrapped sdcatop.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "pytgE\u2019s Ministry fo mrsouTi dna Antiquities leesraed a snttaemet emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra adh light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleftN for tcasgni British actor ledeA sJaem, who \u201csesesssop African trsfuaee and kdar ksin\u201d. Find out orem on het latest pdeoeis fo hTe kWee Unwrapped sdcatop. Scrambled sentence: pytgE\u2019s Ministry fo mrsouTi dna Antiquities leesraed a snttaemet emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra adh light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleft", "scrambled": "pytgE\u2019s Ministry fo mrsouTi dna Antiquities leesraed a snttaemet emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra adh light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleftN for tcasgni British actor ledeA sJaem, who \u201csesesssop African trsfuaee and kdar ksin\u201d. Find out orem on het latest pdeoeis fo hTe kWee Unwrapped sdcatop.", "original": "Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, and criticising Netflix for casting British actor Adele James, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "pytgE\u2019s Ministry fo mrsouTi dna Antiquities leesraed a snttaemet emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra adh light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleftN for tcasgni British actor ledeA sJaem, who \u201csesesssop African trsfuaee and kdar ksin\u201d. Find out orem on het latest pdeoeis fo hTe kWee Unwrapped sdcatop."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sdEnlgea ideeaxpln no his website ttah eh bmdsteuti the black-dan-etihw egami \u201cas a ceyekh myonek, to find uot if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d. He oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era not.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "sdEnlgea ideaxpln no his website ttah eh bmdsteuti the black-dan-etihw egami \u201cas a ceyekh myonek, to find uot if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d. He oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era not.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: sdEnlgea ideeaxpln no his website ttah eh bmdsteuti the black-dan-etihw egami \u201cas a ceyekh myonek, to find uot if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d. He oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era not.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: sdEnlgea ideeaxpln no his website ttah eh bmdsteuti the black-dan", "scrambled": "sdEnlgea ideeaxpln no his website ttah eh bmdsteuti the black-dan-etihw egami \u201cas a ceyekh myonek, to find uot if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d. He oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era not.\u201d.", "original": "Eldagsen explained on his website that he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a cheeky monkey, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images to enter\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d.", "recovered": "sdEnlgea ideaxpln no his website ttah eh bmdsteuti the black-dan-etihw egami \u201cas a ceyekh myonek, to find uot if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d. He oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era not.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Elon Musk sha iadl off more ntah 6,000 loeepp at Twitter since nkigat over hte onmcpya, eh said ni na interview this ewek. eTh reduction equates ot roughly 80% fo hte myncpoa\u2019s staff.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "El Musk has laid off more than 6,000 jobs at Twitter since taking over the online corporation, Musk said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff. Scrambled sentence: Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 jobs at Twitter since taking over the online corporation, Musk said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff. Scrambled sentence: Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 jobs at Twitter since taking over the online corporation, Musk said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff. Scrambled sentence: Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 jobs at Twitter since taking over the online corporation, Musk said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff. Scrambled sentence: Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 jobs at Twitter since taking over the online corporation, Musk said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff. Scrambled sentence: Elon Musk has", "scrambled": "Elon Musk sha iadl off more ntah 6,000 loeepp at Twitter since nkigat over hte onmcpya, eh said ni na interview this ewek. eTh reduction equates ot roughly 80% fo hte myncpoa\u2019s staff.", "original": "Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "recovered": "El Musk has laid off more than 6,000 jobs at Twitter since taking over the online corporation, Musk said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Elton John\u2019s final utor amec ot an ned with a performance in Stockholm, enedSw, this ohmtn. Ltinse to het heartfelt smeasge he rhedsa hwit his safn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Elton John\u2019s final tour began with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this week. Listen to his heartfelt speech about his sadness. Scrambled sentence: Elton John\u2019s final utor amec o Scram Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scrambled sentence: Scram", "scrambled": "Elton John\u2019s final utor amec ot an ned with a performance in Stockholm, enedSw, this ohmtn. Ltinse to het heartfelt smeasge he rhedsa hwit his safn.", "original": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an end with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans.", "recovered": "Elton John\u2019s final tour began with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this week. Listen to his heartfelt speech about his sadness."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twtiehliggh lnreuca micro-reactor to irpvdeo power needed for humans to live and rkow no eth Moon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twtiehliggh lnreuca micro-reactor to irpvdeo power needed for humans to live and rkow no eth Moon. Scrambled sentence: geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twtiehliggh lnreuca micro-reactor to irpvdeo power needed for humans to live and rkow no eth Moon. Recovered sentence: The geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twt", "scrambled": "geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twtiehliggh lnreuca micro-reactor to irpvdeo power needed for humans to live and rkow no eth Moon.", "original": "Engineers and scientists at the British engineering giant are aiming to create a small and lightweight nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon.", "recovered": "The geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twtiehliggh lnreuca micro-reactor to irpvdeo power needed for humans to live and rkow no eth Moon."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Environmental lawyer dna anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Knndyee rJ. has iedlf paperwork to unr for rditpesne ni 2024 sa a rtaecDom. The 69-year-ldo si teh son fo refrom New rYok senator, SU renotaty erelnag adn assassinated 1968 ipdnltsaerie andtidace Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew fo the etla President hnoJ F. Kennedy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Republican. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, SU Regent and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate and activist Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the former President John F. Kennedy. Scrambled sentence: Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Republican. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, SU Regent and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate and activist Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the former President John F. Kennedy. Scrambled sentence: Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Republican. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, SU Regent and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate and activist Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the former President John F. Kennedy. Scrambled sentence: Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert", "scrambled": "Environmental lawyer dna anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Knndyee rJ. has iedlf paperwork to unr for rditpesne ni 2024 sa a rtaecDom. The 69-year-ldo si teh son fo refrom New rYok senator, SU renotaty erelnag adn assassinated 1968 ipdnltsaerie andtidace Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew fo the etla President hnoJ F. Kennedy.", "original": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy.", "recovered": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Republican. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, SU Regent and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate and activist Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the former President John F. Kennedy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash slashed \u00a350,000 ffo het original \u00a3300,000 asking price rfo 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, ihwhc isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel rofm the nearest town, Ingleton.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash slashed \u00a350,000 ffo het original \u00a3300,000 asking price rfo 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, ihwhc isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel rofm the nearest town, Ingleton. Scrambled sentence: setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash slashed \u00a350,000 ffo het original \u00a3300,000 asking price rfo 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, ihwhc isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel rofm the nearest town, Ingleton. Scrambled sentence: setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash slashed \u00a350,000 ffo het original \u00a3300,000 asking price rfo", "scrambled": "setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash slashed \u00a350,000 ffo het original \u00a3300,000 asking price rfo 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, ihwhc isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel rofm the nearest town, Ingleton.", "original": "Estate agent Fisher Cooper has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton.", "recovered": "setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash slashed \u00a350,000 ffo het original \u00a3300,000 asking price rfo 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, ihwhc isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel rofm the nearest town, Ingleton."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: unaaEris beavers ewre thdeun ot eoctntnxii ni Britain ni the 16ht tcryeun, but a breeding ripa will be reintroduced to ewdnstal ni glaiEn this rmusme in a bid to elhp tackle climate caenhg by rimgnpoot a revsidboie ecosystem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "unaaEris beavers ewre thdeun ot eoctntnxii ni Britain ni the 16ht tcryeun, but a breeding ripa will be reintroduced to ewdnstal ni glaiEn this rmusme in a bid to elhp tackle climate caenhg by rimgnpoot a revsidboie ecosystem. Scrambled sentence: unaaEris beavers ewre thdeun ot eoctntnxii ni Britain ni the 16ht tcryeun, but a breeding ripa will be reintroduced to ewdnstal ni glaiEn this rmusme in a bid to elhp tackle climate caenhg by rimgnpoot a revsidboie ecosystem. Scrambled sentence: unaaEris beavers ", "scrambled": "unaaEris beavers ewre thdeun ot eoctntnxii ni Britain ni the 16ht tcryeun, but a breeding ripa will be reintroduced to ewdnstal ni glaiEn this rmusme in a bid to elhp tackle climate caenhg by rimgnpoot a revsidboie ecosystem.", "original": "Eurasian beavers were hunted to extinction in Britain in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.", "recovered": "unaaEris beavers ewre thdeun ot eoctntnxii ni Britain ni the 16ht tcryeun, but a breeding ripa will be reintroduced to ewdnstal ni glaiEn this rmusme in a bid to elhp tackle climate caenhg by rimgnpoot a revsidboie ecosystem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ever since the 2011 miautns destroyed hte auskmhuiF elancur lntap, Japan has been pupmign awert inot the tsei ot cool the reactor\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, eht onvmegtner plans ot release a mnililo metric tons of stih eardtet iaaedoirtvc water oitn the naeoc, \u201cenough to ifll 500 ilmcyOp-size smimgwni pools\u201d, ot intense tnpisoooip from iCnha nad many Pacific ssinlda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ever since the 2011 miautns destroyed the auskmhuiF elancur lntap, Japan has been pumping water into the tsei to cool the reactor\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, the operator plans to release a million metric tons of still eardtet iaedoirtvc water out into the naeoc, \u201cenough to fill 500 ilmcyOp-size swimming pools\u201d, despite intense tnpisoooip from iCnha and many Pacific ssinlda. Scrambled sentence: Ever since the 2011 miautns destroyed the auskmhuiF elancur lntap, Japan has been pupmign awert inot the tsei ot cool the reactor\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, the onvmegtner plans ot release ", "scrambled": "Ever since the 2011 miautns destroyed hte auskmhuiF elancur lntap, Japan has been pupmign awert inot the tsei ot cool the reactor\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, eht onvmegtner plans ot release a mnililo metric tons of stih eardtet iaaedoirtvc water oitn the naeoc, \u201cenough to ifll 500 ilmcyOp-size smimgwni pools\u201d, ot intense tnpisoooip from iCnha nad many Pacific ssinlda.", "original": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 contaminating 130,000 litres a day. Now, the government plans to release a million metric tons of this treated radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense opposition from China and many Pacific islands.", "recovered": "Ever since the 2011 miautns destroyed the auskmhuiF elancur lntap, Japan has been pumping water into the tsei to cool the reactor\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, the operator plans to release a million metric tons of still eardtet iaedoirtvc water out into the naeoc, \u201cenough to fill 500 ilmcyOp-size swimming pools\u201d, despite intense tnpisoooip from iCnha and many Pacific ssinlda."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Experts fear htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a yda worldwide in 2021.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Experts fear htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a yda worldwide in 2021. Scrambled sentence: Experts fear htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a yda worldwide in 2021. Scrambled sentence: Experts fear htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg that the disease ledkli around 4,400", "scrambled": "Experts fear htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a yda worldwide in 2021.", "original": "Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amid soaring infection and death rates. Latest figures suggest that the disease killed around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "recovered": "Experts fear htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a yda worldwide in 2021."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Experts say Ansremaci are tpinpig lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-ricseve establishments because they feel eeerwolmdhv yb options to tpi iwht a drca no a touchscreen, leading eeolpp ot eb less reegusno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Experts say Ansremaci are tpinpig lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-ricseve establishments because they feel eeerwolmdhv yb options to tpi iwht a drca no a touchscreen, leading eeolpp ot eb less reegusno. Scrambled sentence: Experts say Ansremaci are tpinpig lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-ricseve establishments because they feel eeerwolmdhv yb options to tpi iwht a drca no a touchscreen, leading eeolpp ot eb less reegusno. Scrambled sentence: Experts say Ansremaci are tpinpig lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-ricseve establishments because they feel eeerwolmdhv y", "scrambled": "Experts say Ansremaci are tpinpig lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-ricseve establishments because they feel eeerwolmdhv yb options to tpi iwht a drca no a touchscreen, leading eeolpp ot eb less reegusno.", "original": "Experts say Americans are tipping less \u2013 only around 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed by options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people to be less generous.", "recovered": "Experts say Ansremaci are tpinpig lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-ricseve establishments because they feel eeerwolmdhv yb options to tpi iwht a drca no a touchscreen, leading eeolpp ot eb less reegusno."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: abcFkooe users hwo ahd na active ucacnot between aMy 2007 nda December 2022 can nwo apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement ahrdcee ni a ormja data privacy lacsdna.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "abcFkooe users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement of a class action data privacy lawsuit. Scrambled sentence: abcFkooe users hwo ahd na active ucacnot between aMy 2007 nda December 2022 can nwo apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement ahrdcee ni a ormja data privacy lacsdna. Recovered sentence: abcFkooe users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement of a class action data privacy lawsuit. Scrambled sentence: abcFkooe users hwo ahd na active ucacnot between aMy 2007 nda December 2022 can nwo apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement ahrdcee ni a", "scrambled": "abcFkooe users hwo ahd na active ucacnot between aMy 2007 nda December 2022 can nwo apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement ahrdcee ni a ormja data privacy lacsdna.", "original": "Facebook users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement reached in a major data privacy scandal.", "recovered": "abcFkooe users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement of a class action data privacy lawsuit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nFsa worldwide have bene giapyn tribute to the British designer, how oendpreie teh ismkiintr. \u201cynOl teh Beatles are more oselcly tied ot hte glndee that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s than ryaM autnQ,\u201d siad The Guardian.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fashionistas worldwide have bene paying tribute to the British designer, how they interpret the image. \u201cThe Beatles are more oselct tied ot the glndee that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s than any other artist,\u201d said The Guardian. Scrambled sentence: nFsa worldwide have bene giapyn tribute to the British designer, how oendpreie teh ismkiintr. \u201cynOl teh Beatles are more oselct tied ot hte glndee that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s than ryaM autnQ,\u201d siad The Guardian. Scrambled sentence: nFsa worldwide have bene giapyn tribute to the British designer, how oendpreie teh ismkiintr. \u201cynOl teh Beatles are more oselct tied ot hte glndee that is London\u2019", "scrambled": "nFsa worldwide have bene giapyn tribute to the British designer, how oendpreie teh ismkiintr. \u201cynOl teh Beatles are more oselcly tied ot hte glndee that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s than ryaM autnQ,\u201d siad The Guardian.", "original": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who pioneered the miniskirt. \u201cOnly the Beatles are more closely tied to the legend that is London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.", "recovered": "Fashionistas worldwide have bene paying tribute to the British designer, how they interpret the image. \u201cThe Beatles are more oselct tied ot the glndee that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s than any other artist,\u201d said The Guardian."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Finland, rDanmke nda Ildecna nekard highest in the NU\u2019s World Happiness Report, based no data mfro the ulGalp rldoW Poll. nrtaBii dropped wto psclae to 19ht in hte index, lhiwe Lebanon nad Afghanistan erwe named sa the htpesinaup asoitnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the NU\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. The United States dropped to the 19th spot in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named in the worst performing countries. Scrambled sentence: Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the NU\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. The United States dropped to the 19th spot in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named in the worst performing countries. Scrambled sentence: Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the NU\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. The United States dropped to the 19th spot in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named in the worst performing countries. Scrambled sentence: Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the NU\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. The United States dropped to the 19th spot in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named in the worst performing countries. Scrambled sentence: Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the NU\u2019s World Happiness Report", "scrambled": "Finland, rDanmke nda Ildecna nekard highest in the NU\u2019s World Happiness Report, based no data mfro the ulGalp rldoW Poll. nrtaBii dropped wto psclae to 19ht in hte index, lhiwe Lebanon nad Afghanistan erwe named sa the htpesinaup asoitnn.", "original": "Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped two places to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest nations.", "recovered": "Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the NU\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. The United States dropped to the 19th spot in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named in the worst performing countries."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lairodF Governor DeSantis is the first rjmoa nacdtaedi ever to announce their run rfo tenresidp no social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn was marred by iecchtlan glitches nad audio opbremls, as the cslioa network\u2019s servers drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg in demand.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Governor DeSantis is the first nacdtaedi ever to announce their run rfo tenresidp no social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn was marred by iecchtlan glitches nad audio opbremls, as the cslioa network\u2019s servers drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg in demand. Scrambled sentence: lairodF Governor DeSantis is the first rjmoa nacdtaedi ever to announce their run rfo tenresidp no social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn was", "scrambled": "lairodF Governor DeSantis is the first rjmoa nacdtaedi ever to announce their run rfo tenresidp no social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn was marred by iecchtlan glitches nad audio opbremls, as the cslioa network\u2019s servers drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg in demand.", "original": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, during a chat with Elon Musk on Twitter Spaces on Wednesday. But the campaign launch was marred by technical glitches and audio problems, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand.", "recovered": "Governor DeSantis is the first nacdtaedi ever to announce their run rfo tenresidp no social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn was marred by iecchtlan glitches nad audio opbremls, as the cslioa network\u2019s servers drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg in demand."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lFootlab\u2019s loglba governing body iFaf hsa confirmed ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei co-etohsd by the SU, aaadCn nda Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 amets, which illw require 40 sgema ermo than eth 64 played in Qatar last arey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: lFootlab\u2019s loglba governing body iFaf hsa confirmed ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei confirmed that the tournament \u2013 which will be co-hos Sc FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed that the World Cup\u2019s governing body FIFA confirmed", "scrambled": "lFootlab\u2019s loglba governing body iFaf hsa confirmed ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei co-etohsd by the SU, aaadCn nda Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 amets, which illw require 40 sgema ermo than eth 64 played in Qatar last arey.", "original": "Football\u2019s global governing body Fifa has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 games more than the 64 played in Qatar last year.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: orF another year ni a row, strawberries continue ot hold the opt pots on eth Dirty enoDz tlis with the smot pesticides, eht SU tptmDrneae of ucrtegArilu announced hsit ewek.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the opt pots on dirty strawberries Dir pesticides, the SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU ", "scrambled": "orF another year ni a row, strawberries continue ot hold the opt pots on eth Dirty enoDz tlis with the smot pesticides, eht SU tptmDrneae of ucrtegArilu announced hsit ewek.", "original": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "recovered": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the opt pots on dirty strawberries Dir pesticides, the SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For eht trsfi tmie ni 31 years, teh Labrador Retriever has eneb teuedans sa the most popular ogd breed in eth SU, cgndracoi to the neaicArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. iTgnak its place si eth uetc and compact nhercF Bulldog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For the trsfi tmie ni 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been teuedans sa the most popular ogd breed in the SU, according to the nationalArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. It took its place si eth uetc and compact nhercF Bulldog. For the trsfi tmie ni 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been the most popular ogd breed in the SU, according to the nationalArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. It took its place si eth uetc and compact nhercF Bulldog. For the trsfi tmie ni 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been the most popular ogd breed in the SU, according to the nationalArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. It took its place si eth uetc and compact ", "scrambled": "For eht trsfi tmie ni 31 years, teh Labrador Retriever has eneb teuedans sa the most popular ogd breed in eth SU, cgndracoi to the neaicArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. iTgnak its place si eth uetc and compact nhercF Bulldog.", "original": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking its place is the cute and compact French Bulldog.", "recovered": "For the trsfi tmie ni 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been teuedans sa the most popular ogd breed in the SU, according to the nationalArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. It took its place si eth uetc and compact nhercF Bulldog. For the trsfi tmie ni 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been the most popular ogd breed in the SU, according to the nationalArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. It took its place si eth uetc and compact nhercF Bulldog. For the trsfi tmie ni 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been the most popular ogd breed in the SU, according to the nationalArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. It took its place si eth uetc and compact"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For the rftis emti in 70 years, het DCC is gganihcn who dogs aer imported iont eht SU to prevent rabies from arriving mfro aroesevs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For the first time in 70 years, the DCC is determining who dogs are imported into the SU to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. Scrambled sentence: For the rftis emti in 70 years, het DCC is gganihcn who dogs aer imported iont eht SU to prevent rabies from arriving mfro aroesevs. Recovered sentence: For the first time in 70 years, the DCC is determining who dogs are imported into the SU to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. Scrambled sentence: For the rftis emti in 70 years, het DCC is gganihcn who dogs aer imported iont eht SU to prevent rabies from arriving mfro aroesevs. Recovered sentence: For the first time in 70 years, the DCC is determining who dogs are imported into the SU to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. Scrambled sentence: For the rftis emt", "scrambled": "For the rftis emti in 70 years, het DCC is gganihcn who dogs aer imported iont eht SU to prevent rabies from arriving mfro aroesevs.", "original": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas.", "recovered": "For the first time in 70 years, the DCC is determining who dogs are imported into the SU to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rFdo aeasppr to be acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe the edlosm affected by the latest recall.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "eSe the edlosm affected by the latest recall. Scrambled sentence: rFdo aeasppr to be acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe the edlosm affected by the latest recall. eSe the edlosm affected by the latest recall. Scrambled sentence: rFdo aeasppr to be acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe the edlosm affected by the latest recall. Scrambled sentence: rFdo aeasppr to be acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe the edlosm affected by the latest recall. Scrambled sentence: rFdo aeasppr to be acinfg orem irnguntufc", "scrambled": "rFdo aeasppr to be acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe the edlosm affected by the latest recall.", "original": "Ford appears to be facing more manufacturing problems. See the models affected by the latest recall.", "recovered": "eSe the edlosm affected by the latest recall."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rodF recalled hundreds fo thousands of F-150 trucks tish week deu to a piargnk arkeb usesi. So rfa, the akomtuare si aware of 299 instances of het parking brake iivancgtat unintentionally, ciundigln ta taels 19 hlewi teh vehicle asw being driven.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "rodF recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake arkesear\u0103. So far, the akomtuare is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake iivancgtat unintentionally, causing a total of 19 incidents while the vehicle was being driven. Scrambled sentence: rodF recalled hundreds fo thousands of F-150 trucks tish week deu to a piargnk arkeb usesi. So rfa, the akomtuare si aware of 299 instances of the parking brake iivancgtat unintentionally, ciundigln ta taels 19 hlewi teh vehicle asw being driven. Scrambled sentence: rodF recalled hundreds fo thousands of F-150 trucks tish week deu to a piargnk arkeb usesi. So rfa, the akomtuare si aware of 299 instances of the parking brake iivancgtat unintentionally, ciundigl", "scrambled": "rodF recalled hundreds fo thousands of F-150 trucks tish week deu to a piargnk arkeb usesi. So rfa, the akomtuare si aware of 299 instances of het parking brake iivancgtat unintentionally, ciundigln ta taels 19 hlewi teh vehicle asw being driven.", "original": "Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake activating unintentionally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven.", "recovered": "rodF recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake arkesear\u0103. So far, the akomtuare is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake iivancgtat unintentionally, causing a total of 19 incidents while the vehicle was being driven."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: romerF stFir Lady Michelle mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv moyncap for kids ot help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d ni the SU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "romerF stFir Lady Michelle mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv moyncap for kids ot help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d ni the SU. Scrambled sentence: romerF stFir Lady Michelle mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv moyncap for kids ot help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d ni the SU. Scrambled sentence: romerF stFir Lady Michelle mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv moyncap for kids ot help combat the", "scrambled": "romerF stFir Lady Michelle mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv moyncap for kids ot help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d ni the SU.", "original": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cnutrition-related health crisis\u201d in the US.", "recovered": "romerF stFir Lady Michelle mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv moyncap for kids ot help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d ni the SU."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eromrF President Donald Trump pleaded otn guilty ot 34 felony criminal csregha of yfnagiflis business drescor ni tMhananta criminal roctu dsyaTeu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "President Donald Trump pleaded guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of felony criminal csregha of yfnagiflis business drescor ni tMhananta criminal roctu dsyaTeu. Scrambled sentence: eromrF President Donald Trump pleade Scram felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony criminal felony", "scrambled": "eromrF President Donald Trump pleaded otn guilty ot 34 felony criminal csregha of yfnagiflis business drescor ni tMhananta criminal roctu dsyaTeu.", "original": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of falsifying business records in Manhattan criminal court Tuesday.", "recovered": "President Donald Trump pleaded guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of felony criminal csregha of yfnagiflis business drescor ni tMhananta criminal roctu dsyaTeu."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: moeFrr Vice dePseitrn ekMi enePc will unclha his 2024 atedseirplni campaign on neuJ 7 with an announcement video adn a speech in aIow, otw ucessro familiar with eth plans ltle NNC.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "moeFrr Vice dePseitrn ekMi enePc will unclha his 2024 atedseirplni campaign on neuJ 7 with an announcement video adn a speech in aIow, otw ucesssro familiar with eth plans ltle NNC. Scrambled sentence: moeFrr Vice dePseitrn ekMi enePc will unclha his 2024 atedseirplni campaign on neuJ 7 with an announcement video adn a speech in aIow, otw ucessro familiar with eth plans ltle NNC. Scrambled sentence: moeFrr Vice dePseitrn ekMi enePc will unclha his 2024 atedseirplni campaign on neuJ 7 with an announcement video adn a speech in aIow, otw uces", "scrambled": "moeFrr Vice dePseitrn ekMi enePc will unclha his 2024 atedseirplni campaign on neuJ 7 with an announcement video adn a speech in aIow, otw ucessro familiar with eth plans ltle NNC.", "original": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sources familiar with the plans tell CNN.", "recovered": "moeFrr Vice dePseitrn ekMi enePc will unclha his 2024 atedseirplni campaign on neuJ 7 with an announcement video adn a speech in aIow, otw ucesssro familiar with eth plans ltle NNC."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Former \u201cGreat rBitshi Meun\u201d star John intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no social media telling vegans ot \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a vegteani eiwerv from a non-meta aeetr. On the Facebook apge of shi hPter urtsarntae, yFer, eh added that \u201clla eanvsg are now ednban\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Former \u201cGreat rBitshi Meun\u201d star John intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no social media telling vegans ot \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a vegteani eiwerv from a non-meta aeetr. On the Facebook apge of shi hPter urtsarntae, yFer, eh added that \u201clla eanvsg are now ednban\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Former \u201cGreat rBitshi Meun\u201d star John intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no social media telling vegans ot \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a vegteani eiwerv from a non-meta aeetr. On the Facebook ap", "scrambled": "Former \u201cGreat rBitshi Meun\u201d star John intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no social media telling vegans ot \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a vegteani eiwerv from a non-meta aeetr. On the Facebook apge of shi hPter urtsarntae, yFer, eh added that \u201clla eanvsg are now ednban\u201d.", "original": "Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Mountain, originally from Lancashire, posted a message on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meat eater. On the Facebook page of his Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.", "recovered": "Former \u201cGreat rBitshi Meun\u201d star John intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no social media telling vegans ot \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a vegteani eiwerv from a non-meta aeetr. On the Facebook apge of shi hPter urtsarntae, yFer, eh added that \u201clla eanvsg are now ednban\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uoFr astronauts, including hteer Americans nda noe naadCnai, lliw eb teh first crew sent to orbit the nomo since the Apooll pgamror edden rmeo tnha 50 years ago.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Astronauts, including a crew of astronauts, including Americans, noe noe and India, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program began 50 years ago. Scrambled sentence: uoFr astronauts, including hteer Americans nda noe noe na The astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts, including astronauts", "scrambled": "uoFr astronauts, including hteer Americans nda noe naadCnai, lliw eb teh first crew sent to orbit the nomo since the Apooll pgamror edden rmeo tnha 50 years ago.", "original": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one Canadian, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "recovered": "Astronauts, including a crew of astronauts, including Americans, noe noe and India, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program began 50 years ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Four egrta wehti ahrsks have ebne detected swimming off the coast in the stap efw ewske. They lal pearpa to eb making hrite annual migration omrf het Fodialr Keys up to the SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, according to the rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug OCEARCH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Four egrta wehti ahrsks have ebne detected swimming off the coast in the stap efw ewske. They lal pearpa to eb making hrite annual migration omrf het Fodialr Keys up to the SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, according to the rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug OCEARCH. Scrambled sentence: Four egrta wehti ahrsks have ebne detected swimming off the coast in the stap efw ewske. They lal pearpa to eb making hrite annual migration omrf het Fodialr Keys up to the SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, according to the rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug OCEARCH. Scrambled sentence: Four e", "scrambled": "Four egrta wehti ahrsks have ebne detected swimming off the coast in the stap efw ewske. They lal pearpa to eb making hrite annual migration omrf het Fodialr Keys up to the SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, according to the rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug OCEARCH.", "original": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the nonprofit marine research group OCEARCH.", "recovered": "Four egrta wehti ahrsks have ebne detected swimming off the coast in the stap efw ewske. They lal pearpa to eb making hrite annual migration omrf het Fodialr Keys up to the SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, according to the rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug OCEARCH."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Four men asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jail orve het weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dade ni a burned building earft a standoff with thiriasueot, and a second asw peaderndphe ni Texas. As fo Friday, eusritthoia were continuing their haresc rof the wot surviving edecaps tsmaeni.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with police, and a second was arrested in Texas. As of Friday, officials were continuing their hunt for the three surviving escapees. Scrambled sentence: Four men asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jail orve het weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dade ni a burned building earft a standoff with thiriasueot, and a second asw peaderndphe ni Texas. As fo Friday, eusritthoia were continuing their haresc rof the wot surviving edecaps tsmaeni. Scrambled sentence: Four men asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jail orve het weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dade ni a burned building earft ", "scrambled": "Four men asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jail orve het weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dade ni a burned building earft a standoff with thiriasueot, and a second asw peaderndphe ni Texas. As fo Friday, eusritthoia were continuing their haresc rof the wot surviving edecaps tsmaeni.", "original": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with authorities, and a second was apprehended in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving escaped inmates.", "recovered": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with police, and a second was arrested in Texas. As of Friday, officials were continuing their hunt for the three surviving escapees."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox wseN and Tucker Carlson, the ghitr-wing eitemtxrs who edtosh the ntkreow\u2019s iperm meti 8 p.m. rhou, have reesvde ties, het ewotkrn said ni a tugsnnni nnconuanetem on Monday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing commentator who hosts the network\u2019s 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, he said in a tweetconuan antreprenortem on Monday. Scrambled sentence: Fox wseN and Tucker Carlson, the ghitr-wing eitemtxrs who edtosh the ntkreow\u2019s iperm meti 8 p.m. rhou, have reesvde ties, het ewotkrn said ni a tugsnnni nnconuanetem on Monday. Scrambled sentence: Fox wseN and Tucker Carlson, the ghitr-wing eitemtxrs who edtosh the ntkreow\u2019s iperm meti 8 p.m. rhou, have reesvde ties, het ewotkrn said ni a tugsnnni n", "scrambled": "Fox wseN and Tucker Carlson, the ghitr-wing eitemtxrs who edtosh the ntkreow\u2019s iperm meti 8 p.m. rhou, have reesvde ties, het ewotkrn said ni a tugsnnni nnconuanetem on Monday.", "original": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the network\u2019s prime time 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, the network said in a stunning announcement on Monday.", "recovered": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing commentator who hosts the network\u2019s 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, he said in a tweetconuan antreprenortem on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox ewsN ndnuoenac the perim-time host\u2019s atpbur rreutadep no oynMda, less tahn a week etraf agreeing to ayp $787.5m to settle a indaaomeft case ni which Carlson elyadp a starring orel.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fox News has reaffirmed the prime-time host\u2019s apology is no longer good enough, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role. Scrambled sentence: Fox ewsN ndnuoenac the perim-time host\u2019s atpbur rreutadep no oynMda, less tahn a week etraf agreeing to ayp $787.5m to settle a indaaomeft case ni which Carlson elyadp a starring orel. Scrambled sentence: Fox ewsN ndnuoenac the perim-time host\u2019s atpbur rreutadep no oynMda, less tahn a week etraf agreeing to ayp $787.5m to settle a indaaomeft case ni which Carlson elyadp a starring or", "scrambled": "Fox ewsN ndnuoenac the perim-time host\u2019s atpbur rreutadep no oynMda, less tahn a week etraf agreeing to ayp $787.5m to settle a indaaomeft case ni which Carlson elyadp a starring orel.", "original": "Fox News announced the prime-time host\u2019s abrupt departure on Monday, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role.", "recovered": "Fox News has reaffirmed the prime-time host\u2019s apology is no longer good enough, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox News avoided a ihgh-profile ntdafomiea altri yb rcnghaei het ltas-minute aled with iDnmnioo, concluding two resay of tiotlinagi over teh wesn network\u2019s iangri fo elfas claims that het 2020 US presidential itoelenc was rigged.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fox News avoided a high-profile ntdafomiea altri yb rcnghaei het ltas-minute aled with iDnmnioo, concluding two resay of tiotlinagi over teh wesn network\u2019s iangri fo elfas claims that het 2020 US presidential itoelenc was rigged. Scrambled sentence: Fox News avoided a ihgh-profile ntdafomiea altri yb rcnghaei het ltas-minute aled with iDnmnioo, concluding two resay of tiotlinagi over teh wesn network\u2019s iangri fo elfas claims that het 2020 US presidential itoelenc was rigged. Scrambled sentence: Fox News avoided a ihgh-profile ntdafomiea altri yb ", "scrambled": "Fox News avoided a ihgh-profile ntdafomiea altri yb rcnghaei het ltas-minute aled with iDnmnioo, concluding two resay of tiotlinagi over teh wesn network\u2019s iangri fo elfas claims that het 2020 US presidential itoelenc was rigged.", "original": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching the last-minute deal with Dominion, concluding two years of litigation over the news network\u2019s airing of false claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "recovered": "Fox News avoided a high-profile ntdafomiea altri yb rcnghaei het ltas-minute aled with iDnmnioo, concluding two resay of tiotlinagi over teh wesn network\u2019s iangri fo elfas claims that het 2020 US presidential itoelenc was rigged."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox eswN wlil pay eorm ntha $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etsSsmy after the two siesd deagre ot a astl-minute settlement ysdeaTu in het lvseexipo aeafimdnot case brought aiantgs eth right-wing network.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fox News will pay from $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etSsmy after the two siesd deagre ot a last-minute settlement ysdeaTu fox news fox news will pay from $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etSsmy after the two siesd deagre ot a last-minute settlement ysdeaTu in a case brought against the right-wing network. Scrambled sentence: Fox News will pay from $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etSsmy after the two siesd deagre ot a last-minute settlement ysdeaFox News will pay from $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etSsmy after the two siesd deagre ot a last-minute settlement ysdeaFox News will pay from $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etSsmy after the two siesd dea", "scrambled": "Fox eswN wlil pay eorm ntha $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etsSsmy after the two siesd deagre ot a astl-minute settlement ysdeaTu in het lvseexipo aeafimdnot case brought aiantgs eth right-wing network.", "original": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Dominion Voting Systems after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the explosive defamation case brought against the right-wing network.", "recovered": "Fox News will pay from $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etSsmy after the two siesd deagre ot a last-minute settlement ysdeaTu fox news fox news will pay from $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etSsmy after the two siesd deagre ot a last-minute settlement ysdeaTu in a case brought against the right-wing network."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: German authorities warned locals in erniBl\u2019s rnouhtes suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a eeamlf lion aws ta elgra. Two eswsnseit reported sneieg a ibg cat running rftea adn llnikgi a widl orba, cdcingrao to icupbl broadcaster BBR. \u201ceW ndo\u2019t know wereh ti came from,\u201d isad cipleo pnmasoesk enliDa Kiep. oN naebry ozso, circuses or ssritaeucan seem to be missing one.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s rnouhtes suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a lion was ta elgra. Two eswsnseit reported sneieg a ibg cat running rftea and llnikgi a widl orba, cdcingrao to icupbl broadcaster BBR. \u201ceW ndo\u2019t know wereh ti came from,\u201d isad cipleo pnmasoesk enliDa Kiep. oN naebry ozso, circuses or ssritaeucan seem to be missing one. Scrambled sentence: German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s rnouhtes suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a lion was ta elgra. Two eswsnseit reported sneieg a ibg cat running rftea and llnikg", "scrambled": "German authorities warned locals in erniBl\u2019s rnouhtes suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a eeamlf lion aws ta elgra. Two eswsnseit reported sneieg a ibg cat running rftea adn llnikgi a widl orba, cdcingrao to icupbl broadcaster BBR. \u201ceW ndo\u2019t know wereh ti came from,\u201d isad cipleo pnmasoesk enliDa Kiep. oN naebry ozso, circuses or ssritaeucan seem to be missing one.", "original": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at large. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a wild boar, according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Daniel Kiep. No nearby zoos, circuses or sanctuaries seem to be missing one.", "recovered": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s rnouhtes suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a lion was ta elgra. Two eswsnseit reported sneieg a ibg cat running rftea and llnikgi a widl orba, cdcingrao to icupbl broadcaster BBR. \u201ceW ndo\u2019t know wereh ti came from,\u201d isad cipleo pnmasoesk enliDa Kiep. oN naebry ozso, circuses or ssritaeucan seem to be missing one."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Germany, eht wto-emti champion mtae, asw dramatically knocked out of the World Cpu on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 adwr ithw South rKeao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Germany, a two-time champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion", "scrambled": "Germany, eht wto-emti champion mtae, asw dramatically knocked out of the World Cpu on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 adwr ithw South rKeao.", "original": "Germany, the two-time champion team, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "recovered": "Germany, a two-time champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Glasgow has na average elif expectancy of 76 aresy, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm area, odgrcnaic ot an analysis fo NSO data yb hateHl suqEal. The campaign rugop abledm \u201crsgnlatti\u201d glareoni disparities on udsadsrnatb housing, ropo nitoaudce and poverty. Find uot more wiht eTh eWek Unwrapped tpocsda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s southside area, according to an analysis of NSO data by health campaigners. The campaign group Health Unwrapped has branded \u201cshocking\u201d the disparities on unaddressed issues such as housing, unemployment, education and poverty. Find out more with this week\u2019s Health Unwrapped. Scrambled sentence: Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s southside area, according to an analysis fo NSO data by health campaigners. The campaign group Health Unwrapped has branded \u201cshocking\u201d the disparities on unaddressed issues such as housing, unemployment, education and poverty. Find out more with this week\u2019s Health Unwrapped. Recovered sentence: Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s southside area, according to an analysis fo NSO data by health campaigners. The campaign group Health Unwrapped has branded \u201cshock", "scrambled": "Glasgow has na average elif expectancy of 76 aresy, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm area, odgrcnaic ot an analysis fo NSO data yb hateHl suqEal. The campaign rugop abledm \u201crsgnlatti\u201d glareoni disparities on udsadsrnatb housing, ropo nitoaudce and poverty. Find uot more wiht eTh eWek Unwrapped tpocsda.", "original": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hampstead area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d regional disparities on substandard housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s southside area, according to an analysis of NSO data by health campaigners. The campaign group Health Unwrapped has branded \u201cshocking\u201d the disparities on unaddressed issues such as housing, unemployment, education and poverty. Find out more with this week\u2019s Health Unwrapped."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Global star orTaly Swift sha re-eesrleda her 2010 almub \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d as rpta fo an innoggo er-geirdnocr project. But fans are devdidi revo eagcshn ot eth lyrics fo the ablmu\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter hanT eneevgR\u201d. In het original vsreoni, Swift sceausc a girl who ash stolen her voel tiesetrn of being \u201cbetter known for het thngsi atht esh does / On het mattress.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Global star orTaly Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d as rpta for an innovative and er-geirdnocr project. But fans are desperate to revo lyrics for the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter hanT eneevgR\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her feeling of being \u201cbetter known for the things she does / On the mattress.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Global star orTaly Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d as rpta fo an innoggo er-geirdnocr project. But fans are desperate to revo lyrics for the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter hanT eneevgR\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her feeling of being \u201cbetter known for the things she does / On the mattress.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Global star orTaly Swift has re-released her 2010 album", "scrambled": "Global star orTaly Swift sha re-eesrleda her 2010 almub \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d as rpta fo an innoggo er-geirdnocr project. But fans are devdidi revo eagcshn ot eth lyrics fo the ablmu\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter hanT eneevgR\u201d. In het original vsreoni, Swift sceausc a girl who ash stolen her voel tiesetrn of being \u201cbetter known for het thngsi atht esh does / On het mattress.\u201d.", "original": "Global star Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing re-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her love interest of being \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.", "recovered": "Global star orTaly Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d as rpta for an innovative and er-geirdnocr project. But fans are desperate to revo lyrics for the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter hanT eneevgR\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her feeling of being \u201cbetter known for the things she does / On the mattress.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Granger delivered hte wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn Orders, oN. 3, in Galveston, Texas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered", "scrambled": "Granger delivered hte wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn Orders, oN. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "original": "Granger delivered the news, known as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "recovered": "Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered the following letter, written by Granger, to the President, William H. Granger, on March 3, 1861. Granger delivered"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Greenland\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet to kctis ot ayhDitgl Saving Times in order to give people ni the siaDhn semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to od neibssus with eEropu and rotNh Amrceai. dnFi otu more thiw The Week wdpUnarep odtacsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Greenland\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet to kctis ot ayhDitgl Saving Times in order to give people ni the siaDhn semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to od neibssus with eEropu and rotNh Amrceai. dnFi otu more thiw The Week wdpUnarep odtacsp. Scrambled sentence: Greenland\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet to kctis ot ayhDitgl Saving Times in order to kctis ot ayhDitgl Saving Times in order to give people ni the siaDhn semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to od neibssus with eEropu and rotN", "scrambled": "Greenland\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet to kctis ot ayhDitgl Saving Times in order to give people ni the siaDhn semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to od neibssus with eEropu and rotNh Amrceai. dnFi otu more thiw The Week wdpUnarep odtacsp.", "original": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick to Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent territory more time in the afternoon to do business with Europe and North America. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Greenland\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet to kctis ot ayhDitgl Saving Times in order to give people ni the siaDhn semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to od neibssus with eEropu and rotNh Amrceai. dnFi otu more thiw The Week wdpUnarep odtacsp."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie eth opt spot as eth shehigt-nsoiggsr film fo the arey, raking in $162 lnmoiil in the US dna Canada alone.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie eth opt spot as eth shehigt-nsoiggsr film fo the arey, raking in $162 lnmoiil in the US dna Canada alone. Scrambled sentence: Gate Jude\u0163ean \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie eth opt spot as eth shehigt-nsoiggsr film fo the arey, raking in $162 lnmoiil in the US dna Canada alone. Scrambled sentence: Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie eth opt spot as eth shehigt-nsoiggsr film fo the arey, raking in $162 lnmoiil in the US dna Canada alone. Scrambled sentence: Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie eth opt spot as eth shehigt-nsoiggs", "scrambled": "Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie eth opt spot as eth shehigt-nsoiggsr film fo the arey, raking in $162 lnmoiil in the US dna Canada alone.", "original": "Greta Gerwig\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "recovered": "Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie eth opt spot as eth shehigt-nsoiggsr film fo the arey, raking in $162 lnmoiil in the US dna Canada alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gfrei-stricken Nashville sitseernd aemc ortetghe for a vilgi dnaeedyWs to uonrm three 9-ryae-old hcedlnir dna three adults kildle in eth mass shooting ta a private Christian ohcols.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Grief-stricken Nashville sits awed aemc otetghe for a vilgi dnaeedyWs to uonrm three 9-ryae-old hcedlnir dna three adults kildle in eth mass shooting ta a private Christian ohcols. Scrambled sentence: Gfrei-stricken Nashville sitseernd aemc ortetghe for a vilgi dnaeedyWs to uonrm three 9-ryae-old hcedlnir dna three adults kildle in eth mass shooting ta a private Christian ohcols. Recovered sentence: Grief-stricken Nashville sits awed aemc otetghe for a vilgi dnaeedyWs to uonrm three 9-ryae-old hcedlnir ", "scrambled": "Gfrei-stricken Nashville sitseernd aemc ortetghe for a vilgi dnaeedyWs to uonrm three 9-ryae-old hcedlnir dna three adults kildle in eth mass shooting ta a private Christian ohcols.", "original": "Grief-stricken Nashville residents came together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-year-old children and three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.", "recovered": "Grief-stricken Nashville sits awed aemc otetghe for a vilgi dnaeedyWs to uonrm three 9-ryae-old hcedlnir dna three adults kildle in eth mass shooting ta a private Christian ohcols."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d dle htwi 27 yEmm nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d iwth 24. Teh mEmy sarAdw are currently scheduled for Spbeermet 18. (HOB, ihcwh like CNN, si owned yb Warner rsBo. Discovery.).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSu", "scrambled": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d dle htwi 27 yEmm nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d iwth 24. Teh mEmy sarAdw are currently scheduled for Spbeermet 18. (HOB, ihcwh like CNN, si owned yb Warner rsBo. Discovery.).", "original": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.).", "recovered": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSu"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hackers from a waeaosrnmr gagn rea reatetihngn ot alke 80 ygtabiges of confidential data ofrm Reddit taht they cimal to have stolen during a byerFrua breach, according ot a opst fmor the pgrou no the ardk web, ichwh wsa reviewed by NNC and an pdeteeindnn crsibcueteyry expert.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hackers from a well-known hacking group have released more than 80 GB of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a data breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by NNC News and an identified cybercrime expert. Scrambled sentence: Hackers from a well-known hacking group have released more than 80 GB of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a data breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by NNC News and an identified cybercrime expert. Scrambled sentence: Hackers from a well-known hacking group have released more than 80 GB of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a data breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by NNC News and an identified cybercrime expert. Scrambled sentence: Hackers from a well-known hacking group have released more than 80 GB of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a data breach, according to a post", "scrambled": "Hackers from a waeaosrnmr gagn rea reatetihngn ot alke 80 ygtabiges of confidential data ofrm Reddit taht they cimal to have stolen during a byerFrua breach, according ot a opst fmor the pgrou no the ardk web, ichwh wsa reviewed by NNC and an pdeteeindnn crsibcueteyry expert.", "original": "Hackers from a ransomware gang are threatening to leak 80 gigabytes of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a February breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by CNN and an independent cybersecurity expert.", "recovered": "Hackers from a well-known hacking group have released more than 80 GB of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a data breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by NNC News and an identified cybercrime expert."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lHaf fo all Americans ignilv idtesuo on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More htna 170,000 unhoused people ucrlrenyt live in het state \u2014 nda that rugeif is wnriggo, leaderf aadt shows.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Half fo all Americans ignilv idtesuo on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More htna 170,000 unhoused people ucrlrenyt live in het state \u2014 nda that rugeif is wnriggo, leaderf aadt shows. Scrambled sentence: lHaf fo all Americans ignilv idtesuo on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More htna 170,000 unhoused people ucrlrenyt live in het state \u2014 nda that rugeif is wnriggo, leaderf aadt shows. Scrambled sentence: lHaf fo all Americans ignilv idtesuo on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More htna 170,000 unhoused people ucrlrenyt live in het state \u2014", "scrambled": "lHaf fo all Americans ignilv idtesuo on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More htna 170,000 unhoused people ucrlrenyt live in het state \u2014 nda that rugeif is wnriggo, leaderf aadt shows.", "original": "Half of all Americans living outside on the streets live in California. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows.", "recovered": "Half fo all Americans ignilv idtesuo on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More htna 170,000 unhoused people ucrlrenyt live in het state \u2014 nda that rugeif is wnriggo, leaderf aadt shows."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nnhHaa Ingram-Moore nad her husband rwee nteardg permission ot build an iecffo in eth duosgnr of their Bedfordshire ehom, ot eb used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain omT Foundation and tis charitable objectives\u201d, tbu enht added a olpo unlbdigi nda padeipl for retrospective permission. heyT have won neeb derdore to sihmedlo the lpoo spa complex feart the cvesteroerpti application wsa denied.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "nnhHaa Ingram-Moore and her husband rwee nteardg permission ot build an iecffo in eth duosgnr of their Bedfordshire ehom, ot eb used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain omT Foundation and tis charitable objectives\u201d, tbu enht added a olpo unlbdigi nda padeipl for retrospective permission. heyT have won neeb derdore to sihmedlo the lpoo spa complex feart the cvesteroerpti application wsa denied. Scrambled sentence: nnhHaa Ingram-Moore and her husband rwee nteardg permission ot build an iecffo in eth duosgnr of their Bedfordshire ehom, ot eb used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain", "scrambled": "nnhHaa Ingram-Moore nad her husband rwee nteardg permission ot build an iecffo in eth duosgnr of their Bedfordshire ehom, ot eb used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain omT Foundation and tis charitable objectives\u201d, tbu enht added a olpo unlbdigi nda padeipl for retrospective permission. heyT have won neeb derdore to sihmedlo the lpoo spa complex feart the cvesteroerpti application wsa denied.", "original": "Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband were granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire home, to be used partly \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool building and applied for retrospective permission. They have now been ordered to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application was denied.", "recovered": "nnhHaa Ingram-Moore and her husband rwee nteardg permission ot build an iecffo in eth duosgnr of their Bedfordshire ehom, ot eb used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain omT Foundation and tis charitable objectives\u201d, tbu enht added a olpo unlbdigi nda padeipl for retrospective permission. heyT have won neeb derdore to sihmedlo the lpoo spa complex feart the cvesteroerpti application wsa denied."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nHu Sen, who has eben Cambodia\u2019s imrpe minister since 1985, oanenncdu shi resignation asyd ftear ish party own a ilvrylaut uncontested general election. inFd out oemr thiw The eWek Unwrapped cdpaost.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation as leader of the Cambodian People\u2019s Party on Friday, paving the way for his party to own a largely uncontested general election. Check out more in The eWeek Unwrapped podcast. Scrambled sentence: nHu Sen, who has eben Cambodia\u2019s imrpe minister since 1985, oanenncdu shi resignation asyd ftear ish party own a ilvrylaut uncontested general election. inFd out oemr thiw The eWek Unwrapped cdpaost. Scrambled sentence: nHu Sen, who has eben Cambodia\u2019s imrpe minister since 1985, oanenncdu shi resignation asyd ftear ish party own a ilvrylaut uncontested general election. inFd out oemr thiw The eWek Unwrapped cdpaost. Scrambled sentence: nHu Sen, who has eben Cambodia\u2019s imrpe", "scrambled": "nHu Sen, who has eben Cambodia\u2019s imrpe minister since 1985, oanenncdu shi resignation asyd ftear ish party own a ilvrylaut uncontested general election. inFd out oemr thiw The eWek Unwrapped cdpaost.", "original": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation as leader of the Cambodian People\u2019s Party on Friday, paving the way for his party to own a largely uncontested general election. Check out more in The eWeek Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nuHtre indeB, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy ot two axt dmsnoiereasm adn struck a deal with earlfed prosecutors ot resolve a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, the etisuJc Department said sdeTyau in ocurt ilisgnf. sA part of the plea agreement, the ODJ ash agreed ot recommend a tsnenece of iatboporn for hte two usncto of ilgfina ot ypa taxes in a timely etmtar orf teh years 2017 and 2018, according to cseours.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "nuHtre indeB, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy ot two axt dmsnoiereasm adn struck a deal with earlfed prosecutors ot resolve a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, the etisuJc Department said sdeTyau in ocurt ilisgnf. sA part of the plea agreement, the ODJ ash agreed ot recommend a tsnenece of iatboporn for hte two usncto of ilgfina ot ypa taxes in a timely etmtar orf teh years 2017 and 2018, according to cseours. Scrambled sentence: nuHtre indeB, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy ot two ", "scrambled": "nuHtre indeB, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy ot two axt dmsnoiereasm adn struck a deal with earlfed prosecutors ot resolve a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, the etisuJc Department said sdeTyau in ocurt ilisgnf. sA part of the plea agreement, the ODJ ash agreed ot recommend a tsnenece of iatboporn for hte two usncto of ilgfina ot ypa taxes in a timely etmtar orf teh years 2017 and 2018, according to cseours.", "original": "Hunter Biden, the son of President Joe Biden, will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "recovered": "nuHtre indeB, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy ot two axt dmsnoiereasm adn struck a deal with earlfed prosecutors ot resolve a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, the etisuJc Department said sdeTyau in ocurt ilisgnf. sA part of the plea agreement, the ODJ ash agreed ot recommend a tsnenece of iatboporn for hte two usncto of ilgfina ot ypa taxes in a timely etmtar orf teh years 2017 and 2018, according to cseours."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hvaldimir ahs recently reappeared off the coast fo Sweden, invahg etspn years in Norwegian waters. enWh teh whale ifrts apeerpda four asyer aog, marine biologists from the rnwieaogN doetartrcei fo eisirhesf removed a harness, which had a mount altisube orf an ncaoti camera dan eht srdwo \u201cptEnieumq St Petersburg\u201d idtenrp no it, daegnil ot speculation the hwlea odlcu veha neeb tapr of a iRussan spying mpemgraro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, after spending ten years in Norwegian waters. When the whale stranded a few days ago, marine biologists from the whale rescue centre in Troms removed a harness, which had a mount for an underwater camera and the words \u201cPetrograd / St Petersburg\u201d engraved on it, confirming speculation the whale off the coast of Sweden was the target of a Russian spying operation. Scrambled sentence: Hvaldimir ahs recently reappeared off the coast fo Sweden, invahg etspn years in Norwegian waters. enWh teh whale ifrts apeerpda four asyer aog, marine biologists from the rnwieaogN doetartrcei fo eisirhesf removed a harness, which had a mount altisube orf an ncaoti camera dan eht srdwo \u201cptEnieumq St Petersburg\u201d idtenr", "scrambled": "Hvaldimir ahs recently reappeared off the coast fo Sweden, invahg etspn years in Norwegian waters. enWh teh whale ifrts apeerpda four asyer aog, marine biologists from the rnwieaogN doetartrcei fo eisirhesf removed a harness, which had a mount altisube orf an ncaoti camera dan eht srdwo \u201cptEnieumq St Petersburg\u201d idtenrp no it, daegnil ot speculation the hwlea odlcu veha neeb tapr of a iRussan spying mpemgraro.", "original": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having spent years in Norwegian waters. When the whale first appeared four years ago, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of fisheries removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cEquipment St Petersburg\u201d printed on it, leading to speculation the whale could have been part of a Russian spying programme.", "recovered": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, after spending ten years in Norwegian waters. When the whale stranded a few days ago, marine biologists from the whale rescue centre in Troms removed a harness, which had a mount for an underwater camera and the words \u201cPetrograd / St Petersburg\u201d engraved on it, confirming speculation the whale off the coast of Sweden was the target of a Russian spying operation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fI the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, tnuvrlseoe ot receive BIU will eb selected at modnar from Jarrow ni South eTinseyd nda staE lhFeniyc ni hntro nnoodL, nad 20% of places lwli be reserved for people ihwt ilbiisasdeti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "If the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, the students who receive BIU will be selected at random from Jarrow and South Tyneside and the town of Hexham, and 20% of places will be reserved for people who have been unemployed for more than two years. Scrambled sentence: fI the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, tnuvrlseoe ot receive BIU will eb selected at modnar from Jarrow ni South eTinseyd nda staE lhFeniyc nda staE lhFeniyc ni hntro nnoodL, nad 20% of places lwli be reserved for people ihwt ilbiisasdeti. Recovered sentence: If the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, the students who receive BIU will be selected at random from Jarrow and South Tyneside and the town of Hexham, and 20% of places will be reserved for people who have", "scrambled": "fI the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, tnuvrlseoe ot receive BIU will eb selected at modnar from Jarrow ni South eTinseyd nda staE lhFeniyc ni hntro nnoodL, nad 20% of places lwli be reserved for people ihwt ilbiisasdeti.", "original": "If the two-year pilot programme secures funding, volunteers to receive UBI will be selected at random from Jarrow in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "recovered": "If the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, the students who receive BIU will be selected at random from Jarrow and South Tyneside and the town of Hexham, and 20% of places will be reserved for people who have been unemployed for more than two years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI 2022, the State iFra fo sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors turhgho sit aegst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In 2022, the State of Qatar welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors to the State of Qatar. Scrambled sentence: nI 2022, the State iFra fo sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors turhgho sit aegst. Scrambled sentence: nI 2022, the State iFra fo sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors turhgho sit aegst. Scrambled sentence: nI 2022, the State iFra fo sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors turhgho sit aegst. Scrambled sentence: nI 2022, the State iFra fo sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors turhgho sit aegst. Scrambled sentence: nI 2022, the State iFra fo sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors turhgho sit aegst. Scrambled sentence", "scrambled": "nI 2022, the State iFra fo sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors turhgho sit aegst.", "original": "In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates.", "recovered": "In 2022, the State of Qatar welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors to the State of Qatar."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg alWleca: The rBishti Miracle eatM\u201d, het MasterChef co-host eailcdm to eb iitivsgn a aocympn ahtt sold \u201creeeindgen human meat\u201d grown ofrm slcise fo hfsel surgically eresdahvt mfro elar people. ehT mockumentary sah dprekas mptnaolcis to moOfc from viewers hwo believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks sa a way ot batmco the cost-fo-ignliv crisis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "nI Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg alWleca: The rBishti Miracle eatM\u201d, het MasterChef co-host eailcdm to eb iitivsgn a aocympn ahtt sold \u201creeeindgen human meat\u201d grown ofrm slcise fo hfsel surgically eresdahvt mfro elar people. ehT mockumentary sah dprekas mptnaolcis to moOfc from viewers hwo believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks sa a way ot batmco the cost-fo-ignliv crisis. Scrambled sentence: nI Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg alWleca: The rBishti Miracle eatM\u201d, het MasterChef co-host eailcdm to eb iitivsgn a aocympn ah", "scrambled": "nI Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg alWleca: The rBishti Miracle eatM\u201d, het MasterChef co-host eailcdm to eb iitivsgn a aocympn ahtt sold \u201creeeindgen human meat\u201d grown ofrm slcise fo hfsel surgically eresdahvt mfro elar people. ehT mockumentary sah dprekas mptnaolcis to moOfc from viewers hwo believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks sa a way ot batmco the cost-fo-ignliv crisis.", "original": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle Meat\u201d, the MasterChef co-host claimed to be visiting a company that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices of flesh surgically harvested from real people. The mockumentary has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis.", "recovered": "nI Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg alWleca: The rBishti Miracle eatM\u201d, het MasterChef co-host eailcdm to eb iitivsgn a aocympn ahtt sold \u201creeeindgen human meat\u201d grown ofrm slcise fo hfsel surgically eresdahvt mfro elar people. ehT mockumentary sah dprekas mptnaolcis to moOfc from viewers hwo believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks sa a way ot batmco the cost-fo-ignliv crisis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI Italy, na intensifying ahte evaw hsa already claimed at lseat one iefl and left several tourists ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud to hate rektso, officials said.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "nI Italy, a intensifying ahte evaw hsa already claimed at lseat one iefl and left several tourists ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud to hate rektso, officials said. Scrambled sentence: nI Italy, a intensifying ahte evaw hsa already claimed at lseat one iefl and left several tourists ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud to hate rektso, officials said. Scrambled sentence: nI Italy, a intensifying ahte evaw hsa already claimed at lseat one iefl and left several tourists ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud to hate rektso, officials said. Scrambled sentence: nI Italy, a intensifying ahte evaw hsa already claimed at lseat one ief", "scrambled": "nI Italy, na intensifying ahte evaw hsa already claimed at lseat one iefl and left several tourists ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud to hate rektso, officials said.", "original": "In Italy, an intensifying heat wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rome incapacitated due to heat stroke, officials said.", "recovered": "nI Italy, a intensifying ahte evaw hsa already claimed at lseat one iefl and left several tourists ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud to hate rektso, officials said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a YouGov survey fo 4,592 ihriBts voters, almost eon ni four neG Z erdsotnepsn sdai the British monarchy dloush eb replaced with na celetde deah of tseta. Almost 60% said yeht believed gnKi selraCh swa uto of hcotu with the public.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 british voters, almost one in four (24%) said the British monarchy should be replaced with a democratic head of state. Almost 60% said they believed the monarchy was out of touch with the public. Scrambled sentence: In a YouGov survey fo 4,592 ihriBts voters, almost eon ni four neG Z erdsotnepsn sdai the British monarchy dloush eb replaced with na celetde deah of tseta. Almost 60% said yeht believed gnKi selraCh swa uto of hcotu with the public. Scrambled sentence: In a YouGov survey fo 4,592 ihriBts voters, almost eon ni four neG Z erdsotnepsn sdai the British monarchy dloush eb replaced with na celetde deah of tset", "scrambled": "In a YouGov survey fo 4,592 ihriBts voters, almost eon ni four neG Z erdsotnepsn sdai the British monarchy dloush eb replaced with na celetde deah of tseta. Almost 60% said yeht believed gnKi selraCh swa uto of hcotu with the public.", "original": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British voters, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy should be replaced with an elected head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public.", "recovered": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 british voters, almost one in four (24%) said the British monarchy should be replaced with a democratic head of state. Almost 60% said they believed the monarchy was out of touch with the public."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a idb to tvrneep racegoers from inrtiugna ni public during this weke\u2019s meiegnt, teehhmnCla Council provided liquid-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot residents and businesses. Officials in hte chsrrietselGuoe tnwo also uoerdpcd a rsteop showing a nma dan a nwoma gniepe against a eter, with the nosagl: \u201cHave fun this earc ewke but remember uro town sni\u2019t uryo toilet.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a bid to keep racegoers from intruding on the public during this week\u2019s meeting, the Town Council provided liquid-helping handouts to residents and businesses. Officials in the racecourse town also used a poster showing a nma dan a nwoma gniepe against a eter, with the note: \u201cHave fun this earc ewke but remember your town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: In a idb to tvrneep racegoers from inrtiugna ni public during this weke\u2019s meiegnt, teehhmnCla Council provided liquid-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot residents and businesses. Officials in hte chsrrietselGuoe tnwo also uoerdpcd a rsteop showing a nma dan a nw", "scrambled": "In a idb to tvrneep racegoers from inrtiugna ni public during this weke\u2019s meiegnt, teehhmnCla Council provided liquid-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot residents and businesses. Officials in hte chsrrietselGuoe tnwo also uoerdpcd a rsteop showing a nma dan a nwoma gniepe against a eter, with the nosagl: \u201cHave fun this earc ewke but remember uro town sni\u2019t uryo toilet.\u201d.", "original": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, Cheltenham Council provided liquid-repelling hydrophobic paint to residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also produced a poster showing a man and a woman peeing against a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.", "recovered": "In a bid to keep racegoers from intruding on the public during this week\u2019s meeting, the Town Council provided liquid-helping handouts to residents and businesses. Officials in the racecourse town also used a poster showing a nma dan a nwoma gniepe against a eter, with the note: \u201cHave fun this earc ewke but remember your town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a letter ot hhetla and social erca essbso, etM Police commissioner Mark Rowley asedtt his nienotitn ot order sfrcefoi ton ot attend mental health incidents rmfo 31 gAtsuu ondawsr. Rleywo argued eth mveo is nsecaryes sa officers are being \u201ctdvdeire from their core role fo fighting cimer\u201d, inlglca the renutrc utstoaiin \u201cuntenable\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a letter to health and social care secretary Matt Hancock, Metropolitan Police commissioner Mark Rowley assented his refusal to order officers to attend mental health incidents on 31 October last year. Rowley argued that the move is unnecessary as officers are being \u201cdistracted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, describing the resource as \u201cuntenable\u201d. Scrambled sentence: nI a letter ot hhetla and social erca essbso, etM Police commissioner Mark Rowley asedtt his nienotitn ot order sfrcefoi ton ot attend mental health incidents rmfo 31 gAtsuu ondawsr. Rleywo argued eth mveo is nsecaryes sa officers are being \u201ctdvdeire from their core role fo fighting cimer\u201d, inlglca the renutrc utstoaiin \u201cuntenable\u201d. Recovered sentence: In a letter to health and social care secretary Matt Hancock, Metropolitan Police", "scrambled": "nI a letter ot hhetla and social erca essbso, etM Police commissioner Mark Rowley asedtt his nienotitn ot order sfrcefoi ton ot attend mental health incidents rmfo 31 gAtsuu ondawsr. Rleywo argued eth mveo is nsecaryes sa officers are being \u201ctdvdeire from their core role fo fighting cimer\u201d, inlglca the renutrc utstoaiin \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "original": "In a letter to health and social care bosses, Met Police commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend mental health incidents from 31 August onwards. Rowley argued the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "recovered": "In a letter to health and social care secretary Matt Hancock, Metropolitan Police commissioner Mark Rowley assented his refusal to order officers to attend mental health incidents on 31 October last year. Rowley argued that the move is unnecessary as officers are being \u201cdistracted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, describing the resource as \u201cuntenable\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead fo Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, taermrS legpedd to dale a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d by overhauling public rcssieev including het SNH. The Lrabuo leader also unveiled plans ot help srfti-emti home buyers, nda a revamp fo tuition sfee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead of Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, taermrS legpedd to dale a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d by overhauling public rcssieev including het SNH. The Lrabuo leader also unveiled plans ot help srfti-emti home buyers, nda a revamp fo tuition sfee. Scrambled sentence: nI a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead fo Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, taermrS legpedd to dale a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d by overhauling public rcssieev including het SNH. The Lrabuo leader also unveiled", "scrambled": "nI a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead fo Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, taermrS legpedd to dale a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d by overhauling public rcssieev including het SNH. The Lrabuo leader also unveiled plans ot help srfti-emti home buyers, nda a revamp fo tuition sfee.", "original": "In a newspaper interview ahead of Thursday\u2019s local elections, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and reforming Labour government bringing about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a revamp of tuition fees.", "recovered": "In a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead of Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, taermrS legpedd to dale a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d by overhauling public rcssieev including het SNH. The Lrabuo leader also unveiled plans ot help srfti-emti home buyers, nda a revamp fo tuition sfee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a reotpr published no yTdasuhr, the privileges committee said that dha sJonhno not ladarey nidgeres, eh should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for yterbalediel misleading sMP rove Partygate.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a report published no yTdasuhr, the privileges committee said that dha sJonhno not ladarey nidgeres, eh should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for yterbalediel misleading sMP rove Partygate. Scrambled sentence: nI a reotpr published no yTdasuhr, the privileges committee said that dha sJonhno not ladarey nidgeres, eh should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for yterbalediel misleading sMP rove Partygate. Scrambled sentence: nI a reotpr published no yTdasuhr, the privileges committee said that dha sJonhno not ladarey nidgeres, eh should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for yterbalediel misleading sMP ", "scrambled": "nI a reotpr published no yTdasuhr, the privileges committee said that dha sJonhno not ladarey nidgeres, eh should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for yterbalediel misleading sMP rove Partygate.", "original": "In a report published on Thursday, the privileges committee said that had Johnson not already resigned, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "recovered": "In a report published no yTdasuhr, the privileges committee said that dha sJonhno not ladarey nidgeres, eh should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for yterbalediel misleading sMP rove Partygate."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a fcitgniasin gleal nrilug, a Canadian gdeuj sha edlerdac that het \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries eth emsa legal ghitwe sa a ornitaatild signature. The udgej argued atth courts tums embrace the ivngeolv mmocitnacuino methods of the \u201cenw reality\u201d as eh spsade a itvcerd dgdnieman a remarf pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for na unfulfilled contract with a agirn buyer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "landmark legal ruling, a Canadian judge has ruled that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a handwritten signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the interactive and multimedia computing methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as the spokesman for a disappointed divorceeman a remarf pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a agirn buyer. In a landmark legal ruling, a Canadian judge has ruled that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a handwritten signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the interactive and multimedia computing methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as the spokesman for a disappointed divorceeman a remarf pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a agirn buyer. In a landmark legal ruling, a Canadian judge has ruled that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a handwritten signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the interactive", "scrambled": "In a fcitgniasin gleal nrilug, a Canadian gdeuj sha edlerdac that het \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries eth emsa legal ghitwe sa a ornitaatild signature. The udgej argued atth courts tums embrace the ivngeolv mmocitnacuino methods of the \u201cenw reality\u201d as eh spsade a itvcerd dgdnieman a remarf pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for na unfulfilled contract with a agirn buyer.", "original": "In a significant legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a traditional signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the evolving communication methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a verdict demanding a farmer pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.", "recovered": "landmark legal ruling, a Canadian judge has ruled that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a handwritten signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the interactive and multimedia computing methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as the spokesman for a disappointed divorceeman a remarf pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a agirn buyer. In a landmark legal ruling, a Canadian judge has ruled that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a handwritten signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the interactive and multimedia computing methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as the spokesman for a disappointed divorceeman a remarf pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a agirn buyer. In a landmark legal ruling, a Canadian judge has ruled that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a handwritten signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the interactive"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime ntriesim and hsi wife, mofrer TV presenter Sophie rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce to eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201cmany iugefmlann dna difficult conversations\u201d. Tehy ewer married in atolnreM ni 2005 and vhae three nrcidelh together.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime ntriesim and hsi wife, mofrer TV presenter Sophie rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce to eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201cmany iugefmlann dna difficult conversations\u201d. Tehy ewer married in atolnreM ni 2005 and vhae three nrcidelh together. Scrambled sentence: In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime ntriesim and hsi wife, mofrer TV presenter Sophie rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce to eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201cmany iugefmlann dna difficult conversations\u201d. Tehy ewer married in atolnreM ni 2005 and vhae three nrcidelh together. Scrambled sentence", "scrambled": "In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime ntriesim and hsi wife, mofrer TV presenter Sophie rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce to eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201cmany iugefmlann dna difficult conversations\u201d. Tehy ewer married in atolnreM ni 2005 and vhae three nrcidelh together.", "original": "In an announcement on Instagram, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \u201cmany meaningful and difficult conversations\u201d. They were married in Montreal in 2005 and have three children together.", "recovered": "In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime ntriesim and hsi wife, mofrer TV presenter Sophie rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce to eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201cmany iugefmlann dna difficult conversations\u201d. Tehy ewer married in atolnreM ni 2005 and vhae three nrcidelh together."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 utjs grlear than a lotfalsb \u2013 nedria wdon on neighborhoods while osme wnseetr sbsuurb fo agoCchi aws hail the size of bbelsalas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013", "scrambled": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 utjs grlear than a lotfalsb \u2013 nedria wdon on neighborhoods while osme wnseetr sbsuurb fo agoCchi aws hail the size of bbelsalas.", "original": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 just larger than a softball \u2013 rained down on neighborhoods while some western suburbs of Chicago saw hail the size of baseballs.", "recovered": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013 \u2013"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In linplog rfo The Times, 62% of niailllesmn adis the Tories deserved ot eols the tnex election. lnOy 21% said htey would teov Conservative if an einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a poll for The Times, 62% of niailllesmn said the Tories deserved to win the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro. Scrambled sentence: In linplog rfo The Times, 62% of niailllesmn adis the Tories deserved ot eols the tnex election. lnOy 21% said htey would teov Conservative if an einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro. Scrambled sentence: In linplog rfo The Times, 62% of niailllesmn adis the Tories deserved ot eols the tnex election. lnOy 21% said htey would teov Conservative if an einlotce eewr dhel oo", "scrambled": "In linplog rfo The Times, 62% of niailllesmn adis the Tories deserved ot eols the tnex election. lnOy 21% said htey would teov Conservative if an einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro.", "original": "In polling for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to lose the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow.", "recovered": "In a poll for The Times, 62% of niailllesmn said the Tories deserved to win the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In the OWH\u2019s first estimates fo infertility eleencvpar ni ermo hnat a decade, it was found thta about 17.5% of eth global utlda population lilw nreeeexipc iitetyrilnf. Based no more than 100 isudest tenebwe 1990 nda 2021, the results owhs limited onavitari between gsenroi and nwetebe hhgi, middle nad low-eoimnc terinsuco. \u201cFro ililnmso undora the world, the path ot parenthood acn eb iltdffciu to access, if not esmiboplsi,\u201d said Dr rTesod aAhmnod Ghebreyesus, the OWH icdrtreo general.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In the OWH\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence over a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global under-five population were newly infertile. Based on no more than 100 isudest between 1990 and 2021, the results owhs limited onavitari between genders and between high, middle and low-income terinsuco. \u201cFrom infertile women around the world, the path to parenthood can be iltdffciu to access, if not esmiboplsi,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the OWH director general. Scrambled sentence: In the OWH\u2019s first estimates fo infertility eleencvpar ni ermo hnat a decade, it was found thta about 17.5% of eth global utlda population lilw nreeeexipc iitetyrilnf. Based no more than 100 isudest tenebwe 1990 nda 2021, the results ", "scrambled": "In the OWH\u2019s first estimates fo infertility eleencvpar ni ermo hnat a decade, it was found thta about 17.5% of eth global utlda population lilw nreeeexipc iitetyrilnf. Based no more than 100 isudest tenebwe 1990 nda 2021, the results owhs limited onavitari between gsenroi and nwetebe hhgi, middle nad low-eoimnc terinsuco. \u201cFro ililnmso undora the world, the path ot parenthood acn eb iltdffciu to access, if not esmiboplsi,\u201d said Dr rTesod aAhmnod Ghebreyesus, the OWH icdrtreo general.", "original": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will experience infertility. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and between high, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to parenthood can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general.", "recovered": "In the OWH\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence over a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global under-five population were newly infertile. Based on no more than 100 isudest between 1990 and 2021, the results owhs limited onavitari between genders and between high, middle and low-income terinsuco. \u201cFrom infertile women around the world, the path to parenthood can be iltdffciu to access, if not esmiboplsi,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the OWH director general."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In het akwe fo evalrse recent smas soosgniht, Wagsnthion\u2019s ictaDrceom ovG. Jay Inslee this eekw signed a wseadtiet ban no smto slsea of uslasta-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor Jay Inslee this week signed a bill banning the sale of all semi-automatic assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Scrambled sentence: In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor Jay Inslee this week signed a bill banning the sale of all semi-automatic assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Scrambled sentence: In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor Jay Inslee this week signed a bill banning the sale of all semi-automatic assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Scrambled sentence: In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor Jay Inslee this week signed a bill banning the sale of all semi-automatic assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Scrambled sentence: In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor Jay Inslee this week signed a bill banning the sale of all semi-automatic assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Sc", "scrambled": "In het akwe fo evalrse recent smas soosgniht, Wagsnthion\u2019s ictaDrceom ovG. Jay Inslee this eekw signed a wseadtiet ban no smto slsea of uslasta-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "original": "In the wake of several recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "recovered": "In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor Jay Inslee this week signed a bill banning the sale of all semi-automatic assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Internet sures ni Britain how use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being agtderte with pop-up esvido awnigrn fo the oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkrdu and rowdy ni the Dchut paciatl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being bombarded with pop-up ads warning of the consequences of drunken and rowdy behavior in the Dutch capital. Scrambled sentence: Internet sures ni Britain how use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being agtderte with pop-up esvido awnigrn fo the oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkrdu and rowdy ni the Dchut paciatl. Recovered sentence: Internet sures in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being bombarded with pop-up ads warning of the consequences of drunken and rowdy behavior in the Dutch capital. Scrambled sentence: Internet sures ni Britain how use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being agtderte with pop-up esvido awnigrn fo the oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkr", "scrambled": "Internet sures ni Britain how use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being agtderte with pop-up esvido awnigrn fo the oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkrdu and rowdy ni the Dchut paciatl.", "original": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital.", "recovered": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being bombarded with pop-up ads warning of the consequences of drunken and rowdy behavior in the Dutch capital."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rlndIea lwli be the first country ni the world to mandate sbllea on lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw of the iksrs fo encrca and rilev aesesid and fo drinking in pregnancy, and listing ciareol ttnneco and sgrma fo aollcoh. EU besmemr including cFnaer, Iylta dna Spain ahev asked eth European Commission to investigate twhhree the move would contravene UE wla. iFdn uto roem twih The kWee Unwrapped tdsoacp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "rlndIea lwli be the first country ni the world to mandate sbllea on lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw of the iksrs fo encrca and rilev aesesid and fo drinking in pregnancy, and listing ciareol ttnneco and sgrma fo aollcoh. EU besmemr including cFnaer, Iylta dna Spain ahev asked eth European Commission to investigate twhhree the move would contravene UE wla. iFdn uto roem twih The kWee Unwrapped tdsoacp. Scrambled sentence: rlndIea lwli be the first country ni the world to mandate sbllea on lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw of the ", "scrambled": "rlndIea lwli be the first country ni the world to mandate sbllea on lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw of the iksrs fo encrca and rilev aesesid and fo drinking in pregnancy, and listing ciareol ttnneco and sgrma fo aollcoh. EU besmemr including cFnaer, Iylta dna Spain ahev asked eth European Commission to investigate twhhree the move would contravene UE wla. iFdn uto roem twih The kWee Unwrapped tdsoacp.", "original": "Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate labels on alcoholic drinks warning of the risks of cancer and liver disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and grams of alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "rlndIea lwli be the first country ni the world to mandate sbllea on lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw of the iksrs fo encrca and rilev aesesid and fo drinking in pregnancy, and listing ciareol ttnneco and sgrma fo aollcoh. EU besmemr including cFnaer, Iylta dna Spain ahev asked eth European Commission to investigate twhhree the move would contravene UE wla. iFdn uto roem twih The kWee Unwrapped tdsoacp."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Isabella Tree, who srun hte Knepp estate in tWes Sussex, told The Times that analim spit si the sreect ot ggiwnor elrluf reos bhssue. \u201cIf uyo lolctec some ilaman aalvsi, eenv if it\u2019s pony psti or emhotsgin, nda anoint htta tletil bti tath you tuc ihwt your cuseetasr, the eznmey in the spit, the talnp nac rade it nda ti goes even crraize,\u201d she otld the paper.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Isabella Tree, who srun hte Knepp estate in tWes Sussex, told The Times that analim spit si the sreect ot ggiwnor elrluf reos bhssue. \u201cIf uyo lolctec some ilaman aalvsi, eenv if it\u2019s pony psti or emhotsgin, nda anoint htta tletil bti tath you tuc ihwt your cuseetasr, the eznmey in the spit, the talnp nac rade it nda ti goes even crraize,\u201d she otld the paper. Scrambled sentence: Isabella Tree, who srun hte Knepp estate in tWes Sussex, told The Times that analim spit si the sreect ot ggiwnor elrl", "scrambled": "Isabella Tree, who srun hte Knepp estate in tWes Sussex, told The Times that analim spit si the sreect ot ggiwnor elrluf reos bhssue. \u201cIf uyo lolctec some ilaman aalvsi, eenv if it\u2019s pony psti or emhotsgin, nda anoint htta tletil bti tath you tuc ihwt your cuseetasr, the eznmey in the spit, the talnp nac rade it nda ti goes even crraize,\u201d she otld the paper.", "original": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit is the secret to growing fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or something, and anoint that little bit that you cut with your secateurs, the enzyme in the spit, the plant can read it and it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.", "recovered": "Isabella Tree, who srun hte Knepp estate in tWes Sussex, told The Times that analim spit si the sreect ot ggiwnor elrluf reos bhssue. \u201cIf uyo lolctec some ilaman aalvsi, eenv if it\u2019s pony psti or emhotsgin, nda anoint htta tletil bti tath you tuc ihwt your cuseetasr, the eznmey in the spit, the talnp nac rade it nda ti goes even crraize,\u201d she otld the paper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP irnwen in 2019, si pnoe ot leaving ish longtime oehm iwth hte oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqeertes a datre from the emta this week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP candidate in 2019, is pnoe ot leaving his longtime home with the Oakland Raiders. He requested a date from the embarrassment this week. Scrambled sentence: It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP irnwen in 2019, si pnoe ot leaving ish longtime oehm iwth the oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqeertes a datre from the emta this week. Scrambled sentence: It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP irnwen in 2019, si pnoe ot leaving ish longtime oehm iwth the oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqeertes a datre from the emta this week. Scrambled sentence: It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP irnwen in 2019, si pnoe ot leaving ish longtime", "scrambled": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP irnwen in 2019, si pnoe ot leaving ish longtime oehm iwth hte oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqeertes a datre from the emta this week.", "original": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his longtime home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week.", "recovered": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP candidate in 2019, is pnoe ot leaving his longtime home with the Oakland Raiders. He requested a date from the embarrassment this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the ewn \u20ac5 entrance fee will go sarwodt maintaining eth Pantheon, tbu reeht are eocrncns over teh wne ncgitktei tsyems which hsa dpvreo fciiltduf ot access. Tourists have struggled at other etssi where a efe ash eebn undecodirt, cshu as the lomeussCo, partly because urto eopartosr byu up ekstitc ni bulk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the way the fee has been implemented. Scrambled sentence: Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the ewn \u20ac5 entrance fee will go sarwodt maintaining eth Pantheon, tbu ree Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the way in which the fee has been implemented. Scrambled sentence: Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the way in which the fee has been implemented. Scrambled sentence: Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the way in which the fee has been implemented. Scrambled sentence: Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the way in which the fee has been implemented. Scrambled sentence: Italy\u2019s ministry of", "scrambled": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the ewn \u20ac5 entrance fee will go sarwodt maintaining eth Pantheon, tbu reeht are eocrncns over teh wne ncgitktei tsyems which hsa dpvreo fciiltduf ot access. Tourists have struggled at other etssi where a efe ash eebn undecodirt, cshu as the lomeussCo, partly because urto eopartosr byu up ekstitc ni bulk.", "original": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, partly because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk.", "recovered": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the way the fee has been implemented."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tI\u2019s deiestmat ahtt there were emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli only 500,000 Black niiuvidslad lived sa efre persons during that tmei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "It\u2019s deiestmat ahtt there were emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli only 500,000 Black niiuvidslad lived sa efre persons during that tmei. Scrambled sentence: tI\u2019s deiestmat ahtt there were emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli only 500,000 Black niiuvidslad lived sa efre persons during that tmei. Scrambled sentence: tI\u2019s deiestmat ahtt there were emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli only 500,000 Black niiuvidslad lived sa efre persons during that tmei. Scram", "scrambled": "tI\u2019s deiestmat ahtt there were emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli only 500,000 Black niiuvidslad lived sa efre persons during that tmei.", "original": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time.", "recovered": "It\u2019s deiestmat ahtt there were emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli only 500,000 Black niiuvidslad lived sa efre persons during that tmei."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jacksonville, diroFal, adh eth tmos ongteotrf items, including phones, wallets, syke, jewelry nad headphones, nodcrcgia to erbU\u2019s orrpet. San Antonio, Texas, dan mPal Springs, ialCnoifar, took the second dna trhid spots, ecrievpelsyt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Florida, topped the list of cities with the most lost and found items, according to a new study by the app ErbU. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively, according to the app\u2019s data. Scrambled sentence: Jacksonville, diroFal, adh eth tmos ongteotrf items, including phones, wallets, syke, syke, jewelry nad headphones, nodcrcgia to erbU\u2019s orrpet. San Antonio, Texas, dan mPal Springs, ialCnoifar, took the second dna trhid spots, ecrievpelsyt. Recovered sentence: Jacksonville, Florida, topped the list of cities with the most lost and found items, according to a new study by the app ErbU. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively, according to the app\u2019s data. Scrambled sentence: Jacksonville, diroFal, adh eth tmos", "scrambled": "Jacksonville, diroFal, adh eth tmos ongteotrf items, including phones, wallets, syke, jewelry nad headphones, nodcrcgia to erbU\u2019s orrpet. San Antonio, Texas, dan mPal Springs, ialCnoifar, took the second dna trhid spots, ecrievpelsyt.", "original": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most forgotten items, including phones, wallets, keys, jewelry and headphones, according to Uber\u2019s report. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.", "recovered": "Florida, topped the list of cities with the most lost and found items, according to a new study by the app ErbU. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively, according to the app\u2019s data."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Japan illw snoo begin releasing ctiavreodai trawe from het Fukushima nuclear atnlp into eth aenco as aepcs runs tou ot contain the ecandtmnatio lmiertaa. Japan\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias the eterdat ewtra will be highly diluted nda safely deraelse owslyl over easecdd. But esmo tsxrepe and residents are ndcreoecn ttha diluting hte water gtimh otn eb enough ot reduce its impact no marine ilef and local communities.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Japan will soon begin releasing contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as it runs out of time to contain the contamination. Japan\u2019s top government official says the radioactive waste water will be highly diluted and safely discharged over time. But some experts and residents are skeptical that diluting the water will be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities. Scrambled sentence: Japan illw snoo begin ctiavreodai trawe from het Fukushima nuclear atnlp into eth aenco as aepcs runs tou ot contain the ecandtmnatio lmiertaa. Japan\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias the eterdat ewtra will be highly diluted nda safely deraelse owslyl over easecdd. But esmo tnnrvomeeg dias the eterdat ewtra will be highly diluted nda safely deraelse ", "scrambled": "Japan illw snoo begin releasing ctiavreodai trawe from het Fukushima nuclear atnlp into eth aenco as aepcs runs tou ot contain the ecandtmnatio lmiertaa. Japan\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias the eterdat ewtra will be highly diluted nda safely deraelse owslyl over easecdd. But esmo tsxrepe and residents are ndcreoecn ttha diluting hte water gtimh otn eb enough ot reduce its impact no marine ilef and local communities.", "original": "Japan will soon begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out to contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s government said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water might not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.", "recovered": "Japan will soon begin releasing contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as it runs out of time to contain the contamination. Japan\u2019s top government official says the radioactive waste water will be highly diluted and safely discharged over time. But some experts and residents are skeptical that diluting the water will be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: John Adams redesv sa the first vice teidpsenr fo the SU nuerd George Washington dan eltra drseev neo remt as hte second president of hte US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US. George Washington then succeeded him as the second president of the US. Scrambled sentence: John Adams redesv sa the first vice teidpsenr fo the SU nuerd George Washington dan eltra drseev neo remt as hte second president of hte US. Recovered sentence: John Adams served as the first vice president of the US. George Washington then succeeded him as the second president of the US. Scrambled sentence: John Adams redesv sa the first vice teidpsenr fo the SU nuerd George Washington dan eltra drseev neo remt as hte second president of hte US. Recovered sentence: John Adams served as the first vice president of the US. George Washington then succeeded him as the second president of the US. Scrambled sentence: John Adams redesv sa the first vice teidpsenr fo the SU nuerd", "scrambled": "John Adams redesv sa the first vice teidpsenr fo the SU nuerd George Washington dan eltra drseev neo remt as hte second president of hte US.", "original": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US.", "recovered": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US. George Washington then succeeded him as the second president of the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jon Rahm won eth 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at ustaAgu National loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket dan snoced eecrar ajorm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at ustaAgu National loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket dan snoced eecrar ajorm. Scrambled sentence: Jon Rahm won eth 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at ustaAgu National loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket dan snoced eecrar ajorm. Recovered sentence: Jon Rahm won the 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at ustaAgu National loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket dan snoced eecrar ajorm. Scrambled sentence: Jon Rahm won eth 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at ustaAgu National loGf uCbl, nghcnciil ", "scrambled": "Jon Rahm won eth 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at ustaAgu National loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket dan snoced eecrar ajorm.", "original": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first green jacket and second career major.", "recovered": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at ustaAgu National loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket dan snoced eecrar ajorm."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hnaJaton Jacob irjeeM si facing a lawsuit brought by the detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot on lhefab fo 25 families who aimlc he aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc incest adn inbreeding yb defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jacob JacobirjeeM is facing a lawsuit brought by the detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot on lhefab fo 25 families who aimlc he aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc incest adn inbreeding yb defying guidelines limiting sperm donations. Scrambled sentence: hnaJaton Jacob irjeeM si facing a lawsuit brought by the detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot on lhefab fo 25 families who aimlc he aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc incest adn inbreeding yb defying guidelines limiting sperm donations. Scrambled sentence: hnaJaton Jacob irjeeM si facing a lawsuit brought by the detrehNnla\u2019s", "scrambled": "hnaJaton Jacob irjeeM si facing a lawsuit brought by the detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot on lhefab fo 25 families who aimlc he aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc incest adn inbreeding yb defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "original": "Jonathan Jacob Meijer is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind Foundation on behalf of 25 families who claim he may have increased the risk of accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "recovered": "Jacob JacobirjeeM is facing a lawsuit brought by the detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot on lhefab fo 25 families who aimlc he aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc incest adn inbreeding yb defying guidelines limiting sperm donations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iceJu is eud to dpnes at salet eehrt sreya irnxgepol Jupiter and three fo its nmoso. \u201cPerhaps het tsmo exciting information\u201d that hte mission liwl provide eesaltr to eth \u201cunderground oceans fo liquid water\u201d no ehtse oonsm \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201codcul utpoprs ifle\u201d, sdai Mike Sori, stiaatsns professor fo atlyernpa science ta Purdue eiitsvUnyr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "iceJu is eud to dpnes at salet eehrt sreya irnxgepol Jupiter and three fo its nmoso. \u201cPerhaps het tsmo exciting information\u201d that hte mission liwl provide eesaltr to eth \u201cunderground oceans fo liquid water\u201d no ehtse oonsm \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201codcul utpoprs ifle\u201d, sdai Mike Sori, stiaatsns professor fo atlyernpa science ta Purdue eiitsvUnyr. Scrambled sentence: iceJu is eud to dpnes at salet eehrt sreya irnxgepol Jupiter and three fo its nmoso. \u201cPerhaps het tsmo exciting information\u201d that hte mission liwl provide eesaltr to e", "scrambled": "iceJu is eud to dpnes at salet eehrt sreya irnxgepol Jupiter and three fo its nmoso. \u201cPerhaps het tsmo exciting information\u201d that hte mission liwl provide eesaltr to eth \u201cunderground oceans fo liquid water\u201d no ehtse oonsm \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201codcul utpoprs ifle\u201d, sdai Mike Sori, stiaatsns professor fo atlyernpa science ta Purdue eiitsvUnyr.", "original": "Juice is due to spend at least three years exploring Jupiter and three of its moons. \u201cPerhaps the most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide relates to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d on these moons \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201ccould support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor of planetary science at Purdue University.", "recovered": "iceJu is eud to dpnes at salet eehrt sreya irnxgepol Jupiter and three fo its nmoso. \u201cPerhaps het tsmo exciting information\u201d that hte mission liwl provide eesaltr to eth \u201cunderground oceans fo liquid water\u201d no ehtse oonsm \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201codcul utpoprs ifle\u201d, sdai Mike Sori, stiaatsns professor fo atlyernpa science ta Purdue eiitsvUnyr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jteehentnu is olsa referred ot sa eedomFr Day, aglon with atnnaimoipcE yDa and Jubilee Day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Jteehentnu is also referred to as a freedom Day, along with Jubilee Day, along with Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day, Jubilee Day", "scrambled": "Jteehentnu is olsa referred ot sa eedomFr Day, aglon with atnnaimoipcE yDa and Jubilee Day.", "original": "Juneteenth is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jubilee Day.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ingK George III si widely remembered rfo owt things: lgonis the American colonies dna ngiog mad \u2013 although eht former may eb a tbi unfair, sa eh idd not develop the policies iwhhc edl ot eth colonists\u2019 war with lEngdan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: leading the American colonies and getting mad \u2013 although the former may be a tad unfair, he did not develop the policies which edl ot the colonists\u2019 war with England. Scrambled sentence: ingK George III si widely remembered rfo owt things: lgonis the American colonies dna ngiog mad \u2013 although eht former may eb a tbi unfair, sa eh idd not develop the policies iwhhc edl ot eth colonists\u2019 war with lEngdan. Recovered sentence: King George III is widely remembered for two things: leading the American colonies and getting mad \u2013 although the former may be a tad unfair, he did not develop the policies which edl ot the colonists\u2019 war with England. Scrambled sentence: ingK George III si widely remembered rfo owt things: lgonis the American colonies dna ngiog", "scrambled": "ingK George III si widely remembered rfo owt things: lgonis the American colonies dna ngiog mad \u2013 although eht former may eb a tbi unfair, sa eh idd not develop the policies iwhhc edl ot eth colonists\u2019 war with lEngdan.", "original": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, as he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England.", "recovered": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: leading the American colonies and getting mad \u2013 although the former may be a tad unfair, he did not develop the policies which edl ot the colonists\u2019 war with England."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: baL testing rof a rydopew nbsseactu donuf ta eth eWhti eHosu no nSduay caem ckab positive for acncioe, a skeoaspnm fro the Secret Service said. The betnussac wsa found near the entrance to het West Wing, a location where staff-led ruost of het White House sspa htguhor on their way toni eth lbudiing.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "a reusable shopping bag found in the West Wing of the White House by the Secret Service on Saturday tested positive for cocaine, a spokesperson for the Secret Service said. The betnussac was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led ruost of the White House sspa htguhor on their way to a budgeting. Scrambled sentence: baL testing rof a rydopew nbsseactu donuf ta eth eWhti eHosu no nSduay caem ckab positive for acncioe, a skeoaspnm fro the Secret Service said. The betnussac wsa found near the entrance to het West Wing, a loacation where staff-led ruost of het White House sspa htguhor on their way toni eth lbudiing. Scrambled sentence: baL testing rof ", "scrambled": "baL testing rof a rydopew nbsseactu donuf ta eth eWhti eHosu no nSduay caem ckab positive for acncioe, a skeoaspnm fro the Secret Service said. The betnussac wsa found near the entrance to het West Wing, a location where staff-led ruost of het White House sspa htguhor on their way toni eth lbudiing.", "original": "Lab testing for a powdery substance found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a spokesman for the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building.", "recovered": "a reusable shopping bag found in the West Wing of the White House by the Secret Service on Saturday tested positive for cocaine, a spokesperson for the Secret Service said. The betnussac was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led ruost of the White House sspa htguhor on their way to a budgeting."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad nzgroeeic the American labor etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno actually the last day fo smurme, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial ned\u201d sa ti marks het nde fo the cultural summer season \u2014 and het ned of this ziqu!.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad nzgroeeic the American labor etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno actually the last day fo smurme, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial ned\u201d sa ti marks het nde fo the cultural summer season \u2014 and het nde of this ziqu!. Scrambled sentence: braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad nzgroeeic the American labor etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno actually the last day fo smurme, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial ned\u201d sa ti marks het nde fo the cultural summer season \u2014 and het nde of this ziqu!. Scrambled sentence: braLo ayD", "scrambled": "braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad nzgroeeic the American labor etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno actually the last day fo smurme, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial ned\u201d sa ti marks het nde fo the cultural summer season \u2014 and het ned of this ziqu!.", "original": "Labor Day is a day to honor and recognize the American labor movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!.", "recovered": "braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad nzgroeeic the American labor etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno actually the last day fo smurme, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial ned\u201d sa ti marks het nde fo the cultural summer season \u2014 and het nde of this ziqu!."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: asL Vegas ecplio veah reopened rhiet evianiginttso iont teh durmre of Tupac Shakur. hTe aprrep was shot in September 1996, daeg just 25, in hwta has eocbem eno fo America\u2019s most notorious unsolved rdmrue cases. Police adiedr a esohu ni Henderson, 15 slmie sttehsauo fo the city, zisneig computers, hard virdes nad spceriut, according to CAB News.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Las Vegas police have reportedly reopened the investigation into the death of Tupac Shakur. The artist was shot in September 1996, when he was just 25, in a case that has remained one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police allegedly raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles south of the city, stealing computers, hard drives and surveillance, according to CAB News. Scrambled sentence: asL Vegas ecplio veah reopened rhiet evianiginttso iont teh durmre of Tupac Shakur. hTe aprrep was shot in September 1996, daeg just 25, in hwta has eocbem eno fo America\u2019s most notorious unsolved rdmrue cases. Police adiedr a esohu ni Henderson, 15 slmie sttehsauo fo the city, zisneig computers, hard virdes nad spceriut,", "scrambled": "asL Vegas ecplio veah reopened rhiet evianiginttso iont teh durmre of Tupac Shakur. hTe aprrep was shot in September 1996, daeg just 25, in hwta has eocbem eno fo America\u2019s most notorious unsolved rdmrue cases. Police adiedr a esohu ni Henderson, 15 slmie sttehsauo fo the city, zisneig computers, hard virdes nad spceriut, according to CAB News.", "original": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and pictures, according to ABC News.", "recovered": "Las Vegas police have reportedly reopened the investigation into the death of Tupac Shakur. The artist was shot in September 1996, when he was just 25, in a case that has remained one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police allegedly raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles south of the city, stealing computers, hard drives and surveillance, according to CAB News."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: testLa research yb Whcih? fudno that Aldi ahs remained eth cheapest seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na average basket fo goods osngcti \u00a368.60 last tomhn. Lidl asw stju behind ta \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most xepeinesv, at \u00a386.91.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "yb Whcih? fudno that Aldi has remained eth cheapest seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na average basket fo goods osngcti \u00a368.60 last tomhn. Lidl asw stju behind ta \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most xepeinesv, at \u00a386.91. Scrambled sentence: testLa research yb Whcih? fudno that Aldi ahs remained eth cheapest seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na average basket fo goods osngcti \u00a368.60 last tomhn. Lidl asw stju behind ta \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most xepeinesv, at \u00a386.91. Recovered sentence: testLa research yb Whcih? fudno that Aldi has remained eth ", "scrambled": "testLa research yb Whcih? fudno that Aldi ahs remained eth cheapest seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na average basket fo goods osngcti \u00a368.60 last tomhn. Lidl asw stju behind ta \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most xepeinesv, at \u00a386.91.", "original": "Latest research by Which? found that Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since May 2022, with an average basket of goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "recovered": "yb Whcih? fudno that Aldi has remained eth cheapest seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na average basket fo goods osngcti \u00a368.60 last tomhn. Lidl asw stju behind ta \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most xepeinesv, at \u00a386.91."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Leto dssreed pu as Legerfeld\u2019s famed tca uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr no Mandyo, which was ehtdme on teh late soniafh sgeinerd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Leto donned Legerfeld\u2019s famed t-shirt design for the movie in New York no Mand Leto Leto donned Legerfeld\u2019s famed t-shirt design for the movie in New York no Mansear\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Leto dssreed pu as Legerfeld\u2019s famed tca uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr no Mandyo, which was ehtdme on teh late soniafh sgeinerd.", "original": "Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat Choupette for the gala in New York on Monday, which was themed on the late fashion designer.", "recovered": "Leto donned Legerfeld\u2019s famed t-shirt design for the movie in New York no Mand Leto Leto donned Legerfeld\u2019s famed t-shirt design for the movie in New York no Mansear\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Liz Truss\u2019s brefi reign reportedly cost ptryeasxa nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snotmopceian sentyapm ot sacked irisemtsn, dvaseisr and officials. laffOiic adat hssow that caieslp advisers were ipda a total of \u00a32.9 million ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw their sebsso weer vieng the boot. uTsrs herself evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec pay, ftaer reh iimn-budget sdkapre chaos in eth financial markets.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snotmopceian sacking payments to sacked advisers, dvaseisr and officials. laffOiic adat hssow that caieslp advisers were ipda a total of \u00a32.9 million ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw their sebsso weer vieng the boot. uTsrs herself evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec pay, after reh iimn-budget sdkapre chaos in the financial markets. Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snotmopceian sacking payments to sacked advisers, dvaseisr and officials. Scrambled sentence: Liz Truss\u2019s brefi reign reportedly cost ptryeasxa nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snot", "scrambled": "Liz Truss\u2019s brefi reign reportedly cost ptryeasxa nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snotmopceian sentyapm ot sacked irisemtsn, dvaseisr and officials. laffOiic adat hssow that caieslp advisers were ipda a total of \u00a32.9 million ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw their sebsso weer vieng the boot. uTsrs herself evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec pay, ftaer reh iimn-budget sdkapre chaos in eth financial markets.", "original": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. Official data shows that special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance awards when their bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severance pay, after her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.", "recovered": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snotmopceian sacking payments to sacked advisers, dvaseisr and officials. laffOiic adat hssow that caieslp advisers were ipda a total of \u00a32.9 million ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw their sebsso weer vieng the boot. uTsrs herself evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec pay, after reh iimn-budget sdkapre chaos in the financial markets. Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snotmopceian sacking payments to sacked advisers, dvaseisr and officials."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: London-saedb Rainssu investigations gpuro the Dossier Center offered a rare egmspli tnoi the vapitre life of mlViirad Punti, obtaining ptosho of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, peiqepdu thwi what appear ot eb \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. Other features cdeilun a fully deepqpui rTkisuh abht steam romo nda a massage urlprao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "London-based Rainssu investigations group at the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the vampiric life of mlViirad Punti, obtaining possession of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, containing what appear to be \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. Other features include a fully deepqpui rTkisuh abut steam from a massage urlprao. Scrambled sentence: London-saedb Rainssu investigations gpuro the Dossier Center offered a rare egmspli tnoi the vapitre life of mlViirad Punti, obtaining ptosho of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, peiqepdu thwi what appear ot eb \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. Other features cdeilun a fully deepqpui rTkisuh abht steam romo nda a massage url", "scrambled": "London-saedb Rainssu investigations gpuro the Dossier Center offered a rare egmspli tnoi the vapitre life of mlViirad Punti, obtaining ptosho of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, peiqepdu thwi what appear ot eb \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. Other features cdeilun a fully deepqpui rTkisuh abht steam romo nda a massage urlprao.", "original": "London-based Russian investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the private life of Vladimir Putin, obtaining photos of his lavish 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-ageing machines\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.", "recovered": "London-based Rainssu investigations group at the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the vampiric life of mlViirad Punti, obtaining possession of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, containing what appear to be \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. Other features include a fully deepqpui rTkisuh abut steam from a massage urlprao."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Luton noTw\u2019s win means teh team llwi return to the top vsoiidni for teh rstfi time icnse 1992, a snaoes eorefb eth Premier uLeega was cratdee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Luton noTw\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was cratdee. Scrambled sentence: Luton noTw\u2019s win means teh team llwi return to the top vsoiiidni for teh rstfi time icnse 1992, a snaoes eorefb eth Premier uLeega was cratdee. Scrambled sentence: Luton noTw\u2019s win means teh team llwi return to the top vsoiiidni for teh rstfi time icnse 1992, a snaoes eorefb eth Premier uLeega was cratdee. Scrambled sentence: Luton noTw\u2019s win means teh team llwi return to the top vsoiiidni for", "scrambled": "Luton noTw\u2019s win means teh team llwi return to the top vsoiidni for teh rstfi time icnse 1992, a snaoes eorefb eth Premier uLeega was cratdee.", "original": "Luton Town\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was created.", "recovered": "Luton noTw\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was cratdee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Maker Hasbro is glhcreniuna the itorcob ffulyf toy orf the 25ht yvsnrenaiar of sit original release, but hiwt neo tiotampnr gsined change \u2013 the ewn dmloe has na ffo schwit. The ialiogrn yuFsbr could not be hstu down dan were ronep to \u201caewk up\u201d and start cghtiatn ni the night.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Maker Hasbro is re-releasing the iconic toy for the 25th year of its original release, but with a new tampered design \u2013 the new design has no schwit. The ialiogrn yuFsbr could not be hstu down dan were ronep to \u201caewk up\u201d and start cghtiatn ni the night. Scrambled sentence: Maker Hasbro is glhcreniuna the itorcob ffulyf toy orf the 25ht yvsnrenaiar of sit original release, but hiwt neo tiotampnr gsined change \u2013 the ewn dmloe has na ffo schwit. The ialiogrn yuFsbr could not be hstu down dan were ronep to \u201caewk up\u201d and start cghtiatn ni the night. Scrambled sentence", "scrambled": "Maker Hasbro is glhcreniuna the itorcob ffulyf toy orf the 25ht yvsnrenaiar of sit original release, but hiwt neo tiotampnr gsined change \u2013 the ewn dmloe has na ffo schwit. The ialiogrn yuFsbr could not be hstu down dan were ronep to \u201caewk up\u201d and start cghtiatn ni the night.", "original": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the robotic fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Furbys could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting in the night.", "recovered": "Maker Hasbro is re-releasing the iconic toy for the 25th year of its original release, but with a new tampered design \u2013 the new design has no schwit. The ialiogrn yuFsbr could not be hstu down dan were ronep to \u201caewk up\u201d and start cghtiatn ni the night."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ynaM uMssilm will fast from uusnp to sundown eyver ayd for an etiner omtnh. This reya, namRdaa runs from raMhc 22 ot April 21.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "During Ramadan, Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21. Scrambled sentence: ynaM uMssilm will fast from uusnp to sundown eyver ayd for an etiner omtnh. This reya, namRdaa runs from raMhc 22 ot April 21. Scrambled sentence: ynaM uMssilm will fast from uusnp to sundown eyver ayd for an eydiner omtnh. This reya, namRdaa runs from raMhc 22 ot April 21. Scrambled sentence: ynaM uMssilm will fast from uusnp to sundown eyver ayd for an eydiner omtnh. This reya, namRdaa runs", "scrambled": "ynaM uMssilm will fast from uusnp to sundown eyver ayd for an etiner omtnh. This reya, namRdaa runs from raMhc 22 ot April 21.", "original": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21.", "recovered": "During Ramadan, Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Many microorganisms nac setgid ipatscl ta temperatures evaob 30C, but eth discovery yb researchers ta eth swisS rledFea Institute pseva the ayw for a much more energy-iefcnfeti method of crygcelni.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Many microorganisms nac setgid ipatscl ta temperatures evaob 30C, but the discovery yb researchers ta the swisS rledFea Institute pseva the ayw for a much more energy-iefcnfeti method of crygcelni. Scrambled sentence: Many microorganisms nac setgid ipatscl ta temperatures evaob 30C, but eth discovery yb researchers ta eth swisS rledFea Institute pseva the ayw for a much more energy-iefcnfeti method of crygcelni. Recovered sentence: Many microorganisms nac setgid ipatscl ta temperatures evaob 30C, but the discovery yb researchers ta the swisS rledFea Institute pseva the ayw for a much more energy-iefcnfeti method of cry", "scrambled": "Many microorganisms nac setgid ipatscl ta temperatures evaob 30C, but eth discovery yb researchers ta eth swisS rledFea Institute pseva the ayw for a much more energy-iefcnfeti method of crygcelni.", "original": "Many microorganisms can digest plastic at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.", "recovered": "Many microorganisms nac setgid ipatscl ta temperatures evaob 30C, but the discovery yb researchers ta the swisS rledFea Institute pseva the ayw for a much more energy-iefcnfeti method of crygcelni."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ynMa people oundar the world reow lerppu on esWdanyde ni nohro of World Luspu Day, a global annual neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting eorm than 5 lmlinio people ni the SU alone.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ynMa people oundar the world reow lerppu on esWdanyde ni nohro of World Luspu Day, a global annual neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting eorm than 5 lmlinio people ni the SU alone. Scrambled sentence: ynMa people oundar the world reow lerppu on esWdanyde ni nohro of World Luspu Day, a global annual neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting eorm than 5 lmlinio people ni the SU alone. Scrambled sentence: ynMa people oundar the world reow lerppu on esWdanyde ni nohro of World Luspu Day, a global annual neetv ", "scrambled": "ynMa people oundar the world reow lerppu on esWdanyde ni nohro of World Luspu Day, a global annual neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting eorm than 5 lmlinio people ni the SU alone.", "original": "Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Lupus Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "recovered": "ynMa people oundar the world reow lerppu on esWdanyde ni nohro of World Luspu Day, a global annual neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting eorm than 5 lmlinio people ni the SU alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: March dssaMne si upon us.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is upon us. Scrambled sentence: March is", "scrambled": "March dssaMne si upon us.", "original": "March Madness is upon us.", "recovered": "March is upon us."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mark tuRet, the longest-serving hucDt iprem eirmitsn in history, lwli dasnt down after 13 esyar in power. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl Mark\u201d for shi biyitla ot withstand political ecriss, utetR unexpectedly announced he would aveel ocsltpii tearf the autumn general election. In the 27-noinat UE, yonl nHgaruy\u2019s tkriVo Oarbn sha bene in rchgea orf longer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mark tuRet, the longest-serving hucDt iprem eirmitsn in history, lwli dasnt down after 13 esyar in power. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl Mark\u201d for shi biyitla ot withstand political ecriss, utetR unexpectedly announced he would aveel ocsltpii tearf the autumn general election. In the 27-noinat UE, yonl nHgaruy\u2019s tkriVo Oarbn sha bene in rchgea orf longer. Scrambled sentence: Mark tuRet, the longest-serving hucDt iprem eirmitsn in history, lwli dasnt down after 13 esyar in power. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl Mark\u201d for shi biyitla ot withstand political ecriss", "scrambled": "Mark tuRet, the longest-serving hucDt iprem eirmitsn in history, lwli dasnt down after 13 esyar in power. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl Mark\u201d for shi biyitla ot withstand political ecriss, utetR unexpectedly announced he would aveel ocsltpii tearf the autumn general election. In the 27-noinat UE, yonl nHgaruy\u2019s tkriVo Oarbn sha bene in rchgea orf longer.", "original": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch prime minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. Nicknamed \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for his ability to withstand political crises, Rutte unexpectedly announced he would leave politics after the autumn general election. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orban has been in charge for longer.", "recovered": "Mark tuRet, the longest-serving hucDt iprem eirmitsn in history, lwli dasnt down after 13 esyar in power. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl Mark\u201d for shi biyitla ot withstand political ecriss, utetR unexpectedly announced he would aveel ocsltpii tearf the autumn general election. In the 27-noinat UE, yonl nHgaruy\u2019s tkriVo Oarbn sha bene in rchgea orf longer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now eb blae ot share pu ot five snilk in their iorelpf \u201cbio\u201d. sPyuvoiler, yonl one inkl ot external websites swa allowed. Find out more itwh The keWe Unwrapped aotdscp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now be able to share up to five snilk in their iorelpf \u201cbio\u201d. sPyuvoiler, yonl one inkl ot external websites swa allowed. Find out more itwh The keWe Unwrapped ao Scram Mark Zuckerberg announced that he will now be able to share up to five scrambled sentences in their bio. Scramble sentence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now be able to share up to five sentences in their bio. Scramble sentence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now be able to share up to five sentences in their bio. Scramble sentence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now be able to share up to five sentences in their bio. Scramble sentence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that rag", "scrambled": "arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now eb blae ot share pu ot five snilk in their iorelpf \u201cbio\u201d. sPyuvoiler, yonl one inkl ot external websites swa allowed. Find out more itwh The keWe Unwrapped aotdscp.", "original": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now be able to share up to five snilk in their iorelpf \u201cbio\u201d. sPyuvoiler, yonl one inkl ot external websites swa allowed. Find out more itwh The keWe Unwrapped ao Scram Mark Zuckerberg announced that he will now be able to share up to five scrambled sentences in their bio. Scramble sentence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now be able to share up to five sentences in their bio. Scramble sentence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now be able to share up to five sentences in their bio. Scramble sentence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now be able to share up to five sentences in their bio. Scramble sentence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that rag"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnealr\u00e8 Schiappa, minister rfo the sliaoc economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality dan LGBTQ+ srgith ot het ncFreh-agenulag edition of blaoyPy emzianga. She appeared on the oecrv wearing a white sedrs. But teh orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e Borne, as \u201cnot ta all appropriate, lepasylice ni the current period\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mnealr\u00e8 Schiappa, minister rfo the sliaoc economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality dan LGBTQ+ srgith ot het ncFreh-agenulag edition of blaoyPy emzianga. She appeared on the oecrv wearing a white sedrs. But teh orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e Borne, as \u201cnot ta all appropriate, lepasylice ni the current period\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Mnealr\u00e8 Schiappa, minister rfo the sliaoc economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality dan LGBTQ+ srgith ot het n", "scrambled": "Mnealr\u00e8 Schiappa, minister rfo the sliaoc economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality dan LGBTQ+ srgith ot het ncFreh-agenulag edition of blaoyPy emzianga. She appeared on the oecrv wearing a white sedrs. But teh orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e Borne, as \u201cnot ta all appropriate, lepasylice ni the current period\u201d.", "original": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister for the social economy and associations, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the cover was described by the French prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, especially in the current period\u201d.", "recovered": "Mnealr\u00e8 Schiappa, minister rfo the sliaoc economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality dan LGBTQ+ srgith ot het ncFreh-agenulag edition of blaoyPy emzianga. She appeared on the oecrv wearing a white sedrs. But teh orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e Borne, as \u201cnot ta all appropriate, lepasylice ni the current period\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: arsM has pasdpew tsi wrapping from spctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp of a rediv to make tis products mroe environmentally irednyfl. The paper-radpwpe rasb ehva gone no elsa at 500 Tesco stores, dan if the trial goes llew, the wrappers lwli be ledlor out to lla aiertsrle nda ot other sraM treats, cshu as Snickers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "arsM has passedpew tsi wrapping from spcctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp of a rediv to make tis products mroe environmentally irednyfl. The paper-radpwpe rasb ehva gone no elsa at 500 Tesco stores, dan if the trial goes llew, the wrappers lwli be ledlor out to lla aiertsrle nda ot other sraM treats, cshu as Snickers. Scrambled sentence: arsM has pasdpew tsi wrapping from spcctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp of a", "scrambled": "arsM has pasdpew tsi wrapping from spctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp of a rediv to make tis products mroe environmentally irednyfl. The paper-radpwpe rasb ehva gone no elsa at 500 Tesco stores, dan if the trial goes llew, the wrappers lwli be ledlor out to lla aiertsrle nda ot other sraM treats, cshu as Snickers.", "original": "Mars has swapped its wrapping from plastic to recyclable paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars treats, such as Snickers.", "recovered": "arsM has passedpew tsi wrapping from spcctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp of a rediv to make tis products mroe environmentally irednyfl. The paper-radpwpe rasb ehva gone no elsa at 500 Tesco stores, dan if the trial goes llew, the wrappers lwli be ledlor out to lla aiertsrle nda ot other sraM treats, cshu as Snickers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Max arPk tes the new rrcedo rof the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s ueCb time ta a ptconeoimit in Long Beach in his native iCainroalf. The 21-eyra-odl, woh asw diagnosed whit ratmoeed to servee smatui sa a child, beat the 3.47-second rordec set yb naiCh\u2019s Yusheng Du ni 2018.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Max arPk tes the new rrcedo rof the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s ueCb time ta a ptconeoimit in Long Beach in his native iCainroalf. The 21-eyra-odl, woh asw diagnosed whit ratmoeed to servee smatui sa a child, beat the 3.47-second rordec set yb naiCh\u2019s Yusheng Du ni 2018. Scrambled sentence: Max arPk tes the new rrcedo rof the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s ueCb time ta a ptconeoimit in Long Beach in his native iCainroalf. The 21-eyra-odl, woh asw diagnosed whit ratmoeed to servee smatui sa a child, beat the 3.47-second rorde", "scrambled": "Max arPk tes the new rrcedo rof the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s ueCb time ta a ptconeoimit in Long Beach in his native iCainroalf. The 21-eyra-odl, woh asw diagnosed whit ratmoeed to servee smatui sa a child, beat the 3.47-second rordec set yb naiCh\u2019s Yusheng Du ni 2018.", "original": "Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach in his native California. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.", "recovered": "Max arPk tes the new rrcedo rof the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s ueCb time ta a ptconeoimit in Long Beach in his native iCainroalf. The 21-eyra-odl, woh asw diagnosed whit ratmoeed to servee smatui sa a child, beat the 3.47-second rordec set yb naiCh\u2019s Yusheng Du ni 2018."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: May si National BBQ Month. uyJl si National rlrBebuye nMtoh, National eIc amreC Month adn National oatnerWmel Month.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "May is National BBQ Month. May is also National BBQ Month. May is also National eIc amreC Month and National watermelon Month. Scrambled sentence: May is National BBQ Month. uyJl si National rlrBebuye nMtoh, National eIc amreC Month and National oatnerWmel Month. Scrambled sentence: May is National BBQ Month. uyJl si National rlrBebuye nMtoh, National eIc amreC Month and National oatnerWmel Month. Scrambled sentence: May is National BBQ Month. uyJl si National rlrBebuye nMtoh, National eIc amreC Month and National oatnerWmel Month. Scrambled sentence: May is National BBQ Month. uyJl si National rlrBebuye nMtoh, National eIc amreC Month and National oatnerWmel Month. Scrambled sentence: May is National BBQ Month. uyJl si National", "scrambled": "May si National BBQ Month. uyJl si National rlrBebuye nMtoh, National eIc amreC Month adn National oatnerWmel Month.", "original": "May is National BBQ Month. July is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month.", "recovered": "May is National BBQ Month. May is also National BBQ Month. May is also National eIc amreC Month and National watermelon Month."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: doDaMlcn\u2019s, whcih has nbee focusing no upgrading its ecor items ot boost essla, si nirlglo out a reisse fo changes ot improve its classic burgers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its decor items to boost sales, has rolled out a review of its classic burgers. Scrambled sentence: doDaMlcn\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its decor items to boost sales, is putting out a request for changes to improve its classic burgers. Scrambled sentence: doDaMlcn\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its decor items to boost sales, is putting out a request for changes to improve its classic burgers. Scrambled sentence: doDaMlcn\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its decor items to boost sales, is putting out a request for changes to improve its classic burgers. Scrambled sentence: doDaMlcn\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its decor items to boost sales, is putting out a request for changes to improve its classic burgers. Scrambled sentence: doDaMlcn\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its decor items to boost sales, is putting out ", "scrambled": "doDaMlcn\u2019s, whcih has nbee focusing no upgrading its ecor items ot boost essla, si nirlglo out a reisse fo changes ot improve its classic burgers.", "original": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classic burgers.", "recovered": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its decor items to boost sales, has rolled out a review of its classic burgers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aMet ulnedhca an ppa elaldc aTershd ttha si intended ot ffreo a cpaes for real-time conversations nonile \u2014 a function that has lgon been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "aMet is a unified messaging app intended for a group of friends or colleagues, and is intended to be a means for real-time conversations nonile \u2014 a function that has lgon been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point. Scrambled sentence: aMet is a unified messaging app intended for a group of friends or colleagues, and is intended to be a means for real-time conversations nonile \u2014 a function that has lgon been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point. Scrambled sentence: aMet is a unified messaging app intended for a group of friends or colleagues, and is intended to be a means for real-time conversations nonile \u2014 a function that has lgon been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point. Scrambled sentence: aMet is a unified messaging app intended for a group of friends or colleagues, and is intended to be a means for real-time conversations nonile \u2014 a function that has lgon been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point. Sc", "scrambled": "aMet ulnedhca an ppa elaldc aTershd ttha si intended ot ffreo a cpaes for real-time conversations nonile \u2014 a function that has lgon been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point.", "original": "Meta launched an app called Threads that is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.", "recovered": "aMet is a unified messaging app intended for a group of friends or colleagues, and is intended to be a means for real-time conversations nonile \u2014 a function that has lgon been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sldo fro a record $2.2 lonilmi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA championship sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Scrambled sentence: Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sldo fro a record $2.2 lonilmi. Recovered sentence: Michael Jordan\u2019s 1998 NBA championship sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Scrambled sentence: Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sldo fro a record $2.2 lonilmi. Recovered sentence: Michael Jordan\u2019s 1998 NBA championship sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Scrambled sentence: Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sldo fro a record $2.2 lonilmi. Recovered sentence: Michael Jordan\u2019s 1998 NBA championship sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Scrambled sentence: Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sldo fro a record $2.2 lonilmi. Recovered sentence", "scrambled": "Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sldo fro a record $2.2 lonilmi.", "original": "Michael Jordan\u2019s iconic 1998 NBA Finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.", "recovered": "Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA championship sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tyMirial etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel ta supersonic speeds\u201d sa they deacr ot mkea cnoctta with na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn in eth region atth later racdseh ni a heavily wodode area. heT extraordinary depes of the jets caused a sonic boom ssrcao the gtWsahnoin, CD, raea atth confused many residents.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "tyMirial etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel ta supersonic speeds\u201d sa they deacr ot mkea cnoctta with na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn in eth region atth later racdseh ni a heavily wodode area. heT extraordinary depes of the jets caused a sonic boom ssrcao the gtWsahnoin, CD, raea atth confused many residents. Scrambled sentence: tyMirial etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel ta supersonic speeds\u201d sa they deacr ot mkea cnoctta with na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn in eth region atth later racdseh ni a heavily wodode area. heT extraordinary depes", "scrambled": "tyMirial etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel ta supersonic speeds\u201d sa they deacr ot mkea cnoctta with na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn in eth region atth later racdseh ni a heavily wodode area. heT extraordinary depes of the jets caused a sonic boom ssrcao the gtWsahnoin, CD, raea atth confused many residents.", "original": "Military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d as they raced to make contact with an unresponsive aircraft flying in the region that later crashed in a heavily wooded area. The extraordinary speed of the jets caused a sonic boom across the Washington, DC, area that confused many residents.", "recovered": "tyMirial etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel ta supersonic speeds\u201d sa they deacr ot mkea cnoctta with na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn in eth region atth later racdseh ni a heavily wodode area. heT extraordinary depes of the jets caused a sonic boom ssrcao the gtWsahnoin, CD, raea atth confused many residents."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Millions fo people rniema ta rsik of inhaling eaoipyltlnt harmful ari sa wildfire smoke gninatgioir rmfo Canada shrouds jorma US cities.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Millions of people ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta t", "scrambled": "Millions fo people rniema ta rsik of inhaling eaoipyltlnt harmful ari sa wildfire smoke gninatgioir rmfo Canada shrouds jorma US cities.", "original": "Millions of people remain at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke originating from Canada shrouds major US cities.", "recovered": "Millions of people ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta t"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: anoMtan vGo. Greg Gianforte esdign a lbil Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in eht state over perceived ersticyu concerns. heT controversial alw, which llwi atek ecftef in January, outlines potential nfsie of $10,000 per ayd fro violators.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "anoMtan vGo. Greg Gianforte esdign a lbil Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in eht state over perceived ersticyu concerns. heT controversial alw, which llwi atek ecftef in January, outlines potential nfsie of $10,000 per ayd fro violators. Scrambled sentence: anoMtan vGo. Greg Gianforte esdign a lbil Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in eht state over perceived ersticyu concerns. heT controversial alw, which llwi atek ecftef in January, outlines potential nfsie of $10,000 per ayd fro violators. Scrambled sentence: anoMtan vGo. Greg Gianforte esdign a lbil Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in eht state over perceived ersticyu concerns. heT", "scrambled": "anoMtan vGo. Greg Gianforte esdign a lbil Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in eht state over perceived ersticyu concerns. heT controversial alw, which llwi atek ecftef in January, outlines potential nfsie of $10,000 per ayd fro violators.", "original": "Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived security concerns. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per day for violators.", "recovered": "anoMtan vGo. Greg Gianforte esdign a lbil Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in eht state over perceived ersticyu concerns. heT controversial alw, which llwi atek ecftef in January, outlines potential nfsie of $10,000 per ayd fro violators."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv meltdown, Southwest Airlines isad its bookings in rMcah were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 billion ni eth quarter, ndarogcci ot the company.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv meltdown, Southwest Airlines isad its bookings in rMcah were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 billion ni eth quarter, ndarogcci ot the company. Scrambled sentence: htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv meltdown, Southwest Airlines isad its bookings in rMcah were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 billion ni eth quarter, ndarogcci ot the company. Scrambled sentence: htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv meltdown, Southwest Airlines isad its bookings in rMcah were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 billion ni eth quarter, ndarogcci", "scrambled": "htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv meltdown, Southwest Airlines isad its bookings in rMcah were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 billion ni eth quarter, ndarogcci ot the company.", "original": "Months after a holiday service meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on track. Revenue soared 22% to $5.7 billion in the quarter, according to the company.", "recovered": "htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv meltdown, Southwest Airlines isad its bookings in rMcah were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 billion ni eth quarter, ndarogcci ot the company."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are gktani part ni drills igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere and a tabo-iingskn rocket assault, amid fears atht nhCai may eb ppnrraegi to launch an offensive nastiga wnaTia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are gktani part ni drills igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere and a tabo-iingskn rocket assault, amid fears atht nhCai may eb ppnrraegi to launch an offensive nastiga wnaTia. Scrambled sentence: eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are gktani part ni drills igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere and a tabo-iingskn rocket assault, amid fears atht nhCai may eb ppnrraegi to launch an offensive nastiga wnaTia. Scrambled sentence: eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are gktani part ni drills igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere", "scrambled": "eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are gktani part ni drills igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere and a tabo-iingskn rocket assault, amid fears atht nhCai may eb ppnrraegi to launch an offensive nastiga wnaTia.", "original": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including live-fire exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive against Taiwan.", "recovered": "eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are gktani part ni drills igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere and a tabo-iingskn rocket assault, amid fears atht nhCai may eb ppnrraegi to launch an offensive nastiga wnaTia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eorM than 200 leppeo have eneb resucde since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding sha mseeugrdb homes and ndreut ttsrsee into iservr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding has flooded homes and turned ttsrsee into iservr. Scrambled sentence: More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding has flooded homes and turned ttsrsee into iservr. Scrambled sentence: More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding has flooded homes and turned ttsrsee into iservr. Scrambled sentence: More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding has flooded homes and turned ttsrsee into iservr. Scrambled sentence: More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding has flooded homes and turned ttsrsee into iservr. Scrambled sentence: More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding has flooded homes and turned tt", "scrambled": "eorM than 200 leppeo have eneb resucde since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding sha mseeugrdb homes and ndreut ttsrsee into iservr.", "original": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has submerged homes and turned streets into rivers.", "recovered": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding has flooded homes and turned ttsrsee into iservr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: More than half of hte sga stations in eth Miami-trFo dleudLraea area were without gasoline Wdndeysea fetra goioldnf from atsl kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt caused a wave fo panic buying yb irrdesv tgoippn fof ietrh tanks.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Dade-Broward area were without gasoline. The extra gasoline from the Key West refinery\u2019s shutdown caused a wave of panic buying and topped off tanks. Scrambled sentence: More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Dade-Broward area were without gasoline. The extra gasoline from the Key West refinery\u2019s shutdown caused a wave of panic buying and topped off tanks. Scrambled sentence: More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Dade-Broward area were without gasoline. The extra gasoline from the Key West refinery\u2019s shutdown caused a wave of panic buying and topped off tanks. Scrambled sentence: More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Dade-Broward area were without gasoline. The extra gasoline from the Key West refinery\u2019s shutdown caused a wave of panic buying and topped off tanks. Scrambled sentence: More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Dade-Broward area were without gasoline. The extra gasoline from the Key West refinery\u2019s shutdown caused a wave of panic buying and ", "scrambled": "More than half of hte sga stations in eth Miami-trFo dleudLraea area were without gasoline Wdndeysea fetra goioldnf from atsl kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt caused a wave fo panic buying yb irrdesv tgoippn fof ietrh tanks.", "original": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after flooding from last week\u2019s massive storm caused a wave of panic buying by drivers topping off their tanks.", "recovered": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Dade-Broward area were without gasoline. The extra gasoline from the Key West refinery\u2019s shutdown caused a wave of panic buying and topped off tanks."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mcwsoo sought ot srusaeer lMai\u2019s rlguin military unatj atht Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents ni the wra-torn fiacArn country, dmai fears about the riwed fallout fo eth mercenary group\u2019s alefdi uprising ni asRsui. heT revolt ecucdorr skeew after Mial called no UN eecseerkppea ot aleev \u201cwithout delay\u201d, ignnoneucd hte decade-nlog mission\u2019s \u201cralifeu\u201d to respond ot tyirseuc challenges.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mcwsoo sought to reassure Libya\u2019s rebel military unit that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn country, dma fears about the rippled fallout from the mercenary group\u2019s al-Qaeda-affiliated uprising in Algeria. The revolt erupted shortly after Mial called on the UN emergency mission to act \u201cwithout delay\u201d, ignoring the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cresistance\u201d to respond to today\u2019s challenges. Scrambled sentence: Mcwsoo sought to reassure Libya\u2019s rebel military unit that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn country, dma fears about the rippled fallout from the mercenary group\u2019s al-Qaeda-affiliated uprising in Algeria. The revolt erupted shortly after Mial called on the UN emergency mission to act \u201cwithout delay\u201d, ignoring the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cresistance\u201d to respond to today\u2019s challenges. Scrambled sentence: Mcwsoo sought to reassure Libya\u2019", "scrambled": "Mcwsoo sought ot srusaeer lMai\u2019s rlguin military unatj atht Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents ni the wra-torn fiacArn country, dmai fears about the riwed fallout fo eth mercenary group\u2019s alefdi uprising ni asRsui. heT revolt ecucdorr skeew after Mial called no UN eecseerkppea ot aleev \u201cwithout delay\u201d, ignnoneucd hte decade-nlog mission\u2019s \u201cralifeu\u201d to respond ot tyirseuc challenges.", "original": "Moscow sought to reassure Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn African country, amid fears about the wider fallout of the mercenary group\u2019s failed uprising in Russia. The revolt occurred weeks after Mali called on UN peacekeepers to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond to security challenges.", "recovered": "Mcwsoo sought to reassure Libya\u2019s rebel military unit that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn country, dma fears about the rippled fallout from the mercenary group\u2019s al-Qaeda-affiliated uprising in Algeria. The revolt erupted shortly after Mial called on the UN emergency mission to act \u201cwithout delay\u201d, ignoring the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cresistance\u201d to respond to today\u2019s challenges."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: soMt historians credit hiaCn with the ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 AD. But ti swa ni the 1830s that naiatIl osvnitner added trace amounts fo metals to het mix dan cederat the lufolocr displays ttah dazzle su now.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "soMt historians credit hiaCn with the ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 AD. But ti swa ni the 1830s that naiatIl osvnitner added trace amounts fo metals to het mix dan cederat the lufolocr displays ttah dazzle su now. Scrambled sentence: soMt historians credit hiaCn with the ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 AD. But ti swa ni the 1830s that naiatIl osvnitner added trace amounts fo metals to het mix dan cederat the lufolocr displays ttah dazzle su now. Scrambled sentence: soMt historians credit hiaCn with the ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 AD. But ti swa ni the 1830", "scrambled": "soMt historians credit hiaCn with the ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 AD. But ti swa ni the 1830s that naiatIl osvnitner added trace amounts fo metals to het mix dan cederat the lufolocr displays ttah dazzle su now.", "original": "Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now.", "recovered": "soMt historians credit hiaCn with the ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 AD. But ti swa ni the 1830s that naiatIl osvnitner added trace amounts fo metals to het mix dan cederat the lufolocr displays ttah dazzle su now."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ksuM announced hsit week hatt hsi company\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge fomr the ellw-nknow eubl bird ot a lacbk X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand aws iywedl duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something no fire he aidp $44 billion for\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ksuM announced last week that his company\u2019s old logo would change from the well-known eubl bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand was duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d. Scrambled sentence: ksuM announced last week that his company\u2019s old logo would change from the well-known eubl bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand was duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d. Scrambled sentence: ksuM announced last week that his company\u2019s old logo would change from the well-known eubl bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand was duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d. Scrambled sentence: ksuM announced", "scrambled": "ksuM announced hsit week hatt hsi company\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge fomr the ellw-nknow eubl bird ot a lacbk X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand aws iywedl duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something no fire he aidp $44 billion for\u201d.", "original": "Musk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo would change from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s controversial rebrand was widely ridiculed, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d.", "recovered": "ksuM announced last week that his company\u2019s old logo would change from the well-known eubl bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand was duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Netflix sha edrahs viexsecul nwe elsadti for the second onsesa of its wuaynar hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d het South oneKar thriller series ni which ensansocttt owh rea pdleye ni debt play eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa in eorrd ot nwi a nto of cash \u2014 tihw the losers getting killed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Netflix has released the trailer for the second season of its wuaynar hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South oneKar thriller series in which ensansocttt owh rea pdleye ni debt play eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa in eorrd ot nwi a nto of cash \u2014 tihw the losers getting killed. Scrambled sentence: Netflix sha edrahs viexsecul nwe elsadti for the second onsesa of its wuaynar hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d het South oneKar thriller series ni which ensansoctt owh rea pdleye ni debt play eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa in eorrd ot nwi a nto of cash \u2014 tihw the losers getting killed. Scrambled sentence: Netflix sha edrahs viexsecul", "scrambled": "Netflix sha edrahs viexsecul nwe elsadti for the second onsesa of its wuaynar hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d het South oneKar thriller series ni which ensansocttt owh rea pdleye ni debt play eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa in eorrd ot nwi a nto of cash \u2014 tihw the losers getting killed.", "original": "Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South Korean thriller series in which contestants who are deeply in debt play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.", "recovered": "Netflix has released the trailer for the second season of its wuaynar hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South oneKar thriller series in which ensansocttt owh rea pdleye ni debt play eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa in eorrd ot nwi a nto of cash \u2014 tihw the losers getting killed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eNw kYro must tpos building kcparrssyse ro ti llwi sink, a wne study has rnwdea. There ear thought ot be noe illmnoi duniisblg ni Nwe York tyCi, weighing an estimated 771 million nnoste, nda het study, headed yb Tom Parsons fo the nUdeti stSeat ogGioalecl vrSyue, nufdo that the itcy is \u201cplopping closer\u201d ot the wtrae at a erta of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some raase nsgisbdiu hcmu faster\u201d, said eth wNe York osPt. wroeL Manhattan si rrlitcalapyu at risk, and there is heightened concern ofr tboh Brooklyn nda Queens.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "New York must stop building skyscrapers if it is to stop the city sinking, a new study has revealed. There are thought to be noe illmnoi duniisblg in the New York tyCi, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons for the New York University stSeat of geology and geophysics, underlines that the itcy is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some rise nsgisbdiu hcmu faster\u201d, said the New York Observatory. Scrambled sentence: eNw kYro must tpos building kcparrssyse ro ti llwi sink, a wne study has rnwdea. There ear thought ot be noe illmnoi duniisblg ni Nwe York tyCi, weighing an estimated 771 million nnoste, nda het study", "scrambled": "eNw kYro must tpos building kcparrssyse ro ti llwi sink, a wne study has rnwdea. There ear thought ot be noe illmnoi duniisblg ni Nwe York tyCi, weighing an estimated 771 million nnoste, nda het study, headed yb Tom Parsons fo the nUdeti stSeat ogGioalecl vrSyue, nufdo that the itcy is \u201cplopping closer\u201d ot the wtrae at a erta of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some raase nsgisbdiu hcmu faster\u201d, said eth wNe York osPt. wroeL Manhattan si rrlitcalapyu at risk, and there is heightened concern ofr tboh Brooklyn nda Queens.", "original": "New York must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million buildings in New York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas subsiding much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "recovered": "New York must stop building skyscrapers if it is to stop the city sinking, a new study has revealed. There are thought to be noe illmnoi duniisblg in the New York tyCi, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons for the New York University stSeat of geology and geophysics, underlines that the itcy is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some rise nsgisbdiu hcmu faster\u201d, said the New York Observatory."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Newly eseraeld oloitaprMten Police data ash revealed that an aegarve of 248 phone thefts a day eerw oetrpder in 2022 in hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh boroughs thwi eth most thefts erew esmretnWsit (25,899), Camden (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) nda Hackney (4,618).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day erw oetrpder in 2022 in the sngEihl ilpaatc. The boroughs with the most thefts are now esmretnWsit (25,899), Camden (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) and Hackney (4,618). Scrambled sentence: Newly eseraeld oloitaprMten Police data ash revealed that an aegarve of 248 phone thefts a day erw oetrpder in 2022 in the sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh boroughs thwi eth most thefts erew esmretnWsit (25,899), Camden (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) nda Hackney (4,618). Recovered sentence: Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that", "scrambled": "Newly eseraeld oloitaprMten Police data ash revealed that an aegarve of 248 phone thefts a day eerw oetrpder in 2022 in hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh boroughs thwi eth most thefts erew esmretnWsit (25,899), Camden (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) nda Hackney (4,618).", "original": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most thefts were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "recovered": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day erw oetrpder in 2022 in the sngEihl ilpaatc. The boroughs with the most thefts are now esmretnWsit (25,899), Camden (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) and Hackney (4,618)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: News broke sthi week atth het government addhen a \u00a31.6 nlloiib contract to triausaAnl mifr Corporate ralveT Management to cover three fsooefhr yumlas-eekser elsevss. ehT government cmlidae the \u201cfloatels\u201d would eb \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d anht housing rsrlavia in oheslt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "News broke last week that the government had awarded a \u00a31.6 billion contract to triasaAnl mifr Corporate ralveT Management to cover three full years-weekser elsewherevss. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d and housing resrlavia in other countries. Scrambled sentence: News broke last week that the government had awarded a \u00a31.6 billion contract to triasaAnl mifr Corporate ralveT Management to cover three full years-weekser elsevss. The government cmlidae the \u201cfloatels\u201d would eb \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d and housing rsrlavia in oheslt. Scrambled sentence: News broke last week that the government had awarded a \u00a31.6 billion contract to triasaAnl mifr Corporate ralveT Management to cover three full years-weekser elsevss. The government cmlidae the \u201cfloatels\u201d would eb \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d and housing rsrlavia in oheslt. Scramble", "scrambled": "News broke sthi week atth het government addhen a \u00a31.6 nlloiib contract to triausaAnl mifr Corporate ralveT Management to cover three fsooefhr yumlas-eekser elsevss. ehT government cmlidae the \u201cfloatels\u201d would eb \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d anht housing rsrlavia in oheslt.", "original": "News broke this week that the government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian firm Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-seeker vessels. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing arrivals in hotels.", "recovered": "News broke last week that the government had awarded a \u00a31.6 billion contract to triasaAnl mifr Corporate ralveT Management to cover three full years-weekser elsewherevss. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d and housing resrlavia in other countries."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: thrNo donLon Collegiate School ilwl litra deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki rpaogshsrpe, ewets chilli nad lime rectskci, dan acenMix ecir topped with buffalo worms.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: thrNo donLon Collegiate School ilwl litra deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki rpaogshsrpe, ewets chilli nad lime rectskci, dan acenMix ecir topped with buffalo worms. Scrambled sentence: thrNo donLon Collegiate School ilwl litra deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki rpaogshsrpe, ewets chilli nad lime rectskci, dan acenMix ecir topped with buffalo worms. Scrambled sentence: thrNo donLon Collegiate School ilwl litra deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw ", "scrambled": "thrNo donLon Collegiate School ilwl litra deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki rpaogshsrpe, ewets chilli nad lime rectskci, dan acenMix ecir topped with buffalo worms.", "original": "North London Collegiate School will trial dishes such as Chinese-style noodles with teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime crickets, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: OPEC, which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebarrl a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent loi cersip surging sthi ekew.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": ", which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebarrl a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent loi cersip surging sthi ekew. Scrambled sentence: OPEC, which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebarrl a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent loi cersip surging sthi ekew. Scrambled sentence: OPEC, which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebar", "scrambled": "OPEC, which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebarrl a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent loi cersip surging sthi ekew.", "original": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week.", "recovered": ", which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebarrl a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent loi cersip surging sthi ekew."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Of more than 1,000 tsxih-ormf pispul surveyed yb think-tank Civitas, 26% laos said thta ecmtail change dha made ihetr aityxen or sadness swoer. dnA afhl said that people should have rwfee dilnrche in edrro ot tackle climate ehancg dan rpoaenuvlotipo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Of more than 1,000 tsxih-ormf pispul surveyed yb think-tank Civitas, 26% laos said thta ecmtail change dha made ihetr aityxen or sadness swoer. dnA afhl said that people should have rwfee dilnrche in edrro ot tackle climate ehancg dan rpoaenuvlotipo. Scrambled sentence: Of more than 1,000 tsxih-ormf pispul surveyed yb think-tank Civitas, 26% laos said thta ecmtail change dha made ihetr aityxen or sadness swoer. dnA afhl said that people should have rwfee dilnrche in edrro ot tackle climate ehancg dan rpoaenuvloti", "scrambled": "Of more than 1,000 tsxih-ormf pispul surveyed yb think-tank Civitas, 26% laos said thta ecmtail change dha made ihetr aityxen or sadness swoer. dnA afhl said that people should have rwfee dilnrche in edrro ot tackle climate ehancg dan rpoaenuvlotipo.", "original": "Of more than 1,000 sixth-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% also said that climate change had made their anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to tackle climate change and overpopulation.", "recovered": "Of more than 1,000 tsxih-ormf pispul surveyed yb think-tank Civitas, 26% laos said thta ecmtail change dha made ihetr aityxen or sadness swoer. dnA afhl said that people should have rwfee dilnrche in edrro ot tackle climate ehancg dan rpoaenuvlotipo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd ni late yuaJrna nda si being monitored yb the dolWr Health Organization sa a artaniv of concern. sCsae have eben reported in ta estla 27 countries, including the KU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd ni late yuaJrna nda si being monitored yb the dolWr Health Organization sa a artaniv of concern. sCsae have eben reported in ta estla 27 countries, including the KU. Scrambled sentence: Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd ni late yuaJrna nda si being monitored yb the dolWr Health Organization sa a artaniv of concern. sCsae have eben reported in ta estla 27 countries, including the KU. Scrambled sentence: Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd ni late yuaJrna nda si being monitored yb the dolWr Health Organization s", "scrambled": "Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd ni late yuaJrna nda si being monitored yb the dolWr Health Organization sa a artaniv of concern. sCsae have eben reported in ta estla 27 countries, including the KU.", "original": "Omicron subvariant Arcturus was first detected in late January and is being monitored by the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "recovered": "Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd ni late yuaJrna nda si being monitored yb the dolWr Health Organization sa a artaniv of concern. sCsae have eben reported in ta estla 27 countries, including the KU."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On iAlrp 3, 1973, het tfirs cell enhpo lalc aws aemd on a sidewalk in New krYo tyiC with a vdeeci the size of a brick.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone was affixed on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. Scrambled sentence: On iAlrp 3, 1973, het tfirs cell enhpo lalc aws aemd on a sidewalk in New krYo tyiC with a vdeeci the size of a brick. Recovered sentence: On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone was affixed on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. Scrambled sentence: On iAlrp 3, 1973, het tfirs cell enhpo lalc aws aemd on a sidewalk in New krYo tyiC with a vdeeci the size of a brick. Recovered sentence: On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone was affixed on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. Scram", "scrambled": "On iAlrp 3, 1973, het tfirs cell enhpo lalc aws aemd on a sidewalk in New krYo tyiC with a vdeeci the size of a brick.", "original": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.", "recovered": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone was affixed on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO June 17, 2021, President eoJ dnBie signed a bill into lwa cninrzgieog Juneteenth National pneIenecdnde yDa. Biden asdi eth moment will og odwn sa \u201cone fo het rsaegtte honors\u201d of his presidency.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On June 17, 2021, President Obama signed a bill into law that made Juneteenth National holiday. Biden called the moment \u201cone of the highest honors\u201d of his presidency. Scrambled sentence: nO June 17, 2021, President eoJ dnBi Jude\u0163ean signed a bill into lw Sc Sc Sc The scr The scr The scr The scr On June 17, 2021, President Obama signed a bill that made June 17th Juneteen On June 17, 2021, President Obama signed a bill that made June 17th Juneteen On June 17, 2021, President Obama signed a bill that made June 17th Juneteen Jude\u0163eancep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2nd. Scrambled sentence: nO June 17, 2021, President Obama signed a bill that made June 17th Juneteen On June 17, 20", "scrambled": "nO June 17, 2021, President eoJ dnBie signed a bill into lwa cninrzgieog Juneteenth National pneIenecdnde yDa. Biden asdi eth moment will og odwn sa \u201cone fo het rsaegtte honors\u201d of his presidency.", "original": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth National Independence Day. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency.", "recovered": "On June 17, 2021, President Obama signed a bill into law that made Juneteenth National holiday. Biden called the moment \u201cone of the highest honors\u201d of his presidency."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO aonydM, Twitter ssrue noted taht eht uelb bdri oglo ulyusal found no Twitter\u2019s homepage and onildga screen has now been replaced twih an eiagm of Doge, eth aSbhi nuI gdo used as a popular internet eemm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that that the blue bird that is usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and onildga screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the animal that is now being used as a popular internet emoji. Scrambled sentence: nO aonydM, Twitter ssrue noted taht eht uelb bdri oglo ulyusal found no Twitter\u2019s homepage and onildga screeen has now been replaced twih an eiagm of Doge, eth aSbhi nuI gdo used as a popular internet eemm. Scrambled sentence: nO aonydM, Twitter ssrue noted taht eht uelb bdri oglo ulyusal found no Twitter\u2019s homepage and onildga screeen has now been replaced twih an eiagm of Doge,", "scrambled": "nO aonydM, Twitter ssrue noted taht eht uelb bdri oglo ulyusal found no Twitter\u2019s homepage and onildga screen has now been replaced twih an eiagm of Doge, eth aSbhi nuI gdo used as a popular internet eemm.", "original": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that the blue bird logo usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Shiba Inu dog used as a popular internet meme.", "recovered": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that that the blue bird that is usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and onildga screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the animal that is now being used as a popular internet emoji."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On September 14, 1814, Francis tocSt Key dnpeen a pemo etrfa witnessing the alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM in tmloBerai dnigur the arW of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo was later set to music, and in 1931, ti became acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On September 14, 1814, Francis tocSt Key dnpeen a pemo etrfa witnessing the alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM in tmloBerai dnigur the arW of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo was later set to music, and in 1931, ti became acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh. Scrambled sentence: On September 14, 1814, Francis tocSt Key dnpeen a pemo etrfa witnessing the alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM in tmloBerai dnigur the arW of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo was later set to music, and in 1931, ti became acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh. Scrambled sentence: On September 14, 1814", "scrambled": "On September 14, 1814, Francis tocSt Key dnpeen a pemo etrfa witnessing the alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM in tmloBerai dnigur the arW of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo was later set to music, and in 1931, ti became acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh.", "original": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.", "recovered": "On September 14, 1814, Francis tocSt Key dnpeen a pemo etrfa witnessing the alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM in tmloBerai dnigur the arW of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo was later set to music, and in 1931, ti became acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Wednesday, the East Anasi ortcynu enacted a new awl rpcgaipsn a centuries-dol stemsy that edeemd children ot be one reay dol ta rhitb, ihwt a eray daded every 1 yuJaran \u2013 meaning a baby brno on 31 December would turn wot eth next ady. A separate system, under which babies rwee eroz ta birth tbu drenut eon on 1 January, has soal been deolbhisa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On Wednesday, the East Anasi ortcynu enacted a new all law reforming a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one day dol ta rhitb, ihwt a eray daded every 1 year \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn wot eth next ady. A separate system, under which babies rwee eroz ta birth tbu drenut eon on 1 January, has soal been deolbhisa. Scrambled sentence: On Wednesday, the East Anasi ortcynu enacted a new all law reforming a centuries-old stemsy that edeemd children ot be one reay dol ta rhitb, ihwt a eray daded every 1 yuJaran \u2013 meaning a baby brno on 31 December would turn wot eth next ady. A separate system, under which babies rwee eroz ta", "scrambled": "On Wednesday, the East Anasi ortcynu enacted a new awl rpcgaipsn a centuries-dol stemsy that edeemd children ot be one reay dol ta rhitb, ihwt a eray daded every 1 yuJaran \u2013 meaning a baby brno on 31 December would turn wot eth next ady. A separate system, under which babies rwee eroz ta birth tbu drenut eon on 1 January, has soal been deolbhisa.", "original": "On Wednesday, the East Asian country enacted a new law scrapping a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A separate system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished.", "recovered": "On Wednesday, the East Anasi ortcynu enacted a new all law reforming a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one day dol ta rhitb, ihwt a eray daded every 1 year \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn wot eth next ady. A separate system, under which babies rwee eroz ta birth tbu drenut eon on 1 January, has soal been deolbhisa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: One ni 10 people said ehyt dukn uaessag rolls in their upc fo tea, according to a study ahtt has cedasu cmuh upset for het iDyla Star. hTe bdltiao dcalle eht pacterci a \u201chideous habit\u201d nda frthreu claimed htta 4% fo lnvsdiadiui, whom they referred to sa \u201cgowrn \u2019uns\u201d, eeagng ni the tac fo dipping sandwiches into oth beverages \u2013 mntgsoieh the aidblto ededem ightnno short of \u201cevil\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "One in 10 people said ehyt dukn uaessag rolls in their upc fo tea, according to a study ahtt has cedasu cmuh upset for het iDyla Star. The board called eht pacterci a \u201chideous habit\u201d and from there claimed htta 4% fo lnvsdiadiuii, whom they referred to sa \u201cgowrn \u2019uns\u201d, eeagng ni the tac fo dipping sandwiches into oth beverages \u2013 mntgsoieh the aidblto ededem ightnno short of \u201cevil\u201d. Scrambled sentence: One ni 10 people said ehyt dukn uaessag rolls in their upc fo tea, according to a study ahtt has cedasu cmuh upset for het iDyla Star. hTe bdltiao dcall", "scrambled": "One ni 10 people said ehyt dukn uaessag rolls in their upc fo tea, according to a study ahtt has cedasu cmuh upset for het iDyla Star. hTe bdltiao dcalle eht pacterci a \u201chideous habit\u201d nda frthreu claimed htta 4% fo lnvsdiadiui, whom they referred to sa \u201cgowrn \u2019uns\u201d, eeagng ni the tac fo dipping sandwiches into oth beverages \u2013 mntgsoieh the aidblto ededem ightnno short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "original": "One in 10 people said they dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and further claimed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 something the tabloid deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "recovered": "One in 10 people said ehyt dukn uaessag rolls in their upc fo tea, according to a study ahtt has cedasu cmuh upset for het iDyla Star. The board called eht pacterci a \u201chideous habit\u201d and from there claimed htta 4% fo lnvsdiadiuii, whom they referred to sa \u201cgowrn \u2019uns\u201d, eeagng ni the tac fo dipping sandwiches into oth beverages \u2013 mntgsoieh the aidblto ededem ightnno short of \u201cevil\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: One rtip ot scpae will cost uyo ubtao $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu etrlav to eapsc fi nvgei the itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi to a CNN silaanys.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of astronauts don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% do want to experience the journey, according to a CNN survey. Scrambled sentence: One rtip ot scpae will cost uyo ubtao $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu etrlav to eapsc fi nvgei the itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi to a CNN silaanys. Scrambled sentence: One rtip ot scpae will cost uyo ubtao $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu etrlav to eapsc fi nvgei the itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi to a", "scrambled": "One rtip ot scpae will cost uyo ubtao $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu etrlav to eapsc fi nvgei the itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi to a CNN silaanys.", "original": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Americans actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN analysis.", "recovered": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of astronauts don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% do want to experience the journey, according to a CNN survey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: erOynk could leave the KU dan ocmeeb a territory of wyoaNr uedrn new proposals ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms fo governance\u201d ttha could iderovp more iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT islands were under graeiNown dan Danish control until 1472.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "erOynk could leave the KU dan ocmeeb a territory of wyoaNr uedrn new proposals ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms fo governance\u201d ttha could iderovp more iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT islands were under graeiNown dan Danish control until 1472. Scrambled sentence: erOynk could leave the KU dan ocmeeb a territory of wyoaNr uedrn new proposals ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms fo governance\u201d ttha could iderovp more iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT islands were under graeiNown dan Danish control until 1472. Scrambled sentence: erOynk could leave the KU dan ocmeeb a territory of wyo", "scrambled": "erOynk could leave the KU dan ocmeeb a territory of wyoaNr uedrn new proposals ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms fo governance\u201d ttha could iderovp more iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT islands were under graeiNown dan Danish control until 1472.", "original": "Orkney could leave the UK and become a territory of Norway under new proposals to explore \u201calternative forms of governance\u201d that could provide more economic opportunities. The islands were under Norwegian and Danish control until 1472.", "recovered": "erOynk could leave the KU dan ocmeeb a territory of wyoaNr uedrn new proposals ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms fo governance\u201d ttha could iderovp more iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT islands were under graeiNown dan Danish control until 1472."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Paris si preparing for hte 2024 imyOlcp Games cndretee around teh vRier nSeei. hTe ninogpe ceremony, which is traditionally held sendii het hsto city\u2019s Opmicyl damstiu, will aket place on the river, with ta least 600,000 peploe etexcdpe to cwtha from teh kabsn, according to rrzeiagson.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 iMyolcp Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held sendii het hsto city\u2019s Olympic damstiu, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to cross from the banks, according to rrzeiagson. Scrambled sentence: Paris is preparing for hte 2024 imyOlcp Games cndretee around teh vRier nSeei. hTe ninogpe ceremony, which is traditionally held sendii het hsto city\u2019s Opmicyl damstiu, will aket place on the river, with ta least 600,000 peploe etexcdpe to cwtha from teh kabsn, according to rrzeiagson. Scrambled sentence: Paris is preparing for hte 2024 imyOlcp Games cndretee around teh vRier n", "scrambled": "Paris si preparing for hte 2024 imyOlcp Games cndretee around teh vRier nSeei. hTe ninogpe ceremony, which is traditionally held sendii het hsto city\u2019s Opmicyl damstiu, will aket place on the river, with ta least 600,000 peploe etexcdpe to cwtha from teh kabsn, according to rrzeiagson.", "original": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers.", "recovered": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 iMyolcp Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held sendii het hsto city\u2019s Olympic damstiu, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to cross from the banks, according to rrzeiagson."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ePleop how aer 65 nda older ro oseht who hvea weakened enuimm systems nda \u201cnatw the option of ddade protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said htis eekw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ePleop how aer 65 nda older ro oseht who hvea weakened enuimm systems nda \u201cnatw the option of ddade protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said htis eekw. Scrambled sentence: ePleop how aer 65 nda older ro oseht who hvea weakened enuimm systems nda \u201cnatw the option of ddade protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said htis eekw. Scrambled sentence: ePleop how aer 65 nda older ro oseht who hvea weakened enuimm systems nda \u201cnatw the option of ddade protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said htis eekw. Scrambled sentence: ePleop", "scrambled": "ePleop how aer 65 nda older ro oseht who hvea weakened enuimm systems nda \u201cnatw the option of ddade protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said htis eekw.", "original": "People who are 65 and older or those who have weakened immune systems and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another booster dose, the CDC said this week.", "recovered": "ePleop how aer 65 nda older ro oseht who hvea weakened enuimm systems nda \u201cnatw the option of ddade protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said htis eekw."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Phoenix just endured hte tshotte hnomt for any US cyti on edrocr. Teetsepmraru in het region kdapee under 110 egeesdr Fahrenheit rfo the fstri time ni a month no oanyMd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Phoenix just endured the hottest hour for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region have not dipped under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month. Scrambled sentence: Phoenix just endured hte tshotte hnomt for any US cyti on edrocr. Teetsepmraru in het region kdapee under 110 egeesdr Fahrenheit rfo the fstri time ni a month no oanyMd. Scrambled sentence: Phoenix just endured hte tshotte hnomt for any US cyti on edrocr. Teetsepmraru in het region kdapee under 110 egeesdr Fahrenheit rfo the fstri time ni a month no oanyMd. Scrambled sentence: Phoenix just endured hte tshotte hnomt for any US cyt", "scrambled": "Phoenix just endured hte tshotte hnomt for any US cyti on edrocr. Teetsepmraru in het region kdapee under 110 egeesdr Fahrenheit rfo the fstri time ni a month no oanyMd.", "original": "Phoenix just endured the hottest month for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday.", "recovered": "Phoenix just endured the hottest hour for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region have not dipped under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Plans for fmgiiln hte tffhi and final season fo \u201cStranger Tghnis\u201d ash been paused due ot the rreswti\u2019 strike, het owsh\u2019s co-ersrctao ucnnodaen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Plans for filming the seventh and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creator ucnnodaen. Scrambled sentence: Plans for filming the seventh and final season of \u201cStranger Tghnis\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creator ucnnodaen. Scrambled sentence: Plans for filming the seventh and final season of \u201cStranger Tghnis\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creator ucnnodaen. Scrambled sentence: Plans for filming the seventh and final season of \u201cStranger Tghnis\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creator ucnnodaen. Scrambled sentence: Plans for filming the seventh and final season of \u201cStranger Tghnis\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019", "scrambled": "Plans for fmgiiln hte tffhi and final season fo \u201cStranger Tghnis\u201d ash been paused due ot the rreswti\u2019 strike, het owsh\u2019s co-ersrctao ucnnodaen.", "original": "Plans for filming the fifth and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creators announced.", "recovered": "Plans for filming the seventh and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creator ucnnodaen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Play was eptisdudr after a oserpertt mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea activist edirt ot glue herself to a edfitnfre labet. eTh duo were arrested following het naivnosi ta Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "was eptisdudr after a oserpertt mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea activist edirt ot glue hre to a edfitnfre labet. eTh duo were arrested follo Sheffield\u2019s Crucible. Scrambled sentence: Play was eptisdudr after a oserpertt mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea activist edirt ot glue hre to a edfitnfre labet. eTh duo were arrested follo Sheffield\u2019s Crucible. Scrambled sentence: Play was eptisdudr after a oserpertt mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih", "scrambled": "Play was eptisdudr after a oserpertt mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea activist edirt ot glue herself to a edfitnfre labet. eTh duo were arrested following het naivnosi ta Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "original": "Play was disrupted after a protester climbed onto a table and covered it with orange powder, while another activist tried to glue herself to a different table. The duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "recovered": "was eptisdudr after a oserpertt mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea activist edirt ot glue hre to a edfitnfre labet. eTh duo were arrested follo Sheffield\u2019s Crucible."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oPclie arrested almost 1,000 people ni the KU\u2019s ratgesl erev cocknwrda on organised crime. A total of 20 srrefima, \u00a3636,000 in cash dan 20gk fo ocancie erwe loas sieedz during hte danwnitoie raids ni eunJ, the National ePciol Chiefs\u2019 Council announced iths week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s biggest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and \u00a320k of drugs were seized during the dawn raids in England, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week. Scrambled sentence: oPclie arrested almost 1,000 people ni the KU\u2019s ratgesl erev cocknwrda on organised crime. A total of 20 srrefima, \u00a3636,000 in cash dan 20gk fo ocancie erwe loas sieedz during hte danwnitoie raids ni eunJ, the National ePciol Chiefs\u2019 Council announced iths week. Scrambled sentence: oPclie arrested almost 1,000 people ni the KU\u2019s ratgesl erev cocknwrda on organised crime. A total of 20 srrefima, \u00a3636,000 in cash dan 20gk fo ocancie erwe loas sieed", "scrambled": "oPclie arrested almost 1,000 people ni the KU\u2019s ratgesl erev cocknwrda on organised crime. A total of 20 srrefima, \u00a3636,000 in cash dan 20gk fo ocancie erwe loas sieedz during hte danwnitoie raids ni eunJ, the National ePciol Chiefs\u2019 Council announced iths week.", "original": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "recovered": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s biggest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and \u00a320k of drugs were seized during the dawn raids in England, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Presenting his first uegdBt ot Parliament on Wednesday, ntHu ldai tou a rgnea of measures intended to encourage ncomoiec hrwogt by boosting ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd itnexnegd free ecadilrhc dan lniiftg a apc on tax-fere pension vsanisg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Presenting his first uegdBt ot Parliament on Wednesday, ntHu ldai tou a rgnea of measures intended to encourage ncomoiec hrwogt by boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme,", "scrambled": "Presenting his first uegdBt ot Parliament on Wednesday, ntHu ldai tou a rgnea of measures intended to encourage ncomoiec hrwogt by boosting ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd itnexnegd free ecadilrhc dan lniiftg a apc on tax-fere pension vsanisg.", "original": "Presenting his first Budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting employment, including extending free childcare and lifting a cap on tax-free pension savings.", "recovered": "Presenting his first uegdBt ot Parliament on Wednesday, ntHu ldai tou a rgnea of measures intended to encourage ncomoiec hrwogt by boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme, boosting ymnetlopme,"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iePdsertn Abraham Lincoln issued eth cmpotniiaanE Proclamation no uyarJna 1, 1863, as the nation ocdpphraea its dhtir year fo bloody lvcii war. The aroplnmaotci declared \u201catht all ensospr held sa esslav\u201d iniwth the rebellious states \u201care, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb eefr.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation ocdpphraea its dhtir year fo bloody lvcii war. The aroplnmaotci declared \u201catht all ensospr held sa esslav\u201d iniwth the rebellious states \u201care, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb eefr.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: iePdsertn Abraham Lincoln issued eth cmpotniiaanE Proclamation no uyarJna 1, 1863, as the nation ocdpphraea its dhtir year fo bloody lvcii war. The aroplnmaotci declared \u201catht all ensospr held sa esslav\u201d iniwth the rebellious states \u201care, nda hrocnfdreaew l", "scrambled": "iePdsertn Abraham Lincoln issued eth cmpotniiaanE Proclamation no uyarJna 1, 1863, as the nation ocdpphraea its dhtir year fo bloody lvcii war. The aroplnmaotci declared \u201catht all ensospr held sa esslav\u201d iniwth the rebellious states \u201care, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb eefr.\u201d.", "original": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d.", "recovered": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation ocdpphraea its dhtir year fo bloody lvcii war. The aroplnmaotci declared \u201catht all ensospr held sa esslav\u201d iniwth the rebellious states \u201care, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb eefr.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rnetPdsei Joe Biden nda first ldya Jill eBind capped South nroKae tPeiesnrd onoY kuS oeYl\u2019s official state visit with a shialv state dinner ta eth White oseuH ndeWdasye tngih to bareeltce the wot nations\u2019 70-ryae alliance.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Vice President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Park Geun-hye\u2019s official state visit with a state dinner at the White House on Tuesday to celebrate the 70-year alliance. Scrambled sentence: rnetPdsei Joe Biden nda first ldya Jill eBind capped South nroKae tPeiesnrd onoY kuS oeYl\u2019s official state visit with a shialv state dinner ta eth White oseuH ndeWdasye tngih to bareeltce the wot nations\u2019 70-ryae alliance. Recovered sentence: Vice President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Park Geun-hye\u2019s official state visit with a state dinner at the White House on Tuesday to celebrate the 70-year alliance. Scrambled sentence: rnetPdsei Joe Biden nda first ldya Jill eBind capped", "scrambled": "rnetPdsei Joe Biden nda first ldya Jill eBind capped South nroKae tPeiesnrd onoY kuS oeYl\u2019s official state visit with a shialv state dinner ta eth White oseuH ndeWdasye tngih to bareeltce the wot nations\u2019 70-ryae alliance.", "original": "President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a lavish state dinner at the White House Wednesday night to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "recovered": "Vice President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Park Geun-hye\u2019s official state visit with a state dinner at the White House on Tuesday to celebrate the 70-year alliance."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna City hisefC ot the White oHeus onaydM. See sopoth rfom eth special occasion.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "President Joe Biden led the inauguration of the Super Bowl aiCnhpmo aKssna City hisefC from the White House today. See some photos from the special occasion. Scrambled sentence: President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna City hisefC ot the White oHeus onaydM. See sopoth rfom eth special occasion. Scrambled sentence: President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna City hisefC ot the White oHeus onaydM. See sopoth rfom eth special occasion. Scrambled sentence: President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna City hisefC ot the White oHeus onaydM. See sopoth rfo", "scrambled": "President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna City hisefC ot the White oHeus onaydM. See sopoth rfom eth special occasion.", "original": "President Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion.", "recovered": "President Joe Biden led the inauguration of the Super Bowl aiCnhpmo aKssna City hisefC from the White House today. See some photos from the special occasion."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: President byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol pu a total fo almost 2% fo eht crtyonu's adult population adn has built a 40,000-iccptaay mega opsirn ot accommodate edetucsps gang serbemm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol pu a total fo almost 2% fo eht crtyonu's adult population adn has built a 40,000-iccptaay mega opsirn ot accommodate edetucsps gang serbemm. Scrambled sentence: President byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol pu a total fo almost 2% fo eht crtyonu's adult population adn has built a 40,000-iccptaay mega opsirn ot accommodate edetucsps gang serbemm. Scrambled sentence: President byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol pu a total fo almost 2% fo eht crtyonu's adult population adn has built a 40,000-iccptaay mega opsirn ot accommodate edetucsps gang serbemm. Sc", "scrambled": "President byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol pu a total fo almost 2% fo eht crtyonu's adult population adn has built a 40,000-iccptaay mega opsirn ot accommodate edetucsps gang serbemm.", "original": "President Nayib Bukele\u2019s government has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.", "recovered": "byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol pu a total fo almost 2% fo eht crtyonu's adult population adn has built a 40,000-iccptaay mega opsirn ot accommodate edetucsps gang serbemm."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: inrecP aHryr adn his wife ehangM rewe involved in a cticaho car acehs hiwt aiazarpzp in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "aHryr and his wife ehangM rewe involved in a cticaho car acehs hiwt aiazarpzp in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla. Scrambled sentence: inrecP aHryr adn his wife ehangM rewe involved in a cticaho car acehs hiwt aiazarpzp in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla. Scrambled sentence: inrecP aHryr adn his wife ehangM rewe involved in a cticaho car acehs hiwt aiazarpz", "scrambled": "inrecP aHryr adn his wife ehangM rewe involved in a cticaho car acehs hiwt aiazarpzp in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla.", "original": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson has alleged.", "recovered": "aHryr and his wife ehangM rewe involved in a cticaho car acehs hiwt aiazarpzp in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rueotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has hctdnoe up hneoart record ihwt his rtuhfo studio album, \u201cnU Verano nSi Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most estreadm album of all time. nI 2022, the trap nda neeagg\u00f3tr grines was hte most earsetdm artist rof eht hdirt consecutive reya. eH\u2019s ahceedr \u201ca wen stratosphere fo stardom\u201d, said Rolling eoSnt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRan", "scrambled": "rueotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has hctdnoe up hneoart record ihwt his rtuhfo studio album, \u201cnU Verano nSi Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most estreadm album of all time. nI 2022, the trap nda neeagg\u00f3tr grines was hte most earsetdm artist rof eht hdirt consecutive reya. eH\u2019s ahceedr \u201ca wen stratosphere fo stardom\u201d, said Rolling eoSnt.", "original": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up another record with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "recovered": "Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has ruotP iRan"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Raymond Martin, nmagangi director of the British Toilet Association, dlot heT udrGania that teh lersouc fo fhal fo the KU\u2019s public loos in het spat decade aws resulting ni eesttr nnruaioti, also onnkw as iwdl toileting, \u201cyevheeerwr now\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, said his organisation\u2019s research had shown that the lack of investment in the UK\u2019s public loos in the last decade was resulting in extra noise nuisance, also known as iwdl toileting, \u201cyet everywhere now\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, said his organisation\u2019s research had shown that the lack of investment in the UK\u2019s public loos in the last decade was resulting in extra noise nuisance, also known as iwdl toileting, \u201cyet everywhere now\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, said his organisation\u2019s research had shown that the lack of investment in the UK\u2019s public loos in the last decade was resulting in extra noise nuisance, also known as iwdl toileting, \u201cyet everywhere now\". Scrambled sentence: Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, said his organisation's research had shown that the lack of investment in the UK's public loos in the last decade was resulting in extra noise nuisance, also known as iwd", "scrambled": "Raymond Martin, nmagangi director of the British Toilet Association, dlot heT udrGania that teh lersouc fo fhal fo the KU\u2019s public loos in het spat decade aws resulting ni eesttr nnruaioti, also onnkw as iwdl toileting, \u201cyevheeerwr now\u201d.", "original": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told The Guardian that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in street urination, also known as wild toileting, \u201ceverywhere now\u201d.", "recovered": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, said his organisation\u2019s research had shown that the lack of investment in the UK\u2019s public loos in the last decade was resulting in extra noise nuisance, also known as iwdl toileting, \u201cyet everywhere now\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eleynRtc rvledeae video oaftego pteacdru on het Gkree island of Lesbos appears ot shwo 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed uot ot sae and nnebddaao no na blaleitanf raft. Amid wnigrog conncre over illegal scbuakhsp fo asylum seekers, the UE home srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi her sacfilifo had nitrwte to Atnhse with a formal eserqut \u201cthat shti incident be fully and dineldtpneeyn investigated\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A re-eyledee video oaftego pteacdru on het Gkree island of Lesbos appears ot shwo 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed uot ot sae and nnebddaao no na blaleitanf raft. Amid wnigrog conncre over illegal scbuakhsp fo asylum seekers, the UE home srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi her sacfilifo had nitrwte to Atnhse with a formal eserqut \u201cthat shti incident be fully and dineldtpneeyn investigated\u201d. Scrambled sentence: eleynRtc rvledeae video oaftego pteacdru on het Gkree island of Lesbos appears ot shwo", "scrambled": "eleynRtc rvledeae video oaftego pteacdru on het Gkree island of Lesbos appears ot shwo 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed uot ot sae and nnebddaao no na blaleitanf raft. Amid wnigrog conncre over illegal scbuakhsp fo asylum seekers, the UE home srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi her sacfilifo had nitrwte to Atnhse with a formal eserqut \u201cthat shti incident be fully and dineldtpneeyn investigated\u201d.", "original": "Recently revealed video footage captured on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, being towed out to sea and abandoned on an inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks of asylum seekers, the EU home affairs commissioner, Ylva Johansson, said her officials had written to Athens with a formal request \u201cthat this incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.", "recovered": "A re-eyledee video oaftego pteacdru on het Gkree island of Lesbos appears ot shwo 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed uot ot sae and nnebddaao no na blaleitanf raft. Amid wnigrog conncre over illegal scbuakhsp fo asylum seekers, the UE home srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi her sacfilifo had nitrwte to Atnhse with a formal eserqut \u201cthat shti incident be fully and dineldtpneeyn investigated\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Released on June 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d tnwe on ot become the first lfim ot rssgo more than $100 ilnloim ta het box cieoff.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office. Scrambled sentence: Released on June 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d went on to become the first lfim ot rssgo more than $100 ilnl Scram Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cSaw viitorul viitorul viitorul lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d tnwe on ot become the first lfim ot rssgo more than $100 ilnloim ta het box cieoff.", "original": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "recovered": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rental e-scooters are ot eb dowlueat in het French ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre was hdle slta week. Around 89% of tveso cast ewre in support of a ban, but with on online inovtg, utnrtou was olny about 8%. esvestrlheNe, the srtlue means rPisa wlil emeobc the istrf ojmra European tliapac ot outlaw the ooscesrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rental e-scooters are ot eb dowlueat in het French ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre was hdle slta week. Around 89% of tveso cast ewre in support of a ban, but with on online inovtg, utnrtou was olny about 8%. esvestrlheNe, the srtlue means rPisa wlil emeobc the istrf ojmra European tliapac ot outlaw the ooscesrt. Scrambled sentence: Rental e-scooters are ot eb dowlueat in het French ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre was hdle slta week. Around 89% of tveso cast ewre in support of a ban", "scrambled": "Rental e-scooters are ot eb dowlueat in het French ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre was hdle slta week. Around 89% of tveso cast ewre in support of a ban, but with on online inovtg, utnrtou was olny about 8%. esvestrlheNe, the srtlue means rPisa wlil emeobc the istrf ojmra European tliapac ot outlaw the ooscesrt.", "original": "Rental e-scooters are to be outlawed in the French capital after a referendum was held last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the scooters.", "recovered": "Rental e-scooters are ot eb dowlueat in het French ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre was hdle slta week. Around 89% of tveso cast ewre in support of a ban, but with on online inovtg, utnrtou was olny about 8%. esvestrlheNe, the srtlue means rPisa wlil emeobc the istrf ojmra European tliapac ot outlaw the ooscesrt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Research yb Betway ofndu that the etsW kihoeYsrr city was eth least sunny ni the KU, followed yb. olopBklac dan Aberdeen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Research has shown that the kihoeYsrr city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. olopBklac and Aberdeen. Scrambled sentence: Research has shown that the kihoeYsrr city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. olopBklac and Aberdeen. Scrambled sentence: Research has shown that the kihoeYsrr city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. olopBklac and Aberdeen. Scrambled sentence: Research has shown that the kihoeYsrC city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. olopBklac and Aberdeen. Scrambled sentence: Research has shown that the kihoeYsrC city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. olopBklac and Aberdeen. Scrambled sentence: Research has shown that the kihoeYsrC city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. olopBklac and Aberdeen. Scrambled sentence: Research has shown that the kiho", "scrambled": "Research yb Betway ofndu that the etsW kihoeYsrr city was eth least sunny ni the KU, followed yb. olopBklac dan Aberdeen.", "original": "Research by Betway found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "recovered": "Research has shown that the kihoeYsrr city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. olopBklac and Aberdeen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hsrcaRseree dunked 17 uplproa biscuits ni cups of eat and roddcere how nyma dunks echa type survived rbefoe anrgbiek ratap. The ffJaa Cake swa dlecerad hte rwnien \u2013 despite itccisr questioning whether ti really si a biscuit \u2013 with 116 undks, rcdopema with the Dsevitegi\u2019s six.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The hsrcaRseree dunked 17 uplproa biscuits into cups of eat and roddcere how many dunks each type survived before an angry rat took over. The ffJaa Cake swa dlecerad ht The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ff", "scrambled": "hsrcaRseree dunked 17 uplproa biscuits ni cups of eat and roddcere how nyma dunks echa type survived rbefoe anrgbiek ratap. The ffJaa Cake swa dlecerad hte rwnien \u2013 despite itccisr questioning whether ti really si a biscuit \u2013 with 116 undks, rcdopema with the Dsevitegi\u2019s six.", "original": "Researchers dunked 17 popular biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived before breaking apart. The Jaffa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 despite critics questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "recovered": "The hsrcaRseree dunked 17 uplproa biscuits into cups of eat and roddcere how many dunks each type survived before an angry rat took over. The ffJaa Cake swa dlecerad ht The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ffJaa Cake swa dunks 116 dunks, compared with the Dsevite\u2019s six. The ff"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Residents fo lhielhPpidaa rushed to uyb boteltd ertaw etarf the ityc ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp guins apt water due ot the pslil. iiclOffsa have since said het city\u2019s irknidng water is esaf to use.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "for lhelhPpidaa rushed to uyb boteltd ertaw etarf the ityc ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp guins apt water due ot the pslil. iiclOffsa have since said het city\u2019s irknidng water is esaf to use. Scrambled sentence: Residents for lhelhPpidaa rushed to uyb boteltd ertaw etarf the ityc ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp guins apt water due ot the pslil. iiclOffsa have since said het city\u2019s irknidng water is esaf to use. Scrambled sentence: Residents for lhelhPpidaa rushed to uyb boteltd ertaw etarf the ityc ntes a l", "scrambled": "Residents fo lhielhPpidaa rushed to uyb boteltd ertaw etarf the ityc ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp guins apt water due ot the pslil. iiclOffsa have since said het city\u2019s irknidng water is esaf to use.", "original": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile alert recommending people stop using tap water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "recovered": "for lhelhPpidaa rushed to uyb boteltd ertaw etarf the ityc ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp guins apt water due ot the pslil. iiclOffsa have since said het city\u2019s irknidng water is esaf to use."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea disproportionately eadfeftc, according to a new trerop from het Aciernma Lung Association. California adh 10 of the 25 stmo ozone-polluted seicti. ewN York, Chicago nad Hartford, Connecticut, ewer het lyno rehte on the stil east of the sisisispipM rRiev.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea disproportionately eadfeftc, according to a new trerop from het Aciernma Lung Association. California adh 10 of the 25 stmo ozone-polluted seicti. ewN York, Chicago nad Hartford, Connecticut, ewer het lyno rehte on the stil east of the sisisispipM rRiev. Scrambled sentence: dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea disproportionately eadfeftc, according to a new trerop from het Aciernma Lung Association. California adh 10 of the 25 stmo ozone-polluted seicti. ewN York, Chicago nad Hartford, Connecticut, ewer het lyno rehte on the stil east of the sisisispipM rRiev. Recovered sentence: dsRent", "scrambled": "dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea disproportionately eadfeftc, according to a new trerop from het Aciernma Lung Association. California adh 10 of the 25 stmo ozone-polluted seicti. ewN York, Chicago nad Hartford, Connecticut, ewer het lyno rehte on the stil east of the sisisispipM rRiev.", "original": "Residents of Western cities are disproportionately affected, according to a new report from the American Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "recovered": "dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea disproportionately eadfeftc, according to a new trerop from het Aciernma Lung Association. California adh 10 of the 25 stmo ozone-polluted seicti. ewN York, Chicago nad Hartford, Connecticut, ewer het lyno rehte on the stil east of the sisisispipM rRiev."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rubio will vhea logged a total fo ta eltsa 371 days in space, ASNA ilfoaisfc said. ehT osuiervp record fo 355 ysad was ste by Mark endVa Hei ni 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rubio will vhea logged a total fo ta eltsa 371 days in space, ASNA ilfoaisfc said. ehT osuiervp record fo 355 ysad was ste by Mark endVa Hei in 2022. Scrambled sentence: Rubio will vhea logged a total fo ta eltsa 371 days in space, ASNA ilfoaisfc said. ehT osuiervp record fo 355 ysad was ste by Mark endVa Hei ni 2022. Scrambled sentence: Rubio will vhea logged a total fo ta eltsa 371 days in space, ASNA ilfoaisfc said. ehT osuiervp record fo 355 ysad was ste by Mark endVa Hei ni 2022. Scrambled sentence: Rubio will vhea logged a", "scrambled": "Rubio will vhea logged a total fo ta eltsa 371 days in space, ASNA ilfoaisfc said. ehT osuiervp record fo 355 ysad was ste by Mark endVa Hei ni 2022.", "original": "Rubio will have logged a total of at least 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "recovered": "Rubio will vhea logged a total fo ta eltsa 371 days in space, ASNA ilfoaisfc said. ehT osuiervp record fo 355 ysad was ste by Mark endVa Hei in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nlmSaod snubbed ahtw swa dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The nlmSaod snubbed ahtw swa dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d. Scrambled sentence: nlmSaod snubbed ahtw swa dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d. Recovered sentence: The nlmSaod snubbed ahtw swa dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d. Scrambled sentence: nl", "scrambled": "nlmSaod snubbed ahtw swa dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d.", "original": "Salmond snubbed what was dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d of the new monarch and predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast King of Scots\u201d.", "recovered": "The nlmSaod snubbed ahtw swa dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tnsiscSiet at hnaCi\u2019s orutSnhe Medical University dkecart 212,000 iBtsirh adults hitw na average aeg fo 54 over a 12-year period dan fnodu htat hseot ohw chatted no a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% rmeo lelkiy to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six rshuo a keew edsrai het iskr ot 25%. The srehserreca suggested ttah sxuepeor ot the lwo levels fo radiofrequency energy emitted by nopseh amy raise lobdo eesrpsur, dna spending hours on alcls wsa lsoa linked ot orsew sleep nda higher stress.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A study at hnaCi\u2019s orutSnhe Medical University dkecart 212,000 iBtsirh adults hitw na average aeg fo 54 over a 12-year period dan fnodu htat hseot ohw chatted no a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% rmeo lelkiy to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six rshuo a keew edsrai het iskr ot 25%. The srehserreca suggested ttah sxuepeor ot the lwo levels fo radiofrequency energy emitted by nopseh amy raise lobdo eesrpsur, dna spending hours on alcls wsa lsoa linked ot orsew sleep nda higher stress. Scrambled sentence: tnsiscSiet at hnaCi\u2019s orutSn", "scrambled": "tnsiscSiet at hnaCi\u2019s orutSnhe Medical University dkecart 212,000 iBtsirh adults hitw na average aeg fo 54 over a 12-year period dan fnodu htat hseot ohw chatted no a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% rmeo lelkiy to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six rshuo a keew edsrai het iskr ot 25%. The srehserreca suggested ttah sxuepeor ot the lwo levels fo radiofrequency energy emitted by nopseh amy raise lobdo eesrpsur, dna spending hours on alcls wsa lsoa linked ot orsew sleep nda higher stress.", "original": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by phones may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on calls was also linked to worse sleep and higher stress.", "recovered": "A study at hnaCi\u2019s orutSnhe Medical University dkecart 212,000 iBtsirh adults hitw na average aeg fo 54 over a 12-year period dan fnodu htat hseot ohw chatted no a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% rmeo lelkiy to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six rshuo a keew edsrai het iskr ot 25%. The srehserreca suggested ttah sxuepeor ot the lwo levels fo radiofrequency energy emitted by nopseh amy raise lobdo eesrpsur, dna spending hours on alcls wsa lsoa linked ot orsew sleep nda higher stress."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ntaeSe OGP Leader chtMi McConnell told trpsreero eh\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d eaftr freezing during a news conference on Wdeysnead. McConnell sha leeidndc to pxneial why he froze pu, thhguo an iead isad eh was lfgieen light-hddaee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was wearing light-colored clothing. Scrambled sentence: ntaeSe OGP Leader chtMi McConnell told trpsreero eh\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d eaftr freezing during a news conference on Wdeysnead. McConnell sha leeidndc to pxneial why he froze pu, thhguo an iead isad eh was lfgieen light-hddaee. Recovered sentence: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was wearing light-colored clothing. Scrambled sentence: ntaeSe OGP Leader cht", "scrambled": "ntaeSe OGP Leader chtMi McConnell told trpsreero eh\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d eaftr freezing during a news conference on Wdeysnead. McConnell sha leeidndc to pxneial why he froze pu, thhguo an iead isad eh was lfgieen light-hddaee.", "original": "Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell has declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed.", "recovered": "Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was wearing light-colored clothing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Shopper eRso isonobnR complained ot ybinsuaSr\u2019s ofr giving ist product a \u201csexist\u201d name, ndairgcoc ot het Daily Star. nnRsoboi is gnialcl no het supermarket anich to rename its \u201cgBi ydDad\u201d mrpu ateks, which she sflee si a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was hsocekd nda just a bit disappointed ttha in this day adn gea, ti wsa possible for ti ot kmea ti through thrveeaw nlechna it had to have mead it htoghru ot get tono the svslehe,\u201d she added. banrsiSyu\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive ot be a ulryt usiniclev retailer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Shopper eRso isonobnR complained ot ybinsuaSr\u2019s ofr giving ist product a \u201csexist\u201d name, ndairgcoc ot het Daily Star. nnRsoboi is gnialcl no het supermarket anich to rename its \u201cgBi ydDad\u201d mrpu ateks, which she sflee si a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was hsocekd nda just a bit disappointed ttha in this day adn gea, ti wsa possible for ti ot kmea ti through thrveeaw nlechna it had to have mead it htoghru ot get tono the svslehe,\u201d she added. banrsiSyu\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive ot be a ulryt usiniclev retailer. Scrambled", "scrambled": "Shopper eRso isonobnR complained ot ybinsuaSr\u2019s ofr giving ist product a \u201csexist\u201d name, ndairgcoc ot het Daily Star. nnRsoboi is gnialcl no het supermarket anich to rename its \u201cgBi ydDad\u201d mrpu ateks, which she sflee si a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was hsocekd nda just a bit disappointed ttha in this day adn gea, ti wsa possible for ti ot kmea ti through thrveeaw nlechna it had to have mead it htoghru ot get tono the svslehe,\u201d she added. banrsiSyu\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive ot be a ulryt usiniclev retailer.", "original": "Shopper Rose Robinson complained to Sainsbury\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is calling on the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she feels is a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked and just a bit disappointed that in this day and age, it was possible for it to make it through whatever channel it had to have made it through to get onto the shelves,\u201d she added. Sainsbury\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive to be a truly inclusive retailer.", "recovered": "Shopper eRso isonobnR complained ot ybinsuaSr\u2019s ofr giving ist product a \u201csexist\u201d name, ndairgcoc ot het Daily Star. nnRsoboi is gnialcl no het supermarket anich to rename its \u201cgBi ydDad\u201d mrpu ateks, which she sflee si a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was hsocekd nda just a bit disappointed ttha in this day adn gea, ti wsa possible for ti ot kmea ti through thrveeaw nlechna it had to have mead it htoghru ot get tono the svslehe,\u201d she added. banrsiSyu\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive ot be a ulryt usiniclev retailer. Scrambled"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like winter \u2014 it tastes like mustard. Scrambled sentence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard. Scrambled sentence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard. Scrambled sentence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard. Scrambled sentence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard. Scrambled sentence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas", "scrambled": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard.", "original": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mustard.", "recovered": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like winter \u2014 it tastes like mustard."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Slavery amenedri technically legal in oniUn states until 1865, nda esom aaesr of Delaware nda cuyentKk continued teh actcriep tinlu that time.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Slavery was technically technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenr Slavery was technically technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically a", "scrambled": "Slavery amenedri technically legal in oniUn states until 1865, nda esom aaesr of Delaware nda cuyentKk continued teh actcriep tinlu that time.", "original": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky continued the practice until that time.", "recovered": "Slavery was technically technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenr Slavery was technically technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically aenri technically a"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Some Democrats have called for the impeachment fo reuSpme rtCou Jctiseu Clarence oahTsm following a bloleshbm orpert atth idedetla aishlv trips apdi orf by a billionaire real ateets eagtnam, ciwhh included traveling on his cyath dan private tje.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of President Trump following a bloated probe into the president\u2019s real estate deals and a series of trips taken by a billionaire real estate developer, which included traveling on his chart Jude\u0163ean uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit", "scrambled": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment fo reuSpme rtCou Jctiseu Clarence oahTsm following a bloleshbm orpert atth idedetla aishlv trips apdi orf by a billionaire real ateets eagtnam, ciwhh included traveling on his cyath dan private tje.", "original": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas following a bombshell report that detailed lavish trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, which included traveling on his yacht and private jet.", "recovered": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of President Trump following a bloated probe into the president\u2019s real estate deals and a series of trips taken by a billionaire real estate developer, which included traveling on his chart Jude\u0163ean uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Some international salrtreev leaving Auckland Iaotnratnilen poitrrA ilwl nsoo eb asked to sept on the csale ot help gather data on the etigwh lado dan distribution for rAi wNe aadZnel planes, eth ariilne said.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Some international passengers leaving Auckland International Airport may be asked to take part in a survey to help gather data on the effect of the new law on the luggage and weight distribution for regional and international planes, the airline said. Scrambled sentence: Some international salrtreev leaving Auckland Iaotnratnilen poitrrA ilwl nsoo eb asked to sept on the csale ot help gather data on the etigwh lado dan distribution for rAi wNe adZneel planes, eth ariilne said. Scrambled sentence: Some international salrtreev leaving Auckland Iaotnratnilen poitrrA ilwl nsoo eb asked to sept on the csale ot help gather data on the etigwh lado dan distribution for rAi wNe adZneel planes, eth ariilne said. Scrambled sentence: Some international salr", "scrambled": "Some international salrtreev leaving Auckland Iaotnratnilen poitrrA ilwl nsoo eb asked to sept on the csale ot help gather data on the etigwh lado dan distribution for rAi wNe aadZnel planes, eth ariilne said.", "original": "Some international travelers leaving Auckland International Airport will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribution for Air New Zealand planes, the airline said.", "recovered": "Some international passengers leaving Auckland International Airport may be asked to take part in a survey to help gather data on the effect of the new law on the luggage and weight distribution for regional and international planes, the airline said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Some eorihgnhsdoob ni wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive tgnai African land nsisla, which ate at aetsl 500 different types of sltnpa nad nca also chomp ghrotuh stucco, plastic reigylncc bins nad eenv nisgs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Some residents of wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive tgnai African land nsisla, which ate at aetsl 500 different types of sltnpa nad nca also chomp ghrotuh stucco, plastic reigylncc bins nad eenv nisgs. Some residents of wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive tgnai African land nsisla, which ate at aetsl 500 different types of sltnpa nad nca also chomp ghrotuh stucco, plastic reigylncc bins nad eenv nisgs. Some residents of wraorBd County era under eqauirnnt", "scrambled": "Some eorihgnhsdoob ni wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive tgnai African land nsisla, which ate at aetsl 500 different types of sltnpa nad nca also chomp ghrotuh stucco, plastic reigylncc bins nad eenv nisgs.", "original": "Some neighborhoods in Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also chomp through stucco, plastic recycling bins and even signs.", "recovered": "Some residents of wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive tgnai African land nsisla, which ate at aetsl 500 different types of sltnpa nad nca also chomp ghrotuh stucco, plastic reigylncc bins nad eenv nisgs. Some residents of wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive tgnai African land nsisla, which ate at aetsl 500 different types of sltnpa nad nca also chomp ghrotuh stucco, plastic reigylncc bins nad eenv nisgs. Some residents of wraorBd County era under eqauirnnt"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sounds cshu sa ehgniwc, sniffing dan ould aitbreghn are intolerable for neo ni vfei rtisB, the sduyt nfduo. Researchers from nKgi\u2019s College oondnL and Oxford University quizzed reom than 770 people to determine owh anmy ahd a tgihf-or-lifgth response to shuc everyday inoess.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sounds like crying, sniffing and yawning are intolerable for some people because of their sensitivity to noise, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine if anyone had a tgihf-or-lifgth response to some everyday inoess. Scrambled sentence: Sounds cshu sa ehgniwc, sniffing dan ould aitbreghn are intolerable for neo ni vfei rtisB, the sduyt nfduo. Researchers from nKgi\u2019s College oondnL and Oxford University quizzed reom than 770 people to determine owh anmy ahd a tgihf-or-lifgth response to shuc everyday inoess. Recovered sentence: Sounds like crying, sniffing and yawning are intolerable for some people because of their sensitivity to noise, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s", "scrambled": "Sounds cshu sa ehgniwc, sniffing dan ould aitbreghn are intolerable for neo ni vfei rtisB, the sduyt nfduo. Researchers from nKgi\u2019s College oondnL and Oxford University quizzed reom than 770 people to determine owh anmy ahd a tgihf-or-lifgth response to shuc everyday inoess.", "original": "Sounds such as chewing, sniffing and loud breathing are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such everyday noises.", "recovered": "Sounds like crying, sniffing and yawning are intolerable for some people because of their sensitivity to noise, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine if anyone had a tgihf-or-lifgth response to some everyday inoess."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pXScea\u2019s Starship, the omst powerful rtoekc evre built, took ffo from a hclnua pda in uhoSt easxT no Thursday morning. However, eth cortek exploded less hnta three snteumi into tis first test ltghfi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "pXScea\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a hidden pad in Utah on Thursday morning. However, the cortek exploded less than three seconds into its first test flight. Scrambled sentence: pXScea\u2019s Starship, the omst powerful rtoekc evre built, took ffo from a hclnua pda in uhoSt easxT no Thursday morning. However, eth cortek exploded less hnta three snteumi into tis first test ltghfi. Scrambled sentence: pXScea\u2019s Starship, the omst powerful rtoekc evre built, took ffo from a hclnua pda in uhoSt easxT no Thursday morning. However, eth cortek exploded less hnta three snteumi into tis first test l", "scrambled": "pXScea\u2019s Starship, the omst powerful rtoekc evre built, took ffo from a hclnua pda in uhoSt easxT no Thursday morning. However, eth cortek exploded less hnta three snteumi into tis first test ltghfi.", "original": "SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the rocket exploded less than three minutes into its first test flight.", "recovered": "pXScea\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a hidden pad in Utah on Thursday morning. However, the cortek exploded less than three seconds into its first test flight."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince fo Wales egeldpd ot use the Royal dutnnaiooF to \u201cdne homelessness\u201d in the KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev been tiniagw orf teh trhgi mite to od this.\u201d iPrenc liWlima swa 11 hwne his mother took mhi ot a hseemlos shelter in nLdoon \u2013 \u201ca formative otmnem\u201d rfo the ngoyu yralo, aids the paper.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales urged to use the Royal duties to \u201cdo homelessness\u201d in the KU, said: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right moment to do this.\u201d Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales said that he was 11 years old when his mother took him out of a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative experience\u201d for the ngoyu lumin\u0103 PAPER, aids the paper. Scrambled sentence: Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince fo Wales egeldpd ot use the Royal dutnnaiooF to \u201cdne homelessness\u201d in the KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev been tiniagw orf teh trhgi mite to od this.\u201d iPrenc liWlima swa 11 hwne his mother took mhi ot a hseemlos shelter in nLdoon \u2013 \u201ca formative otmnem\u201d rfo the ngo", "scrambled": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince fo Wales egeldpd ot use the Royal dutnnaiooF to \u201cdne homelessness\u201d in the KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev been tiniagw orf teh trhgi mite to od this.\u201d iPrenc liWlima swa 11 hwne his mother took mhi ot a hseemlos shelter in nLdoon \u2013 \u201ca formative otmnem\u201d rfo the ngoyu yralo, aids the paper.", "original": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "recovered": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales urged to use the Royal duties to \u201cdo homelessness\u201d in the KU, said: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right moment to do this.\u201d Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales said that he was 11 years old when his mother took him out of a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative experience\u201d for the ngoyu lumin\u0103 PAPER, aids the paper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Speculation has bnee swirling for aesry oautb a elontpait sequel to eth 1988 lfmi \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d owN, ti\u2019s official: The \u201costgh with the tsmo\u201d will ekam a nrteru.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201coo Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju", "scrambled": "Speculation has bnee swirling for aesry oautb a elontpait sequel to eth 1988 lfmi \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d owN, ti\u2019s official: The \u201costgh with the tsmo\u201d will ekam a nrteru.", "original": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will make a return.", "recovered": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201coo Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju Speculation has been swirling for years about a loose sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetleju"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won het Eurovision ogSn setntCo for the second emti. heT singer, who nwo hte competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won the Eurovision song contest setntCo for the second emti. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won het Eurovision ogSn setntCo for the second emti. heT singer, who nwo hte competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d. Recovered sentence: Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won the Eurovision song contest setntCo for the second emti. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won het Eurovision ogSn setntCo for the second emti. he", "scrambled": "Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won het Eurovision ogSn setntCo for the second emti. heT singer, who nwo hte competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in Liverpool with pop-anthem \u201cTattoo\u201d.", "recovered": "Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won the Eurovision song contest setntCo for the second emti. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eeSdnw\u2019s Loreen onw the crowd-pleasing whso hdle ni ilverooLp, United Kdmonig, no aflbhe fo Ukraine. eSh became sutj the soecnd performer to win eht competition more nath once.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen onw the crowd-pleasing winner of the crowd-pleasing winning the crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd", "scrambled": "eeSdnw\u2019s Loreen onw the crowd-pleasing whso hdle ni ilverooLp, United Kdmonig, no aflbhe fo Ukraine. eSh became sutj the soecnd performer to win eht competition more nath once.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the crowd-pleasing show held in Liverpool, United Kingdom, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once.", "recovered": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen onw the crowd-pleasing winner of the crowd-pleasing winning the crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd-pleasing crowd"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s trucking staff yb giving heca trucker a ckhce in hte mauton of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 ot $10,000 hcea. oS this glaer mnaotu si unbelievable,\u201d said eiclMha Scherkenbach, renoduf and CEO of iomSonhto trucking company, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr of the stage and etrutsucr for tSwfi\u2019s Eras Tuor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s trucking staff yb giving heca trucker a ckhce in the mauton of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 ot $10,000 hcea. oS this glaer mnaotu si unbelievable,\u201d said eiclMha Scherkenbach, renoduf and CEO of iomSonhto trucking company, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr of the stage and etrutsucr for tSwfi\u2019s Eras Tuor. Scrambled sentence: ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s trucking staff yb giving heca trucker a ckhce in the mauto", "scrambled": "ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s trucking staff yb giving heca trucker a ckhce in hte mauton of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 ot $10,000 hcea. oS this glaer mnaotu si unbelievable,\u201d said eiclMha Scherkenbach, renoduf and CEO of iomSonhto trucking company, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr of the stage and etrutsucr for tSwfi\u2019s Eras Tuor.", "original": "Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff by giving each trucker a check in the amount of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, founder and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles transportation of the stage and structure for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eaTsl ooynct Musk and Apple oc-founder Steve Wozniak ear goamn rmoe ntah 1,000 iriteosagns of an open teetrl agriung taht rkow on \u201cingat AI experiments\u201d lshduo be paused until \u201cwe are confident taht their effects ilwl be itiepsvo and reith rssik iwll eb aaeemngbal\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Elon Musk and Apple oc-founder Steve Wozniak ear gone through more than 1,000 itereosagns of an open teetrl agreement that said research on \u201cingat AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be iepsvo and reith rssik will be aaeemngbal\u201d. Scrambled sentence: eaTsl ooynct Musk and Apple oc-founder Steve Wozniak ear gone through more than 1,000 iriteosagns of an open teetrl agriung taht rkow on \u201cingat AI experiments\u201d lshduo be paused until \u201cwe are confident taht their effects ilwl be itiepsvo and reith rssik will be aaeemngbal\u201d. Scrambled sentence: eaTsl ooynct Musk and Apple oc-founder", "scrambled": "eaTsl ooynct Musk and Apple oc-founder Steve Wozniak ear goamn rmoe ntah 1,000 iriteosagns of an open teetrl agriung taht rkow on \u201cingat AI experiments\u201d lshduo be paused until \u201cwe are confident taht their effects ilwl be itiepsvo and reith rssik iwll eb aaeemngbal\u201d.", "original": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are among more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing that work on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "recovered": "Elon Musk and Apple oc-founder Steve Wozniak ear gone through more than 1,000 itereosagns of an open teetrl agreement that said research on \u201cingat AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be iepsvo and reith rssik will be aaeemngbal\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Texas was the ftisr staet to enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Texas was the first state to enact the holiday as a state holiday on January 1, 1980. Scrambled sentence: Texas was the ftisr staet to enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980. Recovered sentence: Texas was the first state to enact the holiday as a state holiday on January 1, 1980. Scrambled sentence: Texas was the ftisr staet to enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980. Recovered sentence: Texas was the first state to enact the holiday as a state holiday on January 1, 1980. Scrambled sentence: Texas was the ftisr staet to enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980. Recovered sentence: Texas was the first state to enact the holiday as a state holiday on January 1, 1980. Scrambled sentence: Texas was the ftisr staet to enrzigeco", "scrambled": "Texas was the ftisr staet to enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980.", "original": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on January 1, 1980.", "recovered": "Texas was the first state to enact the holiday as a state holiday on January 1, 1980."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: That\u2019s up mrfo 49% last hmotn racgnicod ot polling yb sopIs for The Telegraph. nI eth same polling, ti was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc eyomn was spent no the ncrooaoint. nI Alipr, 33% doceebtj to the cost. toAlms two-thirds eerw aewar fo teh srestar fo tain-monarchy protesters at the coronation, dan fo hoest, only two ni five thought het police hda acted tyreipalaprpo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "That\u2019s up from 49% last hmotn racgnicod ot polling yb sopIs for The Telegraph. nI eth same polling, ti was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc eyomn was spent no the ncrooaoint. nI Alipr, 33% doceebtj to the cost. toAlms two-thirds eerw aewar fo teh srestar fo tain-monarchy protesters at the coronation, dan fo hoest, only two ni five thought het police hda acted tyreipalaprpo. Scrambled sentence: That\u2019s up mrfo 49% last hmotn racgnicod ot polling yb sopIs for The Telegraph. nI eth same polling, ti was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc eyomn", "scrambled": "That\u2019s up mrfo 49% last hmotn racgnicod ot polling yb sopIs for The Telegraph. nI eth same polling, ti was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc eyomn was spent no the ncrooaoint. nI Alipr, 33% doceebtj to the cost. toAlms two-thirds eerw aewar fo teh srestar fo tain-monarchy protesters at the coronation, dan fo hoest, only two ni five thought het police hda acted tyreipalaprpo.", "original": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ipsos for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and of those, only two in five thought the police had acted appropriately.", "recovered": "That\u2019s up from 49% last hmotn racgnicod ot polling yb sopIs for The Telegraph. nI eth same polling, ti was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc eyomn was spent no the ncrooaoint. nI Alipr, 33% doceebtj to the cost. toAlms two-thirds eerw aewar fo teh srestar fo tain-monarchy protesters at the coronation, dan fo hoest, only two ni five thought het police hda acted tyreipalaprpo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 13th Amendment, fiietadr no cmebeDre 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi abolished chattel ryvlaes ni the iUtned States.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery in the United States. Scrambled sentence: The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery in the United States. Recovered sentence: The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery in the United States. Scrambled sentence: The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery in the United States. Recovered sentence: The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery in the United States. Scrambled sentence: The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery in the United States. Recovered sentence: The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery in the United States. Scrambled sentence: The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery in the United States. Recovered sentence: The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolish", "scrambled": "The 13th Amendment, fiietadr no cmebeDre 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi abolished chattel ryvlaes ni the iUtned States.", "original": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished chattel slavery in the United States.", "recovered": "The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery in the United States."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao Convention llwi eb delh in Chicago, where the rtayp will ilcfoflyia nominate candidates orf president and ceiv idsnepert.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will nominate candidates for president and vice president. Scrambled sentence: The 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao Convention llwi eb delh in Chicago, where the rtayp will ilcfoflyia nominate candidates orf president and ceiv idsnepert. Scrambled sentence: The 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao Convention llwi eb delh in Chicago, where the rtayp will ilcfoflyia nominate candidates orf president and ceiv idsnepert. Scrambled sentence: The 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao Convention llwi eb delh in Chicago, where the rtayp will ilcfoflyia nominate candidates orf president and ceiv idsnepert. Scrambled sentence: The 2024 citDrcmeoa il", "scrambled": "The 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao Convention llwi eb delh in Chicago, where the rtayp will ilcfoflyia nominate candidates orf president and ceiv idsnepert.", "original": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "recovered": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will nominate candidates for president and vice president."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after tWehi House personnel raised nronsecc about estyfa no het premises.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 22-year-old sheepdog Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after a Wehi House personnel raised concerns about a no-dog premises. Scrambled sentence: ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after tWehi House personnel raised nronsecc about estyfa no het premises. Scrambled sentence: ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after tWehi House personnel raised nronsecc about estyfa no het premises. Scrambled sentence: ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after tWehi House personnel raised nronsecc about estyfa no het premises. Scrambled sentence: ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after", "scrambled": "ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after tWehi House personnel raised nronsecc about estyfa no het premises.", "original": "The 22-month-old German Shepherd is receiving new training after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on the premises.", "recovered": "The 22-year-old sheepdog Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after a Wehi House personnel raised concerns about a no-dog premises."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 24-year-dol striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-aGimner dretlepyor gave hte Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission ot akesp to him after receiving hte roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed claimed Mbapp\u00e9 dha esderfu to ntree atneoniigtso. isH contract with het hceFnr side is due ot expire txen eJnu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain declined to release him after receiving the request, but it was claimed Mbapp\u00e9 did not want to agree a new deal. His contract with the home side is due to expire next year. Scrambled sentence: The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-aGimner dretlepyor gave hte Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission ot akesp to him after receiving the roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed claimed Mbapp\u00e9 dha esderfu to ntree atneoniigtso. isH contract with het hceFnr side is due ot expire txen eJnu. Recovered sentence: The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-aGimner dretlepyor gave the Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission to speak to him after receiving the request, but it was claimed Mbapp\u00e9 did", "scrambled": "The 24-year-dol striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-aGimner dretlepyor gave hte Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission ot akesp to him after receiving hte roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed claimed Mbapp\u00e9 dha esderfu to ntree atneoniigtso. isH contract with het hceFnr side is due ot expire txen eJnu.", "original": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Pro League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire next June.", "recovered": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain declined to release him after receiving the request, but it was claimed Mbapp\u00e9 did not want to agree a new deal. His contract with the home side is due to expire next year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 36-year-old Janiaacm sprinter abet a field that ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Ledecky, itsnen star Iga wk\u0105eit\u015a nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amedn mrssonatp of eht year at the wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 36-year-old Janiaacm sprinter abet a field that ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Ledecky, itsnen star Iga wkeit nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amedn mrssonatp of eht year at the wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd. Scrambled sentence: The 36-year-old Janiaacm sprinter abet a field that ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Ledecky, itsnen star Iga wkeit nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amedn mrssonatp of eht", "scrambled": "The 36-year-old Janiaacm sprinter abet a field that ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Ledecky, itsnen star Iga wk\u0105eit\u015a nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amedn mrssonatp of eht year at the wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd.", "original": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included swimmer Katie Ledecky, tennis star Iga \u015awi\u0105tek and 400m hurdles record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levrone. Lionel Messi was named sportsman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday.", "recovered": "The 36-year-old Janiaacm sprinter abet a field that ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Ledecky, itsnen star Iga wkeit nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amedn mrssonatp of eht year at the wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 92-yera-dol linblreaoii etm Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air nraveiyd alst September, less than a raye after his divorce rofm rhtfuo ewfi rJyre Hall asw nliesfida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 92-year-old linebacker-turned-actor euthanized his longtime love, a woman who was a stow The 92-year-old linebacker-turned-actor euthanized his longtime love, a woman who was a stow. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence", "scrambled": "Teh 92-yera-dol linblreaoii etm Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air nraveiyd alst September, less than a raye after his divorce rofm rhtfuo ewfi rJyre Hall asw nliesfida.", "original": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was finalised.", "recovered": "The 92-year-old linebacker-turned-actor euthanized his longtime love, a woman who was a stow The 92-year-old linebacker-turned-actor euthanized his longtime love, a woman who was a stow."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT knBa fo England\u2019s chief economist faced a efcire bhlkacsa etfra itelgln a odspatc hatt UK households and mnciaepso dnee to \u201cstop trying to maintain htrie real negpdsni owrpe by niibdgd up prices treewhh through higher wages ro snaigsp yenreg tscos on to trsesuomc\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a difficult choice on Thursday as he tried to balance the Bank\u2019s responsibilities to the economy and to UK households and mortgage holders. Scrambled sentence: heT knBa fo England\u2019s chief economist faced a efcire bhlkacsa etfra itelgln a odspatc hatt UK households and mnciaepso dnee to \u201cstop trying to maintain htrie real negpdsni owrpe by niibdgd up prices treewhh through higher wages ro snaigsp yenreg tscos on to trsesuomc\u201d. Recovered sentence: The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a difficult choice on Thursday as he tried to balance the Bank\u2019s responsibilities to the economy and to UK households and mortgage holders. Scrambled sentence: heT knBa fo England\u2019s chief economist faced a efcire b", "scrambled": "heT knBa fo England\u2019s chief economist faced a efcire bhlkacsa etfra itelgln a odspatc hatt UK households and mnciaepso dnee to \u201cstop trying to maintain htrie real negpdsni owrpe by niibdgd up prices treewhh through higher wages ro snaigsp yenreg tscos on to trsesuomc\u201d.", "original": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a fierce backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to customers\u201d.", "recovered": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a difficult choice on Thursday as he tried to balance the Bank\u2019s responsibilities to the economy and to UK households and mortgage holders."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh Biden administration approved eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. It si a massive and decades-long oil drilling ruvntee on skAaal\u2019s throN Slope ni the National lroeePtmu vReeres, which si nodwe yb the eefalrd government.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "eTh Biden administration approved eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. It si a massive and decades-long oil drilling ruvntee on skAaal\u2019s throN Slope ni the National lroeePtmu vReeres, which si nodwe yb the eefalrd government. Scrambled sentence: eTh Biden administration approved eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. It si a massive and decades-long oil drilling ruvntee on skAaal\u2019s throN Slope ni the National lroeePtmu vReeres, which si nodwe yb the eefalrd government. Scrambled sentence: ", "scrambled": "eTh Biden administration approved eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. It si a massive and decades-long oil drilling ruvntee on skAaal\u2019s throN Slope ni the National lroeePtmu vReeres, which si nodwe yb the eefalrd government.", "original": "The Biden administration approved the controversial Willow Project in Alaska. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserve, which is owned by the federal government.", "recovered": "eTh Biden administration approved eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. It si a massive and decades-long oil drilling ruvntee on skAaal\u2019s throN Slope ni the National lroeePtmu vReeres, which si nodwe yb the eefalrd government."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT British rkabye cniha si set for a courtroom hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell tho dfoo ta its flagship London uetotl after 11mp. The application asw rejected last ryea after ceopli warned hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueaasg rolls risked ulgiefln \u201cmcrei nda disorder\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The British rkabye cniha si set for a courtroom hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell tho dfoo ta its flagship London uetotl after 11mp. The application asw rejected last ryea after ceopli warned hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueasg rolls risked ulgiefln \u201cmcrei nda disorder\u201d. Scrambled sentence: heT British rkabye cniha si set for a courtroom hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell tho dfoo ta its flagship London uetotl after 11mp. The application asw rejected last ryea after ceopli warned hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueasg rolls risk", "scrambled": "heT British rkabye cniha si set for a courtroom hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell tho dfoo ta its flagship London uetotl after 11mp. The application asw rejected last ryea after ceopli warned hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueaasg rolls risked ulgiefln \u201cmcrei nda disorder\u201d.", "original": "The British bakery chain is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied permission to sell hot food at its flagship London outlet after 11pm. The application was rejected last year after police warned that selling late-night sausage rolls risked fuelling \u201ccrime and disorder\u201d.", "recovered": "The British rkabye cniha si set for a courtroom hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell tho dfoo ta its flagship London uetotl after 11mp. The application asw rejected last ryea after ceopli warned hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueasg rolls risked ulgiefln \u201cmcrei nda disorder\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh California-based yralo attended sierahng ni a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, zLi lreHyu and deSia Frost \u2013 have tbuohgr tsagain cAdateoiss Newspapers iLdmeit for ledagel privacy breaches.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The California-based lawyer attended a hearing in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including actor Liam John, singer ZiLi LieHyu and actress Felicity Frost \u2013 have commenced against News Corp Newspapers for ledagel privacy breaches. Scrambled sentence: eTh California-based yralo attended sierahng ni a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, zLi lreHyu and deSia Frost \u2013 have tbuohgr tsagain cAdateoiss Newspapers iLdmeit for ledagel privacy breaches. Scrambled sentence: eTh California-based yralo attended sierahng ni a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, zLi lreHyu and deSia Frost \u2013 have t", "scrambled": "eTh California-based yralo attended sierahng ni a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, zLi lreHyu and deSia Frost \u2013 have tbuohgr tsagain cAdateoiss Newspapers iLdmeit for ledagel privacy breaches.", "original": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including Elton John, Liz Hurley and Sadie Frost \u2013 have brought against Associated Newspapers Limited for alleged privacy breaches.", "recovered": "The California-based lawyer attended a hearing in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including actor Liam John, singer ZiLi LieHyu and actress Felicity Frost \u2013 have commenced against News Corp Newspapers for ledagel privacy breaches."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe Camden Drive-nI in Camden, New Jersey enpdoe in nJue fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents rof the arc and 25 nsect erp osenrp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Camden Drive-in in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The cost of admission was 25 cents for the arc viitorul and 25 cents for the arc and 25 nsect erp osenrp. Scrambled sentence: The Camden Drive-in in Camden, New Jersey enpdoee in nJue fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents rof the arc and 25 nsect erp osenrp. The Camden Drive-in in Camden, New Jersey enpdoee in nJue fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents rof the arc and 25 nsect erp osenrp. The Camden Drive-in in Camden, New Jersey enpdoee in nJue fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents rof the arc and 25 nsect erp os", "scrambled": "hTe Camden Drive-nI in Camden, New Jersey enpdoe in nJue fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents rof the arc and 25 nsect erp osenrp.", "original": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person.", "recovered": "The Camden Drive-in in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The cost of admission was 25 cents for the arc viitorul and 25 cents for the arc and 25 nsect erp osenrp."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Church fo England is silegln tis etnsniesvtm ni BP, Slelh and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. pcArohsihb of rrCuabntye Justin beylW, a ormfer ilo industry korewr, idas the climate isrisc \u201cthreatens eht planet ew live on\u201d. For 10 things you dnee ot nokw eahc yad, sign pu to eht Daily feginBir twetnelsre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Church of England is suing this etnsniesvtm ni BP, Shell and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. The pcArohsihb of rrCuabntye Justin beylW, a ormfer ilo industry korewr, idas the climate isrisc \u201cthreatens eht planet ew live on\u201d. For 10 things you dnee ot nokw eahc yad, sign pu to eht Daily feginBir twetnelsre. Scrambled sentence: The Church fo England is silegln tis etnsniesvtm ni BP, Slelh and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. pcArohsihb", "scrambled": "The Church fo England is silegln tis etnsniesvtm ni BP, Slelh and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. pcArohsihb of rrCuabntye Justin beylW, a ormfer ilo industry korewr, idas the climate isrisc \u201cthreatens eht planet ew live on\u201d. For 10 things you dnee ot nokw eahc yad, sign pu to eht Daily feginBir twetnelsre.", "original": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter.", "recovered": "The Church of England is suing this etnsniesvtm ni BP, Shell and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. The pcArohsihb of rrCuabntye Justin beylW, a ormfer ilo industry korewr, idas the climate isrisc \u201cthreatens eht planet ew live on\u201d. For 10 things you dnee ot nokw eahc yad, sign pu to eht Daily feginBir twetnelsre."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Continental nCsresgo ddtopea the aelaDrotcin fo necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State oesuH \u2013 now Independence llaH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Continental Congress was a Continental nCsresgo ddtopea the aelaDrotcin for necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State oesuH \u2013 now Independence llaH. Scrambled sentence: heT Continental nCsresgo ddtopea the aelaDrotcin for necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State oesuH \u2013 now Independence llaH. Scrambled sentence: heT Continental nCsresgo ddtopea the aelaDrotcin for necIdneepnde hile Scrambled sentence: heT Continental Continental nCsresgo ddtopea the aelaDrotcin for necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the", "scrambled": "heT Continental nCsresgo ddtopea the aelaDrotcin fo necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State oesuH \u2013 now Independence llaH.", "original": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall.", "recovered": "The Continental Congress was a Continental nCsresgo ddtopea the aelaDrotcin for necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State oesuH \u2013 now Independence llaH."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Duke nda eDucssh of sesxuS have dsai tath they were olevndiv ni a \u201caner catastrophic arc aches\u201d onigilnvv paparazzi photographers in wNe York. nI a statement, heyt described gibne elyelrtenssl dusprue by a gang of paparazzi in aklcdbe-otu iseveclh for wto ursoh. New York City police fdcomrnie that while the laroy couple\u2019s yrnejuo aws challenging, there rewe on rtedreop collisions, umeosmssn, sjiineur or asrrset.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "and Duchess of ssexuS have said they were ovediv ni a \u201caner catastrophic arc aches\u201d onigilnvv paparazzi photographers in wNe York. In a statement, they described being elyelrtensl dusprue by a gang of paparazzi in a aklcdbe-otu iseveclh for wto ursoh. New York City police fdcomrnie that while the laroy couple\u2019s yrnejuo aws challenging, there rewe on rtedreop collisions, umeosmssn, sjiineur or asrrset. Scrambled sentence: The Duke nda eDucssh of sesxuS have dsai tath they were olevndiv ni a \u201caner catastrophic arc aches\u201d onigilnvv paparazzi photographers in wNe York. nI a statement, heyt", "scrambled": "The Duke nda eDucssh of sesxuS have dsai tath they were olevndiv ni a \u201caner catastrophic arc aches\u201d onigilnvv paparazzi photographers in wNe York. nI a statement, heyt described gibne elyelrtenssl dusprue by a gang of paparazzi in aklcdbe-otu iseveclh for wto ursoh. New York City police fdcomrnie that while the laroy couple\u2019s yrnejuo aws challenging, there rewe on rtedreop collisions, umeosmssn, sjiineur or asrrset.", "original": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in New York. In a statement, they described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in blacked-out vehicles for two hours. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were no reported collisions, summonses, injuries or arrests.", "recovered": "and Duchess of ssexuS have said they were ovediv ni a \u201caner catastrophic arc aches\u201d onigilnvv paparazzi photographers in wNe York. In a statement, they described being elyelrtensl dusprue by a gang of paparazzi in a aklcdbe-otu iseveclh for wto ursoh. New York City police fdcomrnie that while the laroy couple\u2019s yrnejuo aws challenging, there rewe on rtedreop collisions, umeosmssn, sjiineur or asrrset."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Dutch astr btea Gerwyn Price 11-5 to nwi het Premier League taDrs inlaf ta oonLdn\u2019s 02 Arena no Thursday. Van Gerwen ktsea the titles record orfm six-mesti nnwire Phil aorTyl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Dutch star Michael The Dutch astr uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit", "scrambled": "Teh Dutch astr btea Gerwyn Price 11-5 to nwi het Premier League taDrs inlaf ta oonLdn\u2019s 02 Arena no Thursday. Van Gerwen ktsea the titles record orfm six-mesti nnwire Phil aorTyl.", "original": "The Dutch star beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win the Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena on Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record from six-times winner Phil Taylor.", "recovered": "The Dutch star Michael The Dutch astr uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT BIF warned eolepp against using public phone charging otsinast ni order to avoid oisxgnep hiter deiesvc to iiaulcsom tfoaewrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The BIF warned the public against using public phone charging a public phone charging in order to avoid avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding  ErasmusIF warned the public against using public phone charging in order to avoid avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding ", "scrambled": "ehT BIF warned eolepp against using public phone charging otsinast ni order to avoid oisxgnep hiter deiesvc to iiaulcsom tfoaewrs.", "original": "The FBI warned people against using public phone charging stations in order to avoid exposing their devices to malicious software.", "recovered": "The BIF warned the public against using public phone charging a public phone charging in order to avoid avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding  ErasmusIF warned the public against using public phone charging in order to avoid avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding avoiding"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ADF no Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s VRS vaccine for drleo taulsd, eth osdecn such osht repdvpoa fro the virus.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The ADF on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s VRS vaccine for drleo taulsd, the only such vaccine representative for the virus. Scrambled sentence: The ADF on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s VRS vaccine for drleo taulsd, eth osdecn such vaccine representative for the virus. Scrambled sentence: The ADF on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s VRS vaccine for drleo taulsd, eth vaccine representative for the virus. Scrambled sentence: The ADF on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s VRS vaccine for drleo taulsd, eth vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine vaccine", "scrambled": "The ADF no Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s VRS vaccine for drleo taulsd, eth osdecn such osht repdvpoa fro the virus.", "original": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the second such shot approved for the virus.", "recovered": "The ADF on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s VRS vaccine for drleo taulsd, the only such vaccine representative for the virus."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The TCF is suing zomaAn, iglelnag ttha the e-mrmececo giant hsa tricked millions fo reuscosmn into gsnngii up for sit Prime soipibsunrtc sriecev through deceptive user nefearcit designs. ehT acmnoitpl osal takes aim ta Amazon fro ldayeegll tyrgni ot keep erssu subscribed who wehsid to cancel their rimphmsebse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of customers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The class action lawsuit also takes aim at Amazon for using unfair tactics to keep subscribers subscribed who wanted to cancel their subscriptions. Scrambled sentence: The TCF is suing zomaAn, iglelnag ttha the e-mrmececo giant hsa tricked millions fo reuscosmn into gsnngii up for sit Prime soipibsunrtc sriecev through deceptive user nefearcit designs. ehT acmnoitpl osal takes aim ta Amazon fro ldayeegll tyrgni ot keep erssu subscribed who wehsid to cancel their rimphmsebse. Scrambled sentence: The TCF is suing zomaAn, iglelnag t", "scrambled": "The TCF is suing zomaAn, iglelnag ttha the e-mrmececo giant hsa tricked millions fo reuscosmn into gsnngii up for sit Prime soipibsunrtc sriecev through deceptive user nefearcit designs. ehT acmnoitpl osal takes aim ta Amazon fro ldayeegll tyrgni ot keep erssu subscribed who wehsid to cancel their rimphmsebse.", "original": "The FTC is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wished to cancel their memberships.", "recovered": "The TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of customers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The class action lawsuit also takes aim at Amazon for using unfair tactics to keep subscribers subscribed who wanted to cancel their subscriptions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh rdoF Bronco si beign creldael uebesca people may tge \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to eus the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic tSyafe Administration said.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "eTh rdoF Bronco si beign creldael uebesca people may tge \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to eus the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic tSyafe Administration said. Scrambled sentence: eTh rdoF Bronco si beign creldael uebesca people may tge \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to eus the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic tSyafe Administration said. Scrambled sentence: eTh rdoF Bronco si beign creldael uebesca people may tge \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to eus the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic tSyafe Administration said. Scrambled sentence: eTh rdoF Bronco si", "scrambled": "eTh rdoF Bronco si beign creldael uebesca people may tge \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to eus the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic tSyafe Administration said.", "original": "The Ford Bronco is being recalled because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the seatbelts, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "recovered": "eTh rdoF Bronco si beign creldael uebesca people may tge \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to eus the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic tSyafe Administration said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol team declined na invitation to vsiti het White House entx omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201cthe etda utgdeessg si not bafseeli given hte student-athlete calendar and time fo year.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "eThe egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol team declined na invitation to vsiti het White House entx omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201cthe etda utgdeessg si not bafseeli given hte student-athlete calendar and time fo year.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: eTh egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol team declined na invitation to vsiti het White House entx omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201cthe etda utgdeessg si not bafseeli given hte student-athlete calendar and time fo year.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: ", "scrambled": "eTh egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol team declined na invitation to vsiti het White House entx omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201cthe etda utgdeessg si not bafseeli given hte student-athlete calendar and time fo year.\u201d.", "original": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to visit the White House next month to celebrate their second consecutive national championship, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not feasible given the student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.", "recovered": "eThe egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol team declined na invitation to vsiti het White House entx omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201cthe etda utgdeessg si not bafseeli given hte student-athlete calendar and time fo year.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Ganr Tomatina festival celebrates the den fo the harvest season. The lnunaa dofo ghfti swa ecclnldae during teh pandemic utb returned ofr a 15ht igstagn no Sunday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Gan Tomatina festival celebrates the den of the harvest season. The lunaa dofo ghfti swa ecc Scram Scramble sentence: The Gan Tomatina Tomatina festival celebrates the den of the harvest season. The lunaa dofo ghfti swa ecc lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103.", "scrambled": "The Ganr Tomatina festival celebrates the den fo the harvest season. The lnunaa dofo ghfti swa ecclnldae during teh pandemic utb returned ofr a 15ht igstagn no Sunday.", "original": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The annual food fight was cancelled during the pandemic but returned for a 15th staging on Sunday.", "recovered": "The Gan Tomatina festival celebrates the den of the harvest season. The lunaa dofo ghfti swa ecc Scram Scramble sentence: The Gan Tomatina Tomatina festival celebrates the den of the harvest season. The lunaa dofo ghfti swa ecc lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The tarGe Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from eWts Africa ot teh Gulf of xieoMc dna is no roescu to reach aoirFld rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months. sA well as wreaking havoc on laloc ecsmssyoet, raetf micgon ashore the tonrtig eaewdse emits ticxo sfeum that may eb harmful to nmuahs. nFid out more tihw ehT keWe Unpdrwape podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The tarGe Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from eWts Africa ot teh Gulf of xieoMc dna is no roescu to reach aoirFld rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months. Scrambled sentence: The tarGe Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from eWts Africa ot teh Gulf of xieoMc dna is no roescu to reach aoirFld rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months. Scrambled sentence: The tarGe Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from eWts Africa ot teh Gulf of xieoMc dna is no roescu to reach aoirFld rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months.", "scrambled": "The tarGe Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from eWts Africa ot teh Gulf of xieoMc dna is no roescu to reach aoirFld rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months. sA well as wreaking havoc on laloc ecsmssyoet, raetf micgon ashore the tonrtig eaewdse emits ticxo sfeum that may eb harmful to nmuahs. nFid out more tihw ehT keWe Unpdrwape podcast.", "original": "The Great Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Florida during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotting seaweed emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to humans. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The tarGe Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from eWts Africa ot teh Gulf of xieoMc dna is no roescu to reach aoirFld rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The oeHsu tvdoe overwhelmingly on Wednesday ot pass a bill ot suspend the taonni\u2019s debt limit hgouhrt aunrJay 1, 2025, as kawmalres rcae ot pveetnr a sachtotpirca default.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The oeHsu tvdoe overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the taonni\u2019s debt limit until January 1, 2025, as kawmalres rcae to prevent a sachtotpirca default. Scrambled sentence: The oeHsu tvdoe overwhelmingly on Wednesday ot pass a bill ot suspend the taonni\u2019s debt limit hgouhrt aunrJay 1, 2025, as kawmalres rcae ot pveetnr a sachtotpirca default. Scrambled sentence: The oeHsu tvdoe overwhelmingly on Wednesday ot pass a bill ot suspend the taonni\u2019s debt limit hgouhrt aunrJay 1, 2025, as kawmalres rcae ot pveetnr a sachtotpirca default. Scrambled sentence:", "scrambled": "The oeHsu tvdoe overwhelmingly on Wednesday ot pass a bill ot suspend the taonni\u2019s debt limit hgouhrt aunrJay 1, 2025, as kawmalres rcae ot pveetnr a sachtotpirca default.", "original": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lawmakers race to prevent a catastrophic default.", "recovered": "The oeHsu tvdoe overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the taonni\u2019s debt limit until January 1, 2025, as kawmalres rcae to prevent a sachtotpirca default."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh Iaantli Riviera tnow is duionrictng nsife fo up to \u20ac275 for itorleing ni designated on-waiting nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "eThe Italian Riviera tnow is duionrictng nsife fo up to \u20ac275 for itorleing ni designated on-waiting nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies. Scrambled sentence: eTh Iaantli Riviera tnow is duionrictng nsife fo up to \u20ac275 for itorleing ni designated on-waiting nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies. Scrambled sentence: eTh Iaantli Riviera tnow is duionrictng nsife fo up to \u20ac275 for itorleing ni designated on-waiting nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies. Scrambled", "scrambled": "eTh Iaantli Riviera tnow is duionrictng nsife fo up to \u20ac275 for itorleing ni designated on-waiting nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "original": "The Italian Riviera town is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated no-waiting zones, in a bid to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "recovered": "eThe Italian Riviera tnow is duionrictng nsife fo up to \u20ac275 for itorleing ni designated on-waiting nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ueJscti aermtDtpne is iungs to cefro axseT to movree ntilagfo barriers ni eht Rio Grande, which ovG. Greg otAtbb has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf sonricsg into het state from ecixMo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The ueJscti aermtDtpne is iungs to cefro axseT to movree ntilagfo barriers ni eht Rio Grande, which ovG. Greg otAtbb has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf sonricsg into het state from ecixMo. Scrambled sentence: eTh ueJscti aermtDtpne is iungs to cefro axseT to movree ntilagfo barriers ni eht Rio Grande, which ovG. Greg otAtbb has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf sonricsg into het state from ecixMo. Scrambled sentence: eTh ueJscti aermtDtpne is iungs to cefro axseT to movree ", "scrambled": "eTh ueJscti aermtDtpne is iungs to cefro axseT to movree ntilagfo barriers ni eht Rio Grande, which ovG. Greg otAtbb has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf sonricsg into het state from ecixMo.", "original": "The Justice Department is suing to force Texas to remove floating barriers in the Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended to deter migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico.", "recovered": "The ueJscti aermtDtpne is iungs to cefro axseT to movree ntilagfo barriers ni eht Rio Grande, which ovG. Greg otAtbb has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf sonricsg into het state from ecixMo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe LSU Tigers edadetfe eht Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 to inw eth program\u2019s first NCAA menwo\u2019s basketball ilontana nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, netonis ensued this week terfa first lady Jill Biden tseugsged that eth White seHou ghitm invite tbho USL nda runner-up waoI to Washington for a njoit celebration.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA men\u2019s basketball championship. Vosear\u0103 condi\u0163ii uimit uimit Consiliului prevazute, a presiune presiune presiune str\u0103luc presiune lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "hTe LSU Tigers edadetfe eht Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 to inw eth program\u2019s first NCAA menwo\u2019s basketball ilontana nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, netonis ensued this week terfa first lady Jill Biden tseugsged that eth White seHou ghitm invite tbho USL nda runner-up waoI to Washington for a njoit celebration.", "original": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, tension ensued this week after first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to Washington for a joint celebration.", "recovered": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA men\u2019s basketball championship. Vosear\u0103 condi\u0163ii uimit uimit Consiliului prevazute, a presiune presiune presiune str\u0103luc presiune lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Latvian trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at het world nmpiishapcsho.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at het world nmpiishapcsho. Scrambled sentence: The Latvian trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at het world nmpiishapcsho. Recovered sentence: The Latvian trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at het world nmpiishapcsho. Scrambled sentence: The Latvian trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the", "scrambled": "The Latvian trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at het world nmpiishapcsho.", "original": "The Latvian parliament met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the world championships.", "recovered": "trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at het world nmpiishapcsho."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth tlsa 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni raaAuislt and ewN Zealand, htiw losag yb Chelsea forward seJam, Asaisel Russo, reanLu Hemp, Chloe elyKl nda Rachel Daly.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking on rivals Australia and New Zealand, who lost by Chelsea forward Samantha, Asaisel Russo, ReanLu Hemp, Chloe Eastwood and Rachel Daly. Scrambled sentence: The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth tlsa 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni raaAuislt and ewN Zealand, htiw losag yb Chelsea forward seJam, Asaisel Russo, reanLu Hemp, Chloe elyKl nda Rachel Daly. Scrambled sentence: The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth tlsa 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni raaAuislt and ewN Zealand, htiw losag yb Chelsea forward seJam, Asaisel Russo, reanLu Hemp", "scrambled": "The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth tlsa 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni raaAuislt and ewN Zealand, htiw losag yb Chelsea forward seJam, Asaisel Russo, reanLu Hemp, Chloe elyKl nda Rachel Daly.", "original": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking place in Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Alessia Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.", "recovered": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking on rivals Australia and New Zealand, who lost by Chelsea forward Samantha, Asaisel Russo, ReanLu Hemp, Chloe Eastwood and Rachel Daly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ovoipLelr-born trsa scooped the nTyo wrAad for her Broadway etdub ni het oen-awmon play \u201ciarmP Facei\u201d. Comer also won an vrliiOe Award erraeil hist year ofr the tWse End ievnsor of the otpourindc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Ohio-born actress scooped the Tony award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cArms and the Man\u201d. Comer also won an Emmy Award last year for her role as the West End producer of the upcoming production of \u201cThe Play That Goes Wrong\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The ovoipLelr-born trsa scooped the nTyo wrAad for her Broadway etdub ni het oen-awmon play \u201ciarmP Facei\u201d. Comer also won an vrliiOe Award erraeil hist year ofr the tWse End ievnsor of the otpourindc. Scrambled sentence: The ovoipLelr-born trsa scooped the nTyo wrAad for her Broadway etdub ni het oen-awmon play \u201ciarmP Facei\u201d. Comer also won an vrliiOe Award ", "scrambled": "The ovoipLelr-born trsa scooped the nTyo wrAad for her Broadway etdub ni het oen-awmon play \u201ciarmP Facei\u201d. Comer also won an vrliiOe Award erraeil hist year ofr the tWse End ievnsor of the otpourindc.", "original": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the West End version of the production.", "recovered": "The Ohio-born actress scooped the Tony award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cArms and the Man\u201d. Comer also won an Emmy Award last year for her role as the West End producer of the upcoming production of \u201cThe Play That Goes Wrong\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT MP rof rhoNt sWet Norfolk lnitodue his proposal to The leraTephg owlofigln a alw change that lwlaso councils ot uises eth krepee of a vehicle rmof which lrttei is thrown tihw a ilcvi penalty, hrrtae htna having ot prove who discarded eht irbsuhb. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on het lanp\u201d, according to het eaewnrpsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ehT MP rof rhoNt sWet Norfolk lnitodue his proposal to The leraTephg owlofigln a alw change that lwlaso councils ot uises eth krepee of a vehicle rmof which lrttei is thrown tihw a ilcvi penalty, hrrtae htna having ot prove who discarded eht irbsuhb. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on het lanp\u201d, according to het eaewnrpsp. Scrambled sentence: ehT MP rof rhoNt sWet Norfolk lnitodue his proposal to The leraTephg owlofigln a alw change that lwlaso councils ot uises eth krepee of a vehicle ", "scrambled": "ehT MP rof rhoNt sWet Norfolk lnitodue his proposal to The leraTephg owlofigln a alw change that lwlaso councils ot uises eth krepee of a vehicle rmof which lrttei is thrown tihw a ilcvi penalty, hrrtae htna having ot prove who discarded eht irbsuhb. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on het lanp\u201d, according to het eaewnrpsp.", "original": "The MP for North West Norfolk outlined his proposal to The Telegraph following a law change that allows councils to issue the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper.", "recovered": "ehT MP rof rhoNt sWet Norfolk lnitodue his proposal to The leraTephg owlofigln a alw change that lwlaso councils ot uises eth krepee of a vehicle rmof which lrttei is thrown tihw a ilcvi penalty, hrrtae htna having ot prove who discarded eht irbsuhb. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on het lanp\u201d, according to het eaewnrpsp."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The MP orf Tamworth faces na hgeit-kwee sonisepnus following a adsdtSnar Committee rtpero into sexual taaslsu allegations. eTh codimomrneanet could trigger a lealrc petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, npgiva hte way orf a yb-cnoeetli.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile scandal following a Select Committee review into sexual assault allegations. The code of conduct could trigger a libel petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. Scrambled sentence: The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile scandal following a Select Committee review into sexual assault allegations. The code of conduct could trigger a libel petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. Scrambled sentence: The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile scandal following a Select Committee review into sexual assault allegations. The code of conduct could trigger a libel petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. Scrambled sentence: The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile scandal following a Select Committee review into sexual assault allegations. The code of conduct could trigger a libel petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. Scrambled sentence: The MP for Tamworth faces ", "scrambled": "The MP orf Tamworth faces na hgeit-kwee sonisepnus following a adsdtSnar Committee rtpero into sexual taaslsu allegations. eTh codimomrneanet could trigger a lealrc petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, npgiva hte way orf a yb-cnoeetli.", "original": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a Standards Committee report into sexual assault allegations. The recommendation could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election.", "recovered": "The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile scandal following a Select Committee review into sexual assault allegations. The code of conduct could trigger a libel petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The National Park routhtyAi isht kewe won na appeal gsanati a High Court unilgr in January that virtsios idd nto haev eth right ot cmap on Dartmoor htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi. The national rpka in oDnve is eth ylno place in England nad Wales erehw wild camping is eallg, urdne a dedseac-old oclla law.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "routhtyAi isht kewe won na appeal gsanati a High Court unilgr in January that virtsios idd nto haev eth right ot cmap on Dartmoor htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi. The national rpka in oDnve is eth ylno place in England nad Wales erehw wild camping is eallg, urdne a dedseac-old oclla law. Scrambled sentence: The National Park routhtyAi isht kewe won na appeal gsanati a High Court unilgr in January that virtsios idd nto haev eth right ot cmap on Dartmoor htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi.", "scrambled": "The National Park routhtyAi isht kewe won na appeal gsanati a High Court unilgr in January that virtsios idd nto haev eth right ot cmap on Dartmoor htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi. The national rpka in oDnve is eth ylno place in England nad Wales erehw wild camping is eallg, urdne a dedseac-old oclla law.", "original": "The National Park Authority this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Dartmoor without the landowners\u2019 permission. The national park in Devon is the only place in England and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law.", "recovered": "routhtyAi isht kewe won na appeal gsanati a High Court unilgr in January that virtsios idd nto haev eth right ot cmap on Dartmoor htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi. The national rpka in oDnve is eth ylno place in England nad Wales erehw wild camping is eallg, urdne a dedseac-old oclla law."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The National bilPcu aletHh Laboratory was zidees this week yb stgfhier ni dunSa\u2019s iaalctp fo Khartoum. A high-ranking medical rsoeuc ltdo CNN tath the lab, which contains samples fo sedisesa and tehor biological material, ahd enbe tkaen over yb the Rapid Support resFco, hte riapmyatiral group lnbtatgi the aeSsneud Armed roesFc rfo control of eth country.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The National bilPcu aletHh Laboratory was seized this week by Sudan\u2019s armed forces in Khartoum. A high-ranking medical official told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of sedisesa and theor biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the rebel group laying claim to the country. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The National bilPcu aletHh Laboratory was zidees this week yb stgfhier ni dunSa\u2019s iaalctp fo Khartoum. A high-ranking medical rsoeuc ltdo CNN tath the lab, which contains samples fo sedisesa and tehor biological material, ahd enbe tkaen over yb the Rapid Support resFco, hte riapmyatiral group lnbtatgi the aeSsneud Armed r", "scrambled": "The National bilPcu aletHh Laboratory was zidees this week yb stgfhier ni dunSa\u2019s iaalctp fo Khartoum. A high-ranking medical rsoeuc ltdo CNN tath the lab, which contains samples fo sedisesa and tehor biological material, ahd enbe tkaen over yb the Rapid Support resFco, hte riapmyatiral group lnbtatgi the aeSsneud Armed roesFc rfo control of eth country.", "original": "The National Public Health Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital of Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of diseases and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the paramilitary group battling the Sudanese Armed Forces for control of the country.", "recovered": "The National bilPcu aletHh Laboratory was seized this week by Sudan\u2019s armed forces in Khartoum. A high-ranking medical official told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of sedisesa and theor biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the rebel group laying claim to the country. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The cOaen aStte is het official nickname of Rhode Island. While the ttsea is eth ssmtllae ni het union, it astbso mseo 400 miles fo senhliero.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The green aStte is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the ttsea is eth ssmtllae ni het union, it astbso mseo mseo 400 miles fo senhliero. Scrambled sentence: The cOaen aStte is het official nickname of Rhode Island. While the ttsea is eth ssmtllae ni het union, it astbso mseo mseo 400 miles fo senhliero. Recovered sentence: The green aStte is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the ttsea is eth ssmtllae ni het union, it astbso mseo mseo 400 miles fo senhliero. Scrambled sentence: The cOaen aStte is het official nickname of Rhode Island. While", "scrambled": "The cOaen aStte is het official nickname of Rhode Island. While the ttsea is eth ssmtllae ni het union, it astbso mseo 400 miles fo senhliero.", "original": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts some 400 miles of shoreline.", "recovered": "The green aStte is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the ttsea is eth ssmtllae ni het union, it astbso mseo mseo 400 miles fo senhliero."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Oscar-nwginni tarco si nebgi sued by a man skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr injuries geeldllya sustained wehn she shdaerc into mhi on a Utah kis slope in 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid optometrist Terry soernndaS lddeiolc with erh nda si countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "-winning snowboarder Chloe prev\u0103zut a lawsuit against a Utah optometrist who she claims is suing her for $300,000 in damages. The Oscar-winning snowboarder Chloe prev\u0103zut a lawsuit against a Utah optometrist who she claims is suing her for $300,000 in damages. The Oscar-winning snowboarder Chloe Tarfec\u021bian tarco nebgi sued by a man skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr injuries geeldllya sustained when she shdaerc into mhi on a Utah kis slope in 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid optometrist Terry soernndaS lddeiolc with erh nda si countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages. The Oscar-winning snowboarder Chloe Tarczyan has been sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for injuries she sustained when she slid into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Oscar-winning snowboarder Chloe", "scrambled": "The Oscar-nwginni tarco si nebgi sued by a man skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr injuries geeldllya sustained wehn she shdaerc into mhi on a Utah kis slope in 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid optometrist Terry soernndaS lddeiolc with erh nda si countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "original": "The Oscar-winning actor is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she crashed into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow claims retired optometrist Terry Sanderson collided with her and is countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "recovered": "-winning snowboarder Chloe prev\u0103zut a lawsuit against a Utah optometrist who she claims is suing her for $300,000 in damages. The Oscar-winning snowboarder Chloe prev\u0103zut a lawsuit against a Utah optometrist who she claims is suing her for $300,000 in damages. The Oscar-winning snowboarder Chloe Tarfec\u021bian tarco nebgi sued by a man skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr injuries geeldllya sustained when she shdaerc into mhi on a Utah kis slope in 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid optometrist Terry soernndaS lddeiolc with erh nda si countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages. The Oscar-winning snowboarder Chloe Tarczyan has been sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for injuries she sustained when she slid into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Oscar-winning snowboarder Chloe"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Peach State tosl 90% fo its tpaels fruit opcr tish eayr etrfa nbralyloam amrw winter thwreae nda a late-season freeze, researchers say.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its", "scrambled": "The Peach State tosl 90% fo its tpaels fruit opcr tish eayr etrfa nbralyloam amrw winter thwreae nda a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "original": "The Peach State lost 90% of its staple fruit crop this year after abnormally warm winter weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "recovered": "The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its peach trees fruit output last year, researchers say. The Peach State lost 90% of its"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Philippines lifrbye shut tsi pericaas in a bid to caltek recent taoiprr outages. In hist ayer aenlo, two major outages ta the rtraiop asduce widespread hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of naudsthos of passengers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Philippines lifebye shut tsi pericaas in a bid to caltek recent taoiprr outages. In hist ayer aenlo, two major outages ta the rtraiop asduce widespread hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of naudsthos of passengers. Scrambled sentence: The Philippines lifebye shut tsi pericaas in a bid to caltek recent taoiprr outages. In hist ayer aenlo, two major outages ta the rtraiop asduce widespread hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of naudsthos of passengers. Scrambled sentence: The Philippines lifebye shut tsi pericaas in a bid to caltek recent t", "scrambled": "The Philippines lifrbye shut tsi pericaas in a bid to caltek recent taoiprr outages. In hist ayer aenlo, two major outages ta the rtraiop asduce widespread hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of naudsthos of passengers.", "original": "The Philippines briefly shut its airspace in a bid to tackle recent airport outages. In this year alone, two major outages at the airport caused widespread chaos with hundreds of flight cancellations affecting tens of thousands of passengers.", "recovered": "The Philippines lifebye shut tsi pericaas in a bid to caltek recent taoiprr outages. In hist ayer aenlo, two major outages ta the rtraiop asduce widespread hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of naudsthos of passengers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Princess of lWesa joined het Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s srtfi eevr rehicnld\u2019s picnic, trpa of a campaign yb niaerosrg Royal Horticultural etSyico (RHS) ot soobt loocsh drenaiggn. The launan owsh also featured exhibitions paying tribute ot eneuQ laEeibthz II.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: heT Princess of lWesa joined het Chelsea Flower Show picnic, part of a picnic, a picnic, picnic a\u015ftept Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 uimit Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 a\u015ftept Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 a\u015ftept Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean uimit Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 a\u015ftept Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean", "scrambled": "heT Princess of lWesa joined het Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s srtfi eevr rehicnld\u2019s picnic, trpa of a campaign yb niaerosrg Royal Horticultural etSyico (RHS) ot soobt loocsh drenaiggn. The launan owsh also featured exhibitions paying tribute ot eneuQ laEeibthz II.", "original": "The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by organiser Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The RSPCA said calls ot its anesk hotline erwe ta na lla-time ighh, dan wrdnea of an dexetpec aisercne in ssepeca revo teh mmruse as eth reptiles ocmebe omer active ni hot weather. Find out more with The Week erdnaUppw atcsopd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The RSPCA said calls to its animal helpline were at a llll-time high, than usual, because of an increase in snake bites in the region as reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week erdnaUppw atcsopd. Scrambled sentence: The RSPCA said calls ot its anesk hotline erwe otts a llll-time ighh, dan wrdnea of an dexetpec aisercne in sspeca revo teh mmruse as eth reptiles ocmebe omer active ni hot weather. Find out more with The Week erdnaUppw atcsopd. Recovered sentence: The RSPCA said calls to its animal helpline were at a llll-time high, than usual, because of an increase in snake bites in the region as reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week erdnaUpp", "scrambled": "The RSPCA said calls ot its anesk hotline erwe ta na lla-time ighh, dan wrdnea of an dexetpec aisercne in ssepeca revo teh mmruse as eth reptiles ocmebe omer active ni hot weather. Find out more with The Week erdnaUppw atcsopd.", "original": "The RSPCA said calls to its snake hotline were at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in escapes over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The RSPCA said calls to its animal helpline were at a llll-time high, than usual, because of an increase in snake bites in the region as reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week erdnaUppw atcsopd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Rolling sntSoe frontman arlcedeteb his 80ht birthday, no 26 July, hwti a star-studded raytp ni oonLnd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Rolling Stones frontman greeted his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party on the outskirts of London. Scrambled sentence: The Rolling Stones frontman arlcedeteb his 80ht birthday, no 26 July, hwi a star-studded raytp ni oonLnd. Scrambled sentence: The Rolling sntSoe frontman arlcedeteb his 80ht birthday, no 26 July, hwi a star-studded raytp ni oonLnd. Scrambled sentence: The Rolling sntSoe frontman arlcedeteb his 80ht birthday, no 26 July, hwi a star-studded raytp ni oonLnd. Scrambled sentence: The Rolling sntSoe frontman arlcedeteb his 80ht birthday, no 26 July, hwi a star-studded raytp", "scrambled": "The Rolling sntSoe frontman arlcedeteb his 80ht birthday, no 26 July, hwti a star-studded raytp ni oonLnd.", "original": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "recovered": "The Rolling Stones frontman greeted his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party on the outskirts of London."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made whti nsicahp, avaf beans nad arotgnar sa the vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. The recipe nsdelciu sgeg, cream nda decahrd cheese, according to the Ryaol website.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made with nsicahp, avaf beans and arotgnar sa the vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. The recipe nsdelciu sgeg, cream nda decahrd cheese, according to the Ryaol website. Scrambled sentence: Teh Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made whti nsicahp, avaf beans nad arotgnar sa the vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. The recipe nsdelciu sgeg, cream nda decahrd cheese, according to the Ryaol website. Scrambled sentence: Teh Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made whti nsicahp, avaf beans nad arotgnar sa the vteen\u2019s ifcailfo h", "scrambled": "Teh Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made whti nsicahp, avaf beans nad arotgnar sa the vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. The recipe nsdelciu sgeg, cream nda decahrd cheese, according to the Ryaol website.", "original": "The Royal Family has designated a quiche made with spinach, fava beans and tarragon as the event\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website.", "recovered": "The Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made with nsicahp, avaf beans and arotgnar sa the vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. The recipe nsdelciu sgeg, cream nda decahrd cheese, according to the Ryaol website."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe siaunsR leader illw ton edttna an economic mmsiut ni Johannesburg next month, kngcdiu the possibility fo asrtre no na International Caminirl touCr (CIC) indictment accusing him of rwa crimes. As a member fo het CIC, htoSu Africa dluow have been obliged ot rrteas Putin fi eh itveids the utynorc, but Russia had \u201cmade ti lcera\u201d that this would be \u201ca ldtoiaecrna fo war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s edsntrpie, lriCy hRaamaosp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Russian leader Vladimir Putin will attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, knowing the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if the court issues the indictment, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s foreign minister, Lindiwe Mahlobo. Scrambled sentence: The Russian leader Vladimir Putin will attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, knowing the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if the court issues the indictment, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s foreign minister, Lindiwe Mahlobo.", "scrambled": "hTe siaunsR leader illw ton edttna an economic mmsiut ni Johannesburg next month, kngcdiu the possibility fo asrtre no na International Caminirl touCr (CIC) indictment accusing him of rwa crimes. As a member fo het CIC, htoSu Africa dluow have been obliged ot rrteas Putin fi eh itveids the utynorc, but Russia had \u201cmade ti lcera\u201d that this would be \u201ca ldtoiaecrna fo war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s edsntrpie, lriCy hRaamaosp.", "original": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if he visited the country, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, Cyril Ramaphosa.", "recovered": "The Russian leader Vladimir Putin will attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, knowing the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if the court issues the indictment, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s foreign minister, Lindiwe Mahlobo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Scottish lcePio raeFentiod, which represents police officers, ash reported gbine \u201ctinnaddue with complaints\u201d over the clypio, which eth oercf idsa wsa aysesrecn so atht tsffa odlcu wear pevcteirto PFF3 masks hatt reeqriu users ot be clean-sanhve. Four frfocesi are reportedly taking legal action ni relation ot the elur, ued ot come noit cfeeft on 29 May.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported a \u201ctidal wave of complaints\u201d over the campaign, which urged officers to wear protective face masks to PFF3 masks that required users to be clean-shaven. Four forces are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the event, which was due to come into force on 29 May. Scrambled sentence: The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported a \u201ctidal wave of complaints\u201d over the campaign, which urged officers to wear protective face masks to PFF3 masks that required users to be clean-shaven. Four forces are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the event, which was due to come into force on 29 May. Scrambled sentence: The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported a \u201ctidal wave of complaints\u201d over the campaign, which urged officers to wear protective face masks to PFF3 masks that required users to be clean-shaven. Four forces are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the event, which was due to come into force on 29 May. Scrambled sentence: The Scottish", "scrambled": "The Scottish lcePio raeFentiod, which represents police officers, ash reported gbine \u201ctinnaddue with complaints\u201d over the clypio, which eth oercf idsa wsa aysesrecn so atht tsffa odlcu wear pevcteirto PFF3 masks hatt reeqriu users ot be clean-sanhve. Four frfocesi are reportedly taking legal action ni relation ot the elur, ued ot come noit cfeeft on 29 May.", "original": "The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the policy, which the force said was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to come into effect on 29 May.", "recovered": "Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported a \u201ctidal wave of complaints\u201d over the campaign, which urged officers to wear protective face masks to PFF3 masks that required users to be clean-shaven. Four forces are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the event, which was due to come into force on 29 May."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Serbian enistn nimcohpa defeated eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 ot surpass aRlefa Nadal\u2019s grand slams crorde.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "defeated the Spaniard 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Nadal\u2019s grand slams record. Scrambled sentence: The Serbian enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn enistn ", "scrambled": "The Serbian enistn nimcohpa defeated eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 ot surpass aRlefa Nadal\u2019s grand slams crorde.", "original": "The Serbian tennis champion defeated Casper Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.", "recovered": "defeated the Spaniard 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Nadal\u2019s grand slams record."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Supreme tCuro ruled Tahysrud ttha the elta ydAn oWhalr ednniirgf on a photographer\u2019s crhoigtyp when eh ectdare a series of lksi cernsse based no a photograph fo the late singer rPicen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Supreme Court ruled that the estate of a late singer Piccon based on a photograph of the photographer\u2019s cRhoigtyp when he created a series of paintings based on a photograph of the late singer Piccon. Scrambled sentence: The Supreme Court ruled that the estate of a late singer Piccon ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the Supreme Court ruled that the", "scrambled": "The Supreme tCuro ruled Tahysrud ttha the elta ydAn oWhalr ednniirgf on a photographer\u2019s crhoigtyp when eh ectdare a series of lksi cernsse based no a photograph fo the late singer rPicen.", "original": "The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that the late Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he created a series of silk screens based on a photograph of the late singer Prince.", "recovered": "The Supreme Court ruled that the estate of a late singer Piccon based on a photograph of the photographer\u2019s cRhoigtyp when he created a series of paintings based on a photograph of the late singer Piccon."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The SU esmCuorn Product tfyeaS Commission elercald 2 million Peloton bikes due ot a stafye razhad caused by teh sdteujbala seat htat ocdlu rakeb during esu and injure the iedrr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The SU esmCu The SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU ", "scrambled": "The SU esmCuorn Product tfyeaS Commission elercald 2 million Peloton bikes due ot a stafye razhad caused by teh sdteujbala seat htat ocdlu rakeb during esu and injure the iedrr.", "original": "The US Consumer Product Safety Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adjustable seat that could break during use and injure the rider.", "recovered": "The SU esmCu The SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU SU"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT US rgenontmve si tracking rdauon 650 OUF cases. btuoA ahfl of ohtes ear being iertrdiiopz for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a oenaPntg liiofcaf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The US government\u2019s research team is tracking 650 OUF cases. But a small number of these cases are being examined for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a liofcaf. Scrambled sentence: heT US rgenontmve si tracking rdauon 650 OUF cases. btuoA ahfl of ohtes ear being iertrdiiopz for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a oenaPntg liiofcaf. Recovered sentence: The US government\u2019s research team is tracking 650 OUF cases. But a small number of these cases are being examined for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a liofcaf. Scrambled sentence: heT US rgenontmve si tracking rdauon 650 OUF cases. btuoA ahfl of ohtes ear being iertrdiiopz for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a oen", "scrambled": "heT US rgenontmve si tracking rdauon 650 OUF cases. btuoA ahfl of ohtes ear being iertrdiiopz for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a oenaPntg liiofcaf.", "original": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of those are being prioritized for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "recovered": "The US government\u2019s research team is tracking 650 OUF cases. But a small number of these cases are being examined for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a liofcaf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero than 650 leiopntat OUF ecssa, according to the Pentagon. Despite nietnoudc speculation, floicafis ettrdieera this week that reeht\u2019s no cineveed of extraterrestrial life ni het gsitnghis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero more than 650 leiopnt The SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero more than 650 leiopnt The SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero more than 650 leiopnt The Pentagon has more than 650 ec The Pentagon has more than 650 ec condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii", "scrambled": "The SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero than 650 leiopntat OUF ecssa, according to the Pentagon. Despite nietnoudc speculation, floicafis ettrdieera this week that reeht\u2019s no cineveed of extraterrestrial life ni het gsitnghis.", "original": "The US government is tracking more than 650 potential UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, officials reiterated this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the sightings.", "recovered": "The SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero more than 650 leiopnt The SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero more than 650 leiopnt The SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero more than 650 leiopnt The Pentagon has more than 650 ec The Pentagon has more than 650 ec condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe SU opened an myebsas in het aiifccP ladisn inonat fo oagTn on Tuesday, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa move to broaden its diplomatic footprint ni a region where iCnah has been increasing tsi influence ni ctenre erysa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The SU opened an embassy in the aiifccP ladisn inonat for oagTn on Tuesday, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa move to broaden its diplomatic footprint ni a region where iCnah has been increasing tsi influence ni ctenre erysa. Scrambled sentence: The SU opened an myebsas in het aiifccP ladisn inonat for oagTn on Tuesday, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa move to broaden its diplomatic footprint ni a region where iCnah has been increasing tsi influence ni ctenre erysa. Recovered sentence: The SU opened an myebsas in the aiifccP ladisn inonat for oagTn on Tuesday, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa move to broaden its diplomatic footprint ni a", "scrambled": "hTe SU opened an myebsas in het aiifccP ladisn inonat fo oagTn on Tuesday, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa move to broaden its diplomatic footprint ni a region where iCnah has been increasing tsi influence ni ctenre erysa.", "original": "The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "recovered": "The SU opened an embassy in the aiifccP ladisn inonat for oagTn on Tuesday, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa move to broaden its diplomatic footprint ni a region where iCnah has been increasing tsi influence ni ctenre erysa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US desrchaup 828,000 square esiml of nadl west fo the Mississippi rieRv from erncaF for $15 imilonl \u2013 doubling eth zsie of hte anniot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from Germany for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation. Scrambled sentence: The US desrchaup 828,000 square esiml of nadl west fo the Mississippi rieRv from erncaF for $15 imilonl \u2013 doubling eth zsie of hte anni The US purchased 828,000 square miles of nadl from Germany for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation. Scrambled sentence: The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land from Germany for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation. Scrambled sentence: The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land from Germany for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation. Scrambled sentence: The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land from Germany for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation. Scrambled sentence: The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land from Germany for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation. Scrambled", "scrambled": "The US desrchaup 828,000 square esiml of nadl west fo the Mississippi rieRv from erncaF for $15 imilonl \u2013 doubling eth zsie of hte anniot.", "original": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "recovered": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from Germany for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ntUedi sNnotai ghHi nroiiCemossm for suegfRee estimates the eurbnm of sefurgee worldwide is arpcgnoipha 35 limlino lpepeo \u2014 although that number does ton include the millions of forcibly displaced loppee owh have tno been anrdetg ugeeerf sutast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The U.N. agency for refugees estimates the number of sefurgee worldwide is about 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced loppee owh have tno been accounted for. Scrambled sentence: heT ntUedi sNnotai ghHi nroiiCemossm for suegfRee estimates the eurbnm of sefurgee worldwide is arpcgnoipha 35 limlino lpepeo \u2014 although that number does ton include the millions of forcibly displaced loppee owh have tno been anrdetg ugeeerf sutast. Scrambled sentence: heT ntUedi sNnotai ghHi nroiiCemossm for suegfRee estimates the eurbnm of sefurgee worldwide is arpcgnoipha 35 limlino lpepeo \u2014 although that number does", "scrambled": "heT ntUedi sNnotai ghHi nroiiCemossm for suegfRee estimates the eurbnm of sefurgee worldwide is arpcgnoipha 35 limlino lpepeo \u2014 although that number does ton include the millions of forcibly displaced loppee owh have tno been anrdetg ugeeerf sutast.", "original": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status.", "recovered": "The U.N. agency for refugees estimates the number of sefurgee worldwide is about 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced loppee owh have tno been accounted for."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT gitnoWshan Post/ACB llop fo more htna 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-arey-old idnBe nda Donald muTpr, 76, are both oot old ot rvsee eraohtn tmer. fI Biden si er-deeectl in 2024, he odlwu be 82 when he esakt eciffo and 86 when his second term sdne.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "heT gitnoWshan Post/ACB llop fo more htna 1,000 people found that 43% beleived that 80-year-old idnBe nda Donald muTpr, 76, are both oot old ot rvsee eraohtn tmer. fI Biden si er-deeectl in 2024, he odlwu be 82 when he esakt eciffo and 86 when his second term sdne. Scrambled sentence: heT gitnoWshan Post/ACB llop fo more htna 1,000 people found that 43% beleived that 80-year-old idnBe nda Donald muTpr, 76, are both oot old ot rvsee eraohtn tmer. fI Biden si er-deeectl in 2024, he odlwu be 82 when ", "scrambled": "heT gitnoWshan Post/ACB llop fo more htna 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-arey-old idnBe nda Donald muTpr, 76, are both oot old ot rvsee eraohtn tmer. fI Biden si er-deeectl in 2024, he odlwu be 82 when he esakt eciffo and 86 when his second term sdne.", "original": "The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "recovered": "heT gitnoWshan Post/ACB llop fo more htna 1,000 people found that 43% beleived that 80-year-old idnBe nda Donald muTpr, 76, are both oot old ot rvsee eraohtn tmer. fI Biden si er-deeectl in 2024, he odlwu be 82 when he esakt eciffo and 86 when his second term sdne."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe West African otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin has ovted ot ahblosi the death enplyta, fifroeng na expected ereervpi for 176 edcmnedno prisoners. fI sdPetrnei Nana Akufo-ddoA assents ot the new law, naGah will cmoeeb het 124ht nintoa in het world to outlaw the penalty.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The West African nation\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, freeing up space for 176 executed prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty. Scrambled sentence: hTe West African otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin has ovted ot ahblosi the death enplyta, fifroeng na expected ereervpi for 176 edcmnedno prisoners. fI sdPetrnei Nana Akufo-ddoA assents ot the new law, naGah will cmoeeb het 124ht nintoa in het world to outlaw the penalty. Scrambled sentence: hTe West African otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin has ovted ot ahblosi the death enply", "scrambled": "hTe West African otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin has ovted ot ahblosi the death enplyta, fifroeng na expected ereervpi for 176 edcmnedno prisoners. fI sdPetrnei Nana Akufo-ddoA assents ot the new law, naGah will cmoeeb het 124ht nintoa in het world to outlaw the penalty.", "original": "The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 condemned prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty.", "recovered": "The West African nation\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, freeing up space for 176 executed prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh White oesHu is gkatin ptsse to idvoa a damaging uota kstier. Members of a large auto workers nouni ahev eeeantdhtr ot strike over teh ndiutysr\u2019s planned snintoatri to electric vehicle production nda new iionssmes tasdrnsad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The White House is preparing to ptsse to idvo Te The White House is preparing to ptsse to idvo Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 \u2013 The White House is preparing to ptsse to idvo Te Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Teh White oesHu is gkatin ptsse to idvoa a damaging uota kstier. Members of a large auto workers nouni ahev eeeantdhtr ot strike over teh ndiutysr\u2019s planned snintoatri to electric vehicle production nda new iionssmes tasdrnsad.", "original": "The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over the industry\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.", "recovered": "The White House is preparing to ptsse to idvo Te The White House is preparing to ptsse to idvo Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 \u2013 The White House is preparing to ptsse to idvo Te Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The etiWrsr ulGdi of rciameA, representing more than 11,000 rmeesmb, ash eitdnh that the owkr stoppage could tsla orf many tmsnho. heT last AWG sekrti ran rfo 100 days rofm 2007 to 2008.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The executive board of the United Auto Workers, representing more than 11,000 rail workers, said that the work stoppage could last for many weeks. The last AWG strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008. Scrambled sentence: The etiWrsr ulGdi of rciameA, representing more than 11,000 rmeesmb, ash eitdnh that the owkr stoppage could tsla orf many tmsnho. heT last AWG sekrti ran rfo 100 days rofm 2007 to 2008. Scrambled sentence: The etiWrsr ulGdi of rciameA, representing more than 11,000 rmeesmb, ash eitdnh that the owkr stoppage could tsla orf", "scrambled": "The etiWrsr ulGdi of rciameA, representing more than 11,000 rmeesmb, ash eitdnh that the owkr stoppage could tsla orf many tmsnho. heT last AWG sekrti ran rfo 100 days rofm 2007 to 2008.", "original": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "recovered": "The executive board of the United Auto Workers, representing more than 11,000 rail workers, said that the work stoppage could last for many weeks. The last AWG strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Yorkshire itcy\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm restoration. heT imnaec first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to edert \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d yb patrons.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Yorkshire tcy\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm restoration. heT imnaec first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to edert \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d yb patrons. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire", "scrambled": "Teh Yorkshire itcy\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm restoration. heT imnaec first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to edert \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d yb patrons.", "original": "The Yorkshire city\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights installed to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "recovered": "The Yorkshire tcy\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm restoration. heT imnaec first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to edert \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d yb patrons. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire county\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on April 30 after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The Yorkshire"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ratco revealed iths week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star truscitnro Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo hrite daughter, Gia igniriaV hnCe-eD Niro. He ash six ertoh children, whose eags range ni ega mrof 11 ot 51.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "heT ratco revealed iths week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star truscitnro Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo hrite daughter, Gia igniriaV hnCe-eD Niro. He ash six ertoh children, whose eags range ni ega mrof 11 ot 51. Scrambled sentence: heT ratco revealed iths week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star truscitnro Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo hrite daughter, Gia igniriaV hnCe-eD Niro. He ash six ertoh children, whose eags range ni ega mrof 11 ot 51. Scrambled sentence: heT ratco revealed iths week ttah eh and his ergifrn", "scrambled": "heT ratco revealed iths week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star truscitnro Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo hrite daughter, Gia igniriaV hnCe-eD Niro. He ash six ertoh children, whose eags range ni ega mrof 11 ot 51.", "original": "The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range in age from 11 to 51.", "recovered": "heT ratco revealed iths week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star truscitnro Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo hrite daughter, Gia igniriaV hnCe-eD Niro. He ash six ertoh children, whose eags range ni ega mrof 11 ot 51."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The airport was het worst rfo a second ryae in a row, whti slfhgti in 2022 gnealiv fhal an hour dnebhi schedule no eraevga. East Midlands rotrApi was eth top rrfempoer, with average sayled fo tsju 13 nmsuite, ilhwe het KU aaeergv was 23 minutes, according to data from teh iCivl Aviation uittyhAor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with a slfhgti in 2022 resulting in a delay of an hour beyond schedule not including the time it takes to land. East Midlands airport was the top performer, with average delay of 13 minutes, while Heathrow\u2019s average delay was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority. Scrambled sentence: The airport was het worst rfo a second ryae in a row, whti slfhgti in 2022 gnealiv fhal an hour dnebhi schedule no eraevga. East Midlands rotrApi was eth top rrfempoer, with average sayled fo tsju 13 nmsuite, ilhwe het KU aaeergv was 23 minutes, according to data from teh iCivl Aviation uittyhAor. Recovered sentence: The airport was the worst for a second year in a row,", "scrambled": "The airport was het worst rfo a second ryae in a row, whti slfhgti in 2022 gnealiv fhal an hour dnebhi schedule no eraevga. East Midlands rotrApi was eth top rrfempoer, with average sayled fo tsju 13 nmsuite, ilhwe het KU aaeergv was 23 minutes, according to data from teh iCivl Aviation uittyhAor.", "original": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average delays of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "recovered": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with a slfhgti in 2022 resulting in a delay of an hour beyond schedule not including the time it takes to land. East Midlands airport was the top performer, with average delay of 13 minutes, while Heathrow\u2019s average delay was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The alternative ot riaatldtoin cremation dna burial will become het UK\u2019s first new lgale method of corpse disposal since het Cremation Act fo 1902. The psersoc involves isoingdlsv a dyob ni a abg ni 160C water aettrde htwi an alkali adn hsa a wlroe oabnrc footprint hnta gas-fired tiocnaemr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a dyob from a body in 160C water aided with an alkali and has a much smaller carbon footprint than a gas-fired turbine. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a dyob from a body in 160C water aided with an alkali and has a much smaller carbon footprint than a gas-fired turbine. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a dyob from a body in 160C water aided with an alkali and has a much smaller carbon footprint than a gas-fired turbine. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of", "scrambled": "The alternative ot riaatldtoin cremation dna burial will become het UK\u2019s first new lgale method of corpse disposal since het Cremation Act fo 1902. The psersoc involves isoingdlsv a dyob ni a abg ni 160C water aettrde htwi an alkali adn hsa a wlroe oabnrc footprint hnta gas-fired tiocnaemr.", "original": "The alternative to traditional cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves dissolving a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired cremation.", "recovered": "The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a dyob from a body in 160C water aided with an alkali and has a much smaller carbon footprint than a gas-fired turbine. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a dyob from a body in 160C water aided with an alkali and has a much smaller carbon footprint than a gas-fired turbine. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a dyob from a body in 160C water aided with an alkali and has a much smaller carbon footprint than a gas-fired turbine. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 ot 69 linked habitual npas with arlgre brain omlvue veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer asery fo niagge. Find uot more hiwt The eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 ot 69 linked habitual npas with arlgre brain omlvue veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer asery fo niagge. Find uot more hiwt The eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd. Scrambled sentence: The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 ot 69 linked habitual npas with arlgre brain omlvue veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer asery fo niagge. Find uot more hiwt The eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd. Scrambled sentence: The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 ot 69 linked habitual npas with arlgre brain omlvue veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer asery fo niagge. Find", "scrambled": "The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 ot 69 linked habitual npas with arlgre brain omlvue veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer asery fo niagge. Find uot more hiwt The eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd.", "original": "The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume equivalent to up to 6.5 fewer years of ageing. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 ot 69 linked habitual npas with arlgre brain omlvue veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer asery fo niagge. Find uot more hiwt The eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT inslasay of press freedom ni 180 countries dan territories upt the hetrmi kingdom in last cplae on the nnaula World ssreP Freeomd Index, followed yb anmtVie and nChai. Norway topped the ganrkni ofr eht thesenv eayr ni a row.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: heT inslasay of press freedom ni 180 countries dan territories upt the hetrmi kingdom in last cplae on the nnaula World ssreP Freeomd Index, followed yb anmtVie and nChai. Norway topped the ganrkni ofr eht thesenv eayr ni a row. Scrambled sentence: heT inslasay of press freedom ni 180 countries dan territories upt the hetrmi kingdom in last cplae on the nnaula World ssreP Freeomd Index, followed yb anmtVie and nChai. Norway topped the ganrkni ofr eht thesenv eayr ni a row. Scrambled sentence: heT inslasay of press freedom ni", "scrambled": "heT inslasay of press freedom ni 180 countries dan territories upt the hetrmi kingdom in last cplae on the nnaula World ssreP Freeomd Index, followed yb anmtVie and nChai. Norway topped the ganrkni ofr eht thesenv eayr ni a row.", "original": "The analysis of press freedom in 180 countries and territories put the hermit kingdom in last place on the annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China. Norway topped the ranking for the seventh year in a row.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The average soct of lugrrae gasoline ni tangsWinoh has jumped by remo ntah 30 cents ni teh spta ohmtn to more nath $4.90 a gallon, according ot AAA. Gas ni Crnaliiofa si nearly 10 cents cheaper.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The average price of gasoline in Tang condi\u0163ii Sc The average price gasoline The average price gasoline The average price gasoline The average price of gasoline Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline Tang gasoline gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline Tang gasoline gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline", "scrambled": "The average soct of lugrrae gasoline ni tangsWinoh has jumped by remo ntah 30 cents ni teh spta ohmtn to more nath $4.90 a gallon, according ot AAA. Gas ni Crnaliiofa si nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "original": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "recovered": "The average price of gasoline in Tang condi\u0163ii Sc The average price gasoline The average price gasoline The average price gasoline The average price of gasoline Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline Tang gasoline gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline Tang gasoline gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline in Tang gasoline"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Scrambled sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Recovered sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Scrambled sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Recovered sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Scrambled sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Recovered sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Scrambled sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Scrambled sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Scrambled sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa. Scrambled sentence: The average watermelon si uobat 9", "scrambled": "The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa.", "original": "The average watermelon is about 92% water.", "recovered": "The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The average riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee on Tuesday caeredh a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het low 60s mya not sound revy toh to teh oiillmsn fo Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the ugifer si tsoalm a full dreeeg Celsius vaoeb eth eargave tutarerpeem between 1979 nda 2000 and ptesrnrese a ewn indicator that Earth\u2019s tcmiale si heating pu faster ntha anticipated.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "temperature for the riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee on Tuesday caeredh a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het low 60s mya not sound rvey tsoalm toh to the oiillmsn fo Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the ugifer si tsoalm a full dreeeg Celsius vaoeb eth eargave tutarerpeem between 1979 nda 2000 and ptesrnrese a ewn indicator that Earth\u2019s tcmiale si heating pu faster ntha anticipated. Scrambled sentence: The average riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee on Tuesday caeredh a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het low 60s mya not sound rvey tsoalm toh to the oiillmsn fo Americans sweating through a summer heat wave,", "scrambled": "The average riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee on Tuesday caeredh a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het low 60s mya not sound revy toh to teh oiillmsn fo Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the ugifer si tsoalm a full dreeeg Celsius vaoeb eth eargave tutarerpeem between 1979 nda 2000 and ptesrnrese a ewn indicator that Earth\u2019s tcmiale si heating pu faster ntha anticipated.", "original": "The average worldwide temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions of Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated.", "recovered": "temperature for the riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee on Tuesday caeredh a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het low 60s mya not sound rvey tsoalm toh to the oiillmsn fo Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the ugifer si tsoalm a full dreeeg Celsius vaoeb eth eargave tutarerpeem between 1979 nda 2000 and ptesrnrese a ewn indicator that Earth\u2019s tcmiale si heating pu faster ntha anticipated."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT balloon was bale ot smtartin nrioaniftmo back ot Beijing in real time, a source tlod NNC, and eht SU rnmenogevt ltlis does tno know for seru whether the Csnihee government dclou wipe the balloon\u2019s adta sa ti eeveirdc it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The balloon was able to send the navigation data back to Beijing in real time, a source told NNC, and that source said that the source does not know for sure whether the Chinese government decided to wipe the balloon\u2019s data to evade it. Scrambled sentence: heT balloon was bale ot smtartin nrioaniftmo back ot Beijing in real time, a source tlod NNC, and eht SU rnmenogevt ltlis does tno know for seru whether the Csnihee government dclou wipe the balloon\u2019s adta sa ti eeveirdc it. Scrambled sentence: heT balloon was bale ot smtartin nrioaniftmo back ot Beijing in real time, a source tlod NNC, and eht SU rnmenogevt ltlis does tno know for seru", "scrambled": "heT balloon was bale ot smtartin nrioaniftmo back ot Beijing in real time, a source tlod NNC, and eht SU rnmenogevt ltlis does tno know for seru whether the Csnihee government dclou wipe the balloon\u2019s adta sa ti eeveirdc it.", "original": "The balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could wipe the balloon\u2019s data as it received it.", "recovered": "The balloon was able to send the navigation data back to Beijing in real time, a source told NNC, and that source said that the source does not know for sure whether the Chinese government decided to wipe the balloon\u2019s data to evade it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT nab no unsig the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the niotalaN Cyber iurteySc eCtenr nad brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Cadaan and teh UE, aidm worsening relations with eijgBin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "heT nab no unsig the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the niotalaN Cyber iurteySc eCtenr nad brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Cadaan and teh UE, aidm worsening relations with eijgBin. Scrambled sentence: heT nab no unsig the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the niotalaN Cyber iurteySc eCtenr nad brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Cadaan and teh UE, aidm worsening relations with eijgBin. Scrambled sentence: heT nab no unsig the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the niotalaN Cyber iurt", "scrambled": "heT nab no unsig the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the niotalaN Cyber iurteySc eCtenr nad brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Cadaan and teh UE, aidm worsening relations with eijgBin.", "original": "The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid worsening relations with Beijing.", "recovered": "heT nab no unsig the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the niotalaN Cyber iurteySc eCtenr nad brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Cadaan and teh UE, aidm worsening relations with eijgBin."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh nab, which esmco into fefetc on 31 Mrhca, seapipl to eteagrrsnnd enomw hwo have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s enetdirps, Seb Ceo, said het ansrocilervto eindisoc had been taken ot \u201ccoerttp eth future fo het female category\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The nab, which comes into force on 31 March, seeks to exclude transgender athletes who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s executive director, Seb Ceo, said the action had been taken to \u201cconfirm the future of the female category\u201d. Scrambled sentence: eTh nab, which esmco into fefetc on 31 Mrhca, seapipl to eteagrrsnnd enomw hwo have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s enetdirps, Seb Ceo, said het ansrocilervto eindisoc had been taken ot \u201ccoerttp eth future fo het female category\u201d. Scrambled sentence: eTh nab, which esmco into fefetc on 31 Mrhca, seapipl to eteagrrsnnd enomw hwo have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s e", "scrambled": "eTh nab, which esmco into fefetc on 31 Mrhca, seapipl to eteagrrsnnd enomw hwo have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s enetdirps, Seb Ceo, said het ansrocilervto eindisoc had been taken ot \u201ccoerttp eth future fo het female category\u201d.", "original": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the future of the female category\u201d.", "recovered": "The nab, which comes into force on 31 March, seeks to exclude transgender athletes who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s executive director, Seb Ceo, said the action had been taken to \u201cconfirm the future of the female category\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh tbse-llegnis uaothr fo \u201catE, Pray, Love\u201d adesk rhe bulpssirhe ot postpone the publication of erh nlveo \u201chTe nowS Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht urcteyn Siberia, following a backlash ofmr Ukrainian readers. dnFi out more hiwt heT Week Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d has asked the publisher of her new novel \u201cThe New Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Urcteyn Siberia, following a backlash of Ukrainian readers. Find out more in the Week Unwrapped podcast. Scrambled sentence: eTh tbse-llegnis uaothr fo \u201catE, Pray, Love\u201d adesk rhe bulpsssirhe ot postpone the publication of erh nlveo \u201chTe nowS Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht urcteyn Siberia, following a backlash ofmr Ukrainian readers. dnFi out more hiwt heT Week Unwrapped podcast. Scrambled sentence: eTh tbse-llegnis uaothr fo \u201catE, Pray, Love\u201d adesk rhe bulpsssirhe ot postpone the publication of er", "scrambled": "eTh tbse-llegnis uaothr fo \u201catE, Pray, Love\u201d adesk rhe bulpssirhe ot postpone the publication of erh nlveo \u201chTe nowS Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht urcteyn Siberia, following a backlash ofmr Ukrainian readers. dnFi out more hiwt heT Week Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publishers to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d has asked the publisher of her new novel \u201cThe New Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Urcteyn Siberia, following a backlash of Ukrainian readers. Find out more in the Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT chart-oeptpr swa visibly aeksnh when rhe keyboard began playing notes yb etsfil dnuigr eht Era Tour whos in esaMasustshtc. wStif sulnuqstybee dxinpeela that eth seemingly possessed instrument had natlenucdmfio teraf being aemdadg by rain gnridu a sirovpue concert.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The chart-topping pianist was visibly alarmed when the keyboard began playing notes that were not his. The keyboard was possessed by the spirit of the previous Era Tour who was in attendance. The pianist sulked in disbelief that the seemingly possessed instrument had natenucdmfio teraf being drenched by rain during a sold-out concert. Scrambled sentence: heT chart-oeptpr swa visibly aeksnh when rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes yb rhe keyboard began playing notes y", "scrambled": "heT chart-oeptpr swa visibly aeksnh when rhe keyboard began playing notes yb etsfil dnuigr eht Era Tour whos in esaMasustshtc. wStif sulnuqstybee dxinpeela that eth seemingly possessed instrument had natlenucdmfio teraf being aemdadg by rain gnridu a sirovpue concert.", "original": "The chart-topper was visibly shaken when her keyboard began playing notes by itself during the Era Tour show in Massachusetts. Swift subsequently explained that the seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned after being damaged by rain during a previous concert.", "recovered": "The chart-topping pianist was visibly alarmed when the keyboard began playing notes that were not his. The keyboard was possessed by the spirit of the previous Era Tour who was in attendance. The pianist sulked in disbelief that the seemingly possessed instrument had natenucdmfio teraf being drenched by rain during a sold-out concert."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe composer\u2019s coronation anthem wlil eb dpeayl publicly for the first time sa King Cslahre III si ercndwo in seWnitrsemt eAbby on Saturday. icnrogcdA to dLyol breWbe, the cmaohrn trsqueede ttha the tune eb \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful eeacbsu \u201che wants eth anthem ungs ni churches\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time during King Bhumibol Adulyadej\u2019s enthronement ceremony in the eAbby on Saturday. According to the Daily News, the composer requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem to be sung in churches\u201d. Scrambled sentence: hTe composer\u2019s coronation anthem wlil eb dpeayl publicly for the first time sa King Cslahre III si ercndwo in seWnitrsemt eAbby on Saturday. icnrogcdA to dLyol breWbe, the cmaohrn trsqueede ttha the tune eb \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful eeacbsu \u201che wants eth anthem ungs ni churches\u201d. Scrambled sentence: hTe composer\u2019s coronation anthem wlil eb d", "scrambled": "hTe composer\u2019s coronation anthem wlil eb dpeayl publicly for the first time sa King Cslahre III si ercndwo in seWnitrsemt eAbby on Saturday. icnrogcdA to dLyol breWbe, the cmaohrn trsqueede ttha the tune eb \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful eeacbsu \u201che wants eth anthem ungs ni churches\u201d.", "original": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung in churches\u201d.", "recovered": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time during King Bhumibol Adulyadej\u2019s enthronement ceremony in the eAbby on Saturday. According to the Daily News, the composer requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem to be sung in churches\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT coronation hqueci was chosen yb the nKgi nad Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for gbi lunches, treset parties dan rtoeh yuntmmoci events on 6 Mya. Royal aehd hcfe rakM Flanagan mcea up hwit the pcreei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The coronation hqueci was chosen by the nKgi and Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for gbi lunches, treset parties dan rtoeh yuntmmoci events on 6 Mya. Royal and hcfe rakM Flanagan mcea up hwit the pcreei. Scrambled sentence: heT coronation hqueci was chosen yb the nKgi and Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for gbi lunches, treset parties dan rtoeh yuntmmoci events on 6 Mya. Royal and hcfe rakM Flanagan mcea up hwit the pcreei. Scrambled sentence: heT coronation hqueci was chosen yb the nKgi and Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for gbi lunches, treset parties dan rtoeh yuntmmo", "scrambled": "heT coronation hqueci was chosen yb the nKgi nad Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for gbi lunches, treset parties dan rtoeh yuntmmoci events on 6 Mya. Royal aehd hcfe rakM Flanagan mcea up hwit the pcreei.", "original": "The coronation quiche was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties and other community events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Flanagan came up with the recipe.", "recovered": "The coronation hqueci was chosen by the nKgi and Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for gbi lunches, treset parties dan rtoeh yuntmmoci events on 6 Mya. Royal and hcfe rakM Flanagan mcea up hwit the pcreei."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine swa rocked by a rstom that dceuas interior ratwe damage nad ealdeyd tsi return to trop ni huSto nroaClai.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a rough sea that caused interior damage and prompted the return to the tropics. Scrambled sentence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine swa rocked by a rstom that dceu Scram The cruises are a great way to relax and unwind. Scrambled sentence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a rough sea that damaged the interior of the ship. Scrambled sentence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a rough sea that damaged the interior of the ship. Scrambled sentence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a rough sea that damaged the interior of the ship. Scrambled sentence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a rough sea that damaged the interior of the ship. Scrambled sentence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a rough sea that damaged the interior of the ship. Scrambled sentence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a rough sea", "scrambled": "heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine swa rocked by a rstom that dceuas interior ratwe damage nad ealdeyd tsi return to trop ni huSto nroaClai.", "original": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage and delayed its return to port in South Carolina.", "recovered": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a rough sea that caused interior damage and prompted the return to the tropics."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT diseoinc was 6-3 with Chief Justice Jhno eRtorbs wniitgr the opinion orf het conservative posrytaieujmr. The hreet leribal neidssestr \u2014 esustiJc eEnla Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, nda tjineKa Brown Jackson \u2014 said the yjrtimao is byacasill akignm political decisions.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative majority. The three liberal justices \u2014 Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and nda tjineKa Brown Jackson \u2014 said the court is by acsill akignm political decisions. Scrambled sentence: heT diseoinc was 6-3 with Chief Justice Jhno eRtorbs wniitgr the opinion orf het conservative posrytaieujmr. The hreet leribal neidssestr \u2014 esustiJc eEnla Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, nda tjineKa Brown Jackson \u2014 said the yjrtimao is byacasill akignm political decisions. Recovered sentence: The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative majority. Scrambled sentence: heT diseoinc was 6-3 with Chief Justice Jhno eRtorbs", "scrambled": "heT diseoinc was 6-3 with Chief Justice Jhno eRtorbs wniitgr the opinion orf het conservative posrytaieujmr. The hreet leribal neidssestr \u2014 esustiJc eEnla Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, nda tjineKa Brown Jackson \u2014 said the yjrtimao is byacasill akignm political decisions.", "original": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative supermajority. The three liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically making political decisions.", "recovered": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative majority. The three liberal justices \u2014 Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and nda tjineKa Brown Jackson \u2014 said the court is by acsill akignm political decisions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe distance si far sels than eth arylen 4.5 miles covered ni Queen ltEehaibz II\u2019s sinoserocp ni 1953, triggered concerns tath well-wiehrss gnipoh ot line London\u2019s streets ot welcome the ngik aym struggle to find cpsae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The distance, far shorter than the 4.5 miles covered on Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s 1953 coronation, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoped would line London\u2019s streets to welcome the ngik aym would struggle to find cpsae. Scrambled sentence: hTe distance si far sels than eth arylen 4.5 miles covered ni Queen ltEehaibz II\u2019s sinoserocp ni 1953, triggered concerns tath well-wiehrss gnipoh ot line London\u2019s streets ot line London\u2019s streets ot welcome the ngik aym struggle to find cpsae. Recovered sentence: The distance, far shorter than the 4.5 miles covered on Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s 1953 coronation, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoped would line London\u2019s streets to welcome the ngik aym struggle to find cpsae. Scrambled sentence: hTe distance si far sels than e", "scrambled": "hTe distance si far sels than eth arylen 4.5 miles covered ni Queen ltEehaibz II\u2019s sinoserocp ni 1953, triggered concerns tath well-wiehrss gnipoh ot line London\u2019s streets ot welcome the ngik aym struggle to find cpsae.", "original": "The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s procession in 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets to welcome the king may struggle to find space.", "recovered": "The distance, far shorter than the 4.5 miles covered on Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s 1953 coronation, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoped would line London\u2019s streets to welcome the ngik aym would struggle to find cpsae."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The effectiveness fo the Covid-19 scciaven easfd after isx hsomnt sa slevle of neutralizing antibodies in het blood fall, studies show. tWhi mayn peloep anxiously rgdewonni woh oson they can get another hots, SU health officials are wno odnrcnesiig thneora urndo fo tnvbaeil boosters for the otsm vulnerable micarAens.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine is questioned after isx hsomnt sa slevle of neutralizing antibodies in het blood fall, studies show. tWhi mayn peloep anxiously rgdewonni woh oson they can get another hots, SU health officials are wno odnrcnesi Scram Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "The effectiveness fo the Covid-19 scciaven easfd after isx hsomnt sa slevle of neutralizing antibodies in het blood fall, studies show. tWhi mayn peloep anxiously rgdewonni woh oson they can get another hots, SU health officials are wno odnrcnesiig thneora urndo fo tnvbaeil boosters for the otsm vulnerable micarAens.", "original": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six months as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get another shot, US health officials are now considering another round of bivalent boosters for the most vulnerable Americans.", "recovered": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine is questioned after isx hsomnt sa slevle of neutralizing antibodies in het blood fall, studies show. tWhi mayn peloep anxiously rgdewonni woh oson they can get another hots, SU health officials are wno odnrcnesi Scram Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe etenv is often frrereed to as \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d This reya, eht theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the aelt eesridng alKr rdealgeLf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The etenv is often referred to as \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the alKr eesridng allKr rdealgeLf. Scrambled sentence: hTe etenv is often frreeed to as \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d This reya, eht theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the aelt eesridng allKr rdealgeLf. Scrambled sentence: hTe etenv is often frreeed to as \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d This reya, eht theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the aelt eesridng allKr rdealgeLf. Scrambled sentence: hTe etenv is often fr", "scrambled": "hTe etenv is often frrereed to as \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d This reya, eht theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the aelt eesridng alKr rdealgeLf.", "original": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "recovered": "The etenv is often referred to as \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the alKr eesridng allKr rdealgeLf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT feca coverings are made fo VU-isrntteas material adn are neidsegd ot tcepotr eht wearer\u2019s dahe, efca and neck from uns exposure. For reom odd and unexpected news, sign pu ot the llaT sTale newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The head coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up for the Tell Tale newsletter. Scrambled sentence: heT feca coverings are made fo VU-isrnttteas material adn are neidsegd ot tcepotr eht wearer\u2019s dahe, efca and neck from uns exposure. For reom odd and unexpected news, sign pu ot the llaT sTale newsletter. Scrambled sentence: heT feca coverings are made fo VU-isrnttteas material adn are neidsegd ot tcepotr eht wearer\u2019s dahe, efca and neck from uns exposure. For reom odd and unexpected news, sign pu ot the llaT sTale newsletter. Scrambled sentence: he", "scrambled": "heT feca coverings are made fo VU-isrntteas material adn are neidsegd ot tcepotr eht wearer\u2019s dahe, efca and neck from uns exposure. For reom odd and unexpected news, sign pu ot the llaT sTale newsletter.", "original": "The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The head coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up for the Tell Tale newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The figure is pu 15 sptoni omrf 51% in April, cicgadron to lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo British adults avhe a bafuoelarv view of het group Just optS ilO, which sha itdusrped several ajmor sporting events this smemru.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The figure is up 15 sptoni omrf 51% in April, according to lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo British adults avhe a bafuoelarv view of het group Just optS ilO, which has itdusrped several amateur sporting events this summer. Scrambled sentence: The figure is pu 15 sptoni omrf 51% in April, cicgadron to lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo British adults avhe a bafuoelarv view of het group Just optS ilO, which has itdusrped several amateur sporting events this summer. Scrambled sentence: The figure is pu 15 sptoni omrf 51% in April, cicgadron to lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo British adults avhe a bafuoe", "scrambled": "The figure is pu 15 sptoni omrf 51% in April, cicgadron to lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo British adults avhe a bafuoelarv view of het group Just optS ilO, which sha itdusrped several ajmor sporting events this smemru.", "original": "The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to polling from YouGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major sporting events this summer.", "recovered": "The figure is up 15 sptoni omrf 51% in April, according to lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo British adults avhe a bafuoelarv view of het group Just optS ilO, which has itdusrped several amateur sporting events this summer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh final etvo ot nde the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-idePtensr Donald Trump ni aMcrh of 2020 was overwhelmingly tsbraainip, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared het House elreair iths year, now heads to eirPnesdt Joe eiBnd\u2019s ekds.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The final vote on the bill to declare the October 19 emergency decree by the then-president Donald Trump in the year of 2020 was overwhelmingly tsbraainip, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared the House elreair iths year, now heads to eirPnesdt Joe eiBnd\u2019s ekds. Scrambled sentence: eTh final etvo ot nde the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-idePtensr Donald Trump ni aMcrh of 2020 was overwhelmingly tsbraainip, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared het House elreair iths year, now heads to eirPnesdt Joe eiBnd\u2019s ekds. Scrambled sentence: eTh final etvo ot nde the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-ide", "scrambled": "eTh final etvo ot nde the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-idePtensr Donald Trump ni aMcrh of 2020 was overwhelmingly tsbraainip, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared het House elreair iths year, now heads to eirPnesdt Joe eiBnd\u2019s ekds.", "original": "The final vote to end the Covid-19 emergency declared by then-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which cleared the House earlier this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "recovered": "The final vote on the bill to declare the October 19 emergency decree by the then-president Donald Trump in the year of 2020 was overwhelmingly tsbraainip, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared the House elreair iths year, now heads to eirPnesdt Joe eiBnd\u2019s ekds."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The firms ewer also ordered ot repay a ttaol fo around \u00a35 million in lsto easgw to 63,000 fftas, following investigations by RCHM dating cabk ot 2017. M&S, WHSmith and oAgrs all dasi eht abceersh erwe ntelotnnianui nda had eebn swiftly remedied.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 former staff, following investigations by RCHM dating back to 2017. Scrambled sentence: The firms were also ordered ot repay a ttaol fo around \u00a35 million in lsto easgww to 63,000 fftas, following investigations by RCHM dating cabk ot 2017. Scrambled sentence: The firms ewer also ordered ot repay a ttaol fo around \u00a35 million in lsto easgww to 63,000 fftas, following investigations by RCHM dating cabk ot 2017. Scrambled sentence: The firms ewer also ordered ot repay a ttaol fo around \u00a35 million in lsto easgww to 63,000 fftas, following investigations by RCHM dating cabk ot 2017. Scrambled sentence: The firms ewer also ordered ot repay a ttaol fo around \u00a35 million in ", "scrambled": "The firms ewer also ordered ot repay a ttaol fo around \u00a35 million in lsto easgw to 63,000 fftas, following investigations by RCHM dating cabk ot 2017. M&S, WHSmith and oAgrs all dasi eht abceersh erwe ntelotnnianui nda had eebn swiftly remedied.", "original": "The firms were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied.", "recovered": "were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 former staff, following investigations by RCHM dating back to 2017."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT first football match ta what was then called eth Empire Stadium ootk eapcl no 28 irlAp 1923. During tis yertunc-olgn history, Wembley has eebn eth site fo ngdnlEa\u2019s 1966 lodWr Cup oyvrcti, eht 1985 Live Adi eccotnr and the Lionesses\u2019 ocrvyti ni the Women\u2019s srEou last year.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium opened on April 28th 1923. During this year-long Wemble The stadium has been the site of many famous events. Scrambled sentence: heT first football match ta what was then called eth Empire Stadium ootk eapcl no 28 irlAp 1923. During tis yertunc-olgn history, Wemble Scram Jude\u0163ean viitorul lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "heT first football match ta what was then called eth Empire Stadium ootk eapcl no 28 irlAp 1923. During tis yertunc-olgn history, Wembley has eebn eth site fo ngdnlEa\u2019s 1966 lodWr Cup oyvrcti, eht 1985 Live Adi eccotnr and the Lionesses\u2019 ocrvyti ni the Women\u2019s srEou last year.", "original": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euros last year.", "recovered": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium opened on April 28th 1923. During this year-long Wemble The stadium has been the site of many famous events."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The first olrlre ecaosrt in micraeA opened no noyCe Island, ni oylorknB, ewN York, in 1884.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The first olrlre ecaosrt in micraeA opened no noyCe Island, ni oylorknB, ewN York, in 1884. Scrambled sentence: The first olrlre ecaosrt in micraeA opened no noyCe Island, ni oylorknB, ewN York, in 1884. Scrambled sentence: The first olrlre ecaosrt in micraeA opened no noyCe Island, ni oylorknB, ewN York, in 1884. Scrambled sentence: The first olrlre ecaosrt in micraeA opened no noyCe Island, ni oylorknB, ewN York, in 1884. Scrambled sentence: The first olrlre ecaosrt in micraeA opened no noyCe Island, ni oylor", "scrambled": "The first olrlre ecaosrt in micraeA opened no noyCe Island, ni oylorknB, ewN York, in 1884.", "original": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "recovered": "The first olrlre ecaosrt in micraeA opened no noyCe Island, ni oylorknB, ewN York, in 1884."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh flag, tcraede yb activist Ben Haith, onrfeud fo het lntaNioa Juneteenth Celebration otdnoiunaF, sha a hetiw tars in the middle npreetsgreni the Lone Star taSte of Texas sa well sa eth freedom fo African Americans ni lla 50 states.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haile, honored for the Juneteenth Celebration, has a hetiw tars in the middle of the Lone Star taSte of Texas as well as freedom for African Americans in all 50 states. Scrambled sentence: Teh flag, tcraede yb activist Ben Haith, onrfeud fo het lntaNioa Juneteenth Celebration otdnoiunaF, sha a hetiw tars in the middle npreetsgreni the Lone Star taSte of Texas sa well sa eth freedom fo African Americans ni lla 50 states. Recovered sentence: The flag, created by activist Ben Haith, honored for the Juneteenth Celebration, has a hetiw tars in the middle of the Lone Star taSte of Texas as well as freedom for African Americans in all 50 states. Scrambled sentence: Teh flag, tcraede yb activist Ben Haith, onrfeud fo", "scrambled": "Teh flag, tcraede yb activist Ben Haith, onrfeud fo het lntaNioa Juneteenth Celebration otdnoiunaF, sha a hetiw tars in the middle npreetsgreni the Lone Star taSte of Texas sa well sa eth freedom fo African Americans ni lla 50 states.", "original": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haith, founder of the National Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the freedom of African Americans in all 50 states.", "recovered": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haile, honored for the Juneteenth Celebration, has a hetiw tars in the middle of the Lone Star taSte of Texas as well as freedom for African Americans in all 50 states."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe orermf health secretary beat ivrla Kate seFobr in the battle to replace Nicola etrougnS sa aeledr of hte Scottish itoaalnN Party, aetfr Ash ngRea was enladitemi ni het tirfs-onudr ballot of trapy bmmeesr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The former health secretary beat Kate sesear\u0103 in the battle to replace Nicol Ash The former health secretary beat Kate sesear\u0103 in the battle to replace Nicol Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scram The following", "scrambled": "hTe orermf health secretary beat ivrla Kate seFobr in the battle to replace Nicola etrougnS sa aeledr of hte Scottish itoaalnN Party, aetfr Ash ngRea was enladitemi ni het tirfs-onudr ballot of trapy bmmeesr.", "original": "The former health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola Sturgeon as leader of the Scottish National Party, after Ash Regan was eliminated in the first-round ballot of party members.", "recovered": "The former health secretary beat Kate sesear\u0103 in the battle to replace Nicol Ash The former health secretary beat Kate sesear\u0103 in the battle to replace Nicol Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT oefmrr prime minister si contesting eth bill fro scots ecrudrni at Chevening House ni tKen during hre retneu sa foreign secretary. The costs reportedly licndeu oodf, ewin and nmigsis items, utb Truss yssa the stva majority of het iinceov relates ot ciflafoi government business, for hchwi she lwduo otn be belali, eartrh than personal expenses.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "the former prime minister is contesting the bill for Scottish embattled ecrudrni at Chevening House ni tKen during her retneu sa foreign secretary. The costs reportedly licndeu oodf, ewin and nmigsis items, but Truss yssa the stva majority of het iinceov relates to ciflafoi government business, for hchwi she lwduo otn be belali, eartrh than personal expenses. Scrambled sentence: heT oefmrrr prime minister si contesting eth bill fro scots ecrudrni at Chevening House ni tKen during hre retneu sa foreign secretary. The costs reportedly licndeu oodf, ewin and nmigsis items, utb Truss yssa the stva majority of het i", "scrambled": "heT oefmrr prime minister si contesting eth bill fro scots ecrudrni at Chevening House ni tKen during hre retneu sa foreign secretary. The costs reportedly licndeu oodf, ewin and nmigsis items, utb Truss yssa the stva majority of het iinceov relates ot ciflafoi government business, for hchwi she lwduo otn be belali, eartrh than personal expenses.", "original": "The former prime minister is contesting the bill for costs incurred at Chevening House in Kent during her tenure as foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include food, wine and missing items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to official government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.", "recovered": "the former prime minister is contesting the bill for Scottish embattled ecrudrni at Chevening House ni tKen during her retneu sa foreign secretary. The costs reportedly licndeu oodf, ewin and nmigsis items, but Truss yssa the stva majority of het iinceov relates to ciflafoi government business, for hchwi she lwduo otn be belali, eartrh than personal expenses."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh tangi rasskh were much earrmw elodobd tanh hrtoe miisral escpsei, according ot ewn analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide scelu about awht caused the megalodon ot go tecnitx oemr anht ether millions years ago.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The tiger sharks were much earlier megalodon than had previously been thought, according to a new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct millions of years ago. Scrambled sentence: eTh tangi rasskh were much earrmw elodobd tanh hrtoe miisral escpsei, according ot ewn analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide scelu about awht caused the megalodon ot go tecnitx oemr anht anht ether millions years ago. Scrambled sentence: eTh tangi rasskh were much earrmw elodobd tanh hrtoe miisral escpsei, according ot ewn analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide scelu about awht caused the megalodon o", "scrambled": "eTh tangi rasskh were much earrmw elodobd tanh hrtoe miisral escpsei, according ot ewn analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide scelu about awht caused the megalodon ot go tecnitx oemr anht ether millions years ago.", "original": "The giant sharks were much warmer blooded than other similar species, according to new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.", "recovered": "The tiger sharks were much earlier megalodon than had previously been thought, according to a new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct millions of years ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT gvernoemtn missed ayMond\u2019s ldideena ot hand roev soBir Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp sgasesem, ebsceua the former preim itrmsine was said ot have forgotten het passcode rof his dol phone. A spokesperson for the efmrro ierpm irtinmse iads Johnson shiesw ot cooperate with the niqriuy. Andrew Whaley, na expert in cybersecurity, dismissed hsJnono\u2019s acsesopd claim, lnlteig Syk News ti swa a \u201cpretty amel xcusee\u201d dna thta \u201caccessing the tada would take minutes\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The government missed today\u2019s deadline to hand over former foreign secretary Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp system, because the former prime minister is said to have forgotten the passcode of his dod phone. A spokesperson for the former foreign secretary said Johnson refused to cooperate with the investigation. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s accurate claim, telling Sky News that it was a \u201cpretty amel xcusee\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d. Scrambled sentence: ehT gvernoemtn missed ayMond\u2019s ldideena ot hand roev soBir Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp sgasesem, ebsceua the former preim itrmsine was said ot have forgotten het passcode rof his dol phone. A spokesperson for the efmrro ierpm irtinmse iads Johnson shiesw ot cooperate with the niqriuy. Andrew Whaley, na expert in cybersecurity, dismissed", "scrambled": "ehT gvernoemtn missed ayMond\u2019s ldideena ot hand roev soBir Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp sgasesem, ebsceua the former preim itrmsine was said ot have forgotten het passcode rof his dol phone. A spokesperson for the efmrro ierpm irtinmse iads Johnson shiesw ot cooperate with the niqriuy. Andrew Whaley, na expert in cybersecurity, dismissed hsJnono\u2019s acsesopd claim, lnlteig Syk News ti swa a \u201cpretty amel xcusee\u201d dna thta \u201caccessing the tada would take minutes\u201d.", "original": "The government missed Monday\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "recovered": "The government missed today\u2019s deadline to hand over former foreign secretary Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp system, because the former prime minister is said to have forgotten the passcode of his dod phone. A spokesperson for the former foreign secretary said Johnson refused to cooperate with the investigation. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s accurate claim, telling Sky News that it was a \u201cpretty amel xcusee\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT giegunss meag began last week when eth book appeared no ltmpiuel keoblorels btwieses under hte nmae 4C Untitled lFtoanri inonNiftoc Summer 2023. tBu biupglnish sueho Flatiron osoBk has solved het mystery by revealing that teh eagerly anticipated release si about het K-pop obaydbn and will eb published ni uJly under the teitl oenydB the Story: 10-Year cdoreR fo SBT.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The mystery began last week when the book appeared on limited edition Kindle bookshelves under the name 4C Untitled lFtoanri inonNiftoc Summer 2023. The book\u2019s British publisher, Flatiron Books, has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop obsession and will be published in June under the title Until the End of the Story: 10-Year Collector\u2019s Edition for SBT. Scrambled sentence: ehT giegunss meag began last week when eth book appeared no ltmpiuel keoblorels btwieses under hte nmae 4C Untitled lFtoanri inonNiftoc Summer 2023. tBu biupglnish sueho Flatiron osoBk has solved het mystery by revealing that teh eagerly anticipated release si about het K-pop obaydbn and will eb published ni uJly under the teitl oeny", "scrambled": "ehT giegunss meag began last week when eth book appeared no ltmpiuel keoblorels btwieses under hte nmae 4C Untitled lFtoanri inonNiftoc Summer 2023. tBu biupglnish sueho Flatiron osoBk has solved het mystery by revealing that teh eagerly anticipated release si about het K-pop obaydbn and will eb published ni uJly under the teitl oenydB the Story: 10-Year cdoreR fo SBT.", "original": "The guessing game began last week when the book appeared on multiple bookseller websites under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. But publishing house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop boyband and will be published in July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "recovered": "The mystery began last week when the book appeared on limited edition Kindle bookshelves under the name 4C Untitled lFtoanri inonNiftoc Summer 2023. The book\u2019s British publisher, Flatiron Books, has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop obsession and will be published in June under the title Until the End of the Story: 10-Year Collector\u2019s Edition for SBT."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local emrgtnvoen told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin thta het nrayaC island\u2019s oersstr hda obmeec rlovye etirnal on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from hte KU nda should eb csiuogfn on strisivo mrof Germany, \u201cowh npdes omre hnwe they ear here\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local emrgtnvoen told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin that the nrayaC island\u2019s oersstr hda obme The head of Lanza Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103. Scrambled sentence: The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local emrg The head of Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019s Lanzarote\u2019", "scrambled": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local emrgtnvoen told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin thta het nrayaC island\u2019s oersstr hda obmeec rlovye etirnal on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from hte KU nda should eb csiuogfn on strisivo mrof Germany, \u201cowh npdes omre hnwe they ear here\u201d.", "original": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a tourism trade fair in Berlin that the Canary island\u2019s resorts had become overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the UK and should be focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cwho spend more when they are here\u201d.", "recovered": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local emrgtnvoen told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin that the nrayaC island\u2019s oersstr hda obme The head of Lanza Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The historic Crooked eHsou, ni the laligev fo Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 esyar fo trading, reatf being sold ot a private eurby \u201cfor etvnaarltei use\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The historic Crooked House, in the laligev fo Himley, has closed for the last time following 192 years of trading, reatf being sold ot a private buyer \u201cfor exclusive use\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The historic Crooked eHsou, ni the laligev fo Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 esyar fo trading, reatf being sold ot a private eurby \u201cfor etvnaarltei use\u201d. Recovered sentence: The historic Crooked House, in the laligev fo Himley, has closed for the last time following 192 years of trading, reatf being sold ot a private eurby \u201cfor exclusive use\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The historic Crooked eHsou, ni the laligev fo Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 esyar fo trading, reatf being sold ot a private eurby \u201cfor etvnaarl", "scrambled": "The historic Crooked eHsou, ni the laligev fo Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 esyar fo trading, reatf being sold ot a private eurby \u201cfor etvnaarltei use\u201d.", "original": "The historic Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has called time following 192 years of trading, after being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.", "recovered": "The historic Crooked House, in the laligev fo Himley, has closed for the last time following 192 years of trading, reatf being sold ot a private buyer \u201cfor exclusive use\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The indictment smeak rpmuT eth first xe-nsdreietp ni SU oshyrti ot face ianlcmir charges. hTe case against mhi centres on an delalge $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma made ot adult film atrs Stormy ialnDes gdruin the final days fo het 2016 presidential campaign.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The indictment smeak rpmuT eth first xe-nsdreietp ni SU oshyrti ot face ianlcmir charges. hTe case against mhi centres on an delalge $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma made ot adult film atrs Stormy ialnDes gdruin the final days fo het 2016 presidential campaign. Scrambled sentence: The indictment smeak rpmuT eth first xe-nsdreietp ni SU oshyrti ot face ianlcmir charges. hTe case against mhi centres on an delalge $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma made ot adult film atrs Stormy ialnDes gdruin the final days fo het 2016 presidential campaign. Scrambled sentence: The indictment smeak rpm", "scrambled": "The indictment smeak rpmuT eth first xe-nsdreietp ni SU oshyrti ot face ianlcmir charges. hTe case against mhi centres on an delalge $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma made ot adult film atrs Stormy ialnDes gdruin the final days fo het 2016 presidential campaign.", "original": "The indictment makes Trump the first ex-president in US history to face criminal charges. The case against him centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payment made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "recovered": "The indictment smeak rpmuT eth first xe-nsdreietp ni SU oshyrti ot face ianlcmir charges. hTe case against mhi centres on an delalge $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma made ot adult film atrs Stormy ialnDes gdruin the final days fo het 2016 presidential campaign."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT journalist and rotauh is nsugi eth eromrf rdspeeitn orf battery dan fnedtmioaa, ailinmcg he dpear her in a department otesr incgahng room in 1996 dna then dnidee ti years later. Trump denies het reashcg nda is not etecdxep ot appear in court.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Journalist and former Apprentice star is suing the president for sexual battery and false arrest, alleging he dpear her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then dnidee ti years later. Trump denies het reporter nda is not etecdxep ot appear in court. Scrambled sentence: heT journalist and rotauh is nsugi eth eromrf rdspeeitn orf battery dan fnedtmioaaa, ailinmcg he dpear her in a department otesr incgahng room in 1996 dna then dnidee ti years later. Trump denies het reporter nda is not etecdxep ot appear in court. Scrambled sentence: heT journalist and rotauh is nsugi eth eromrf rdspeeitn orf battery dan fnedtmioaaa", "scrambled": "heT journalist and rotauh is nsugi eth eromrf rdspeeitn orf battery dan fnedtmioaa, ailinmcg he dpear her in a department otesr incgahng room in 1996 dna then dnidee ti years later. Trump denies het reashcg nda is not etecdxep ot appear in court.", "original": "The journalist and author is suing the former president for battery and defamation, claiming he raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it years later. Trump denies the charges and is not expected to appear in court.", "recovered": "Journalist and former Apprentice star is suing the president for sexual battery and false arrest, alleging he dpear her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then dnidee ti years later. Trump denies het reporter nda is not etecdxep ot appear in court."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo ugtosh the hrigt ot \u201ca quiet ifel\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district thiw bgiltusn tgieifhnl ni eht nonrehtr city of Brescia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The couple have endured a 10-year legal case in which they have fought to regain the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district that is both a borough and a neighborhood in the non-religious city of Brescia. Scrambled sentence: heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo ugtosh ot \u201ca quiet ifel\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district thiw bgiltusn thgieifhnl thiw bgiltusn thiw bgiltusn thiw bgiltusn thiw bgiltusn thiw", "scrambled": "heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo ugtosh the hrigt ot \u201ca quiet ifel\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district thiw bgiltusn tgieifhnl ni eht nonrehtr city of Brescia.", "original": "The landmark ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling nightlife in the northern city of Brescia.", "recovered": "The couple have endured a 10-year legal case in which they have fought to regain the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district that is both a borough and a neighborhood in the non-religious city of Brescia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The astl spersgnae rescued hda nebe siuepd down for mreo ntha three hrosu after eth ried dlleast. heT ride has ebne opaymerlrit closed while authorities investigate eth terrifying ordeal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The astonished passengers rescued had been pinned down for more than three hours after the ride derailed. The ride has been officially closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal. Scrambled sentence: The astl spersgnae rescued hda nebe siuepd down for mreo ntha three hrosu after eth ried dlleast. heT ride has ebne opaymerlrit closed while authorities investigate eth terrifying ordeal. Scrambled sentence: The astl spersgnae rescued hda nebe siuepd down for mreo ntha three hrosu after eth ried dlleast. heT ride has ebne opaymerlrit closed while authorities investigate eth terrifying ordeal. Scrambled sentence: The astl spersgnae rescued hda nebe siuepd down for mreo ntha three hrosu after eth", "scrambled": "The astl spersgnae rescued hda nebe siuepd down for mreo ntha three hrosu after eth ried dlleast. heT ride has ebne opaymerlrit closed while authorities investigate eth terrifying ordeal.", "original": "The last passenger rescued had been upside down for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride has been temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.", "recovered": "The astonished passengers rescued had been pinned down for more than three hours after the ride derailed. The ride has been officially closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The etstal rtoivyc puts anM City otnij twih Aston Villa for total AF Cup telit snwi. heT drecor orf the most nwis is held eb Arsenal, at 14, followed yb naM Utd (12), nad heaelCs, eovpoirLl and toahnemTt (all on 8).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The etstal rtoivyc puts anM City otni The AF Cup. Scrambled sentence: The etstal rtoivyc puts anM City otnihtwih Aston Villa for total AF Cup telit wins. The record for the most wins is held by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Manchester United (12), and followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Arsenal, at 14, and followed by Arsenal, at 14. Scrambled sentence: The et", "scrambled": "The etstal rtoivyc puts anM City otnij twih Aston Villa for total AF Cup telit snwi. heT drecor orf the most nwis is held eb Arsenal, at 14, followed yb naM Utd (12), nad heaelCs, eovpoirLl and toahnemTt (all on 8).", "original": "The latest victory puts Man City joint with Aston Villa for total FA Cup title wins. The record for the most wins is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham (all on 8).", "recovered": "The etstal rtoivyc puts anM City otni The AF Cup."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni are tes to ipctam about 7,000 jobs, CEO obB Iger sdai this week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Walt Disney Company plans to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Scrambled sentence: eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni are tes to ipctam about 7,000 jobs, CEO obB Iger sdai this week. Scrambled sentence: eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni are tes to ipctam about 7,000 jobs, CEO obB Iger sdai this week. Scrambled sentence: eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni are tes to ipctam about 7,000 jobs, CEO obB Iger sdai this week. Scrambled sentence: eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni are tes to ipctam about 7,000 jobs, CEO obB Iger sdai this week. Scrambled sentence: eTh ofaylsf", "scrambled": "eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni are tes to ipctam about 7,000 jobs, CEO obB Iger sdai this week.", "original": "The layoffs at Disney are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week.", "recovered": "The Walt Disney Company plans to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ieulrse dan ophtlsatiyi tydrsniu si snuilgtgrg ot vecrero all the workers ti lost due ot the pandemic, tceern data fmor hte Bureau of Labor aittstiScs shows. hsTi soretc sah the biggest aesogrht of krweosr, down 349,000 people, or 2% fo eth ttlao pre-pandemic workforce.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The influenza pandemic has been a big hit to the U.S. workforce, but it is too soon to say how many workers have been lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. The healthcare sector has seen the biggest decrease of workforce, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the pre-pandemic workforce. Scrambled sentence: The ieulrse dan ophtlsatiyi tydrsniu si snuilgtgrg ot vecrero all the workers ti lost due ot the pandemic, tceern data fmor hte Bureau of Labor aittstiScs shows. hsTi soretc sah the biggest aesogrht of krweosr, down 349,000 people, or 2% fo eth ttlao pre-pandemic workforce. Recovered sentence: The influenza pandemic has been a big hit to the U.S. workforce, but it is too soon to", "scrambled": "The ieulrse dan ophtlsatiyi tydrsniu si snuilgtgrg ot vecrero all the workers ti lost due ot the pandemic, tceern data fmor hte Bureau of Labor aittstiScs shows. hsTi soretc sah the biggest aesogrht of krweosr, down 349,000 people, or 2% fo eth ttlao pre-pandemic workforce.", "original": "The leisure and hospitality industry is struggling to recover all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This sector has the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce.", "recovered": "The influenza pandemic has been a big hit to the U.S. workforce, but it is too soon to say how many workers have been lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. The healthcare sector has seen the biggest decrease of workforce, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the pre-pandemic workforce."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lfniitg fo Title 42 means that eht US government lwil rnretu to a decades-lod section fo teh SU code known sa liTte 8, ihchw Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned ulwdo yrrca \u201croem severe\u201d scqunseneoce fro migrants found to eb nrentgei eth oucytnr ulnyluflwa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The loss of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned will impose \u201cvery severe\u201d sanctions on migrants found to have violated the order. Scrambled sentence: The lfniitg fo Title 42 means that eht US government lwil rnretu to a decades-lod section fo teh SU code known sa liTte 8, ihchw Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned ulwdo yrrca \u201croem severe\u201d scqunsenoce fro migrants found to eb nrentgei eth oucytnr ulnyluflwa. Scrambled sentence: The lfniitg fo Title 42 means that eht US government lwil rnretu to a decades-lod section fo teh SU code known sa liT", "scrambled": "The lfniitg fo Title 42 means that eht US government lwil rnretu to a decades-lod section fo teh SU code known sa liTte 8, ihchw Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned ulwdo yrrca \u201croem severe\u201d scqunseneoce fro migrants found to eb nrentgei eth oucytnr ulnyluflwa.", "original": "The lifting of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully.", "recovered": "The loss of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned will impose \u201cvery severe\u201d sanctions on migrants found to have violated the order."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency edu to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency due to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo. Scrambled sentence: The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency due to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo. Recovered sentence: The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency due to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo. Scrambled sentence: Teh majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency due to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo. Recovered sentence: The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew", "scrambled": "Teh majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency edu to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo.", "original": "The majority of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.", "recovered": "The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency due to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe microscopic roundworm, or nematode, dha lain dormant in niiaSreb rotpaefsmr icens the last eIc gAe. tI asw unearthed fomr a fossilised squirrel browru extracted mrof teh roasnttreehn Arctic ni 2002.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, has lain dormant in a squirrel\u2019s rotpaesear\u0103fsmr icens the last eIc gAe. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel brow Jude\u0163ean extracted from the Arctic in 2002. The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, has lain dormant in a squirrel\u2019s rotpaesear\u0103fsmr icens the last eIc gAe. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel browru extracted from the Arctic in 2002. The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, has lain dormant in a squirrel\u2019s rotpaesear\u0103fsmr icens the last eIc gAe. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel browru extracted from the Arctic in 2002. The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, has lain dormant in a squirrel\u2019s rotpa", "scrambled": "hTe microscopic roundworm, or nematode, dha lain dormant in niiaSreb rotpaefsmr icens the last eIc gAe. tI asw unearthed fomr a fossilised squirrel browru extracted mrof teh roasnttreehn Arctic ni 2002.", "original": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in Siberian permafrost since the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from the northeastern Arctic in 2002.", "recovered": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, has lain dormant in a squirrel\u2019s rotpaesear\u0103fsmr icens the last eIc gAe. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel brow Jude\u0163ean extracted from the Arctic in 2002. The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, has lain dormant in a squirrel\u2019s rotpaesear\u0103fsmr icens the last eIc gAe. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel browru extracted from the Arctic in 2002. The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, has lain dormant in a squirrel\u2019s rotpaesear\u0103fsmr icens the last eIc gAe. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel browru extracted from the Arctic in 2002. The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, has lain dormant in a squirrel\u2019s rotpa"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ngiisms section eastd kcba almost 1,500 reysa and is noe of het earliest translations fo eth Gospels, according ot scientists who sdue ultraviolet aptrpyhogoh to idnf eth cahtepr hidden beneath rehte arlyes of text on a manuscript ni eht Vatican yiarLrb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Gospels section easts back almost 1,500 years and is now one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet spectroscopy to identify the code hidden beneath layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican library. Scrambled sentence: eTh ngiisms sectioe eastd kcba almost 1,500 reysa and is noe of het earliest translations fo eth Gospels, according ot scientists who sdue ultraviolet aptrpyhogoh to idnf eth cahtepr hidden beneath rehte arlyes of text on a manuscript ni eht Vatican yiarLrb. Recovered sentence: The Gospels section easts back almost 1,500 years and is now one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet spectroscopy to identify the code hidden beneath layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican library. Scrambled sentence: eTh ngiisms sectioe eastd", "scrambled": "eTh ngiisms section eastd kcba almost 1,500 reysa and is noe of het earliest translations fo eth Gospels, according ot scientists who sdue ultraviolet aptrpyhogoh to idnf eth cahtepr hidden beneath rehte arlyes of text on a manuscript ni eht Vatican yiarLrb.", "original": "The missing section dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet photography to find the chapter hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican Library.", "recovered": "The Gospels section easts back almost 1,500 years and is now one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet spectroscopy to identify the code hidden beneath layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican library."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh new Covid-19 vsncciae, which should be ready by the end fo etmpbeSer, ilwl be dmea available cydrleit ofmr hte amruntfaercus no het commercial market, earhtr ahnt through het SU government.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The new Covid-19 videocassettes, which should be ready by the end of the semester, will be made available to the public through the Amruntfaercus on the commercial market, not through the SU government. Scrambled sentence: Teh new Covid-19 vsncciae, which should be ready by the end fo etmpbeSer, ilwl be dmea available cydrleit ofmr hte amruntfaercus no het commercial market, earhtr ahnt through het SU government. Recovered sentence: The new Covid-19 videocassettes, which should be ready by the end of the semester, will be made available to the public through the Amruntfaercus on the commercial market, not through the SU government. Scrambled sentence: Teh new Covid-19 vsncciae, which should be ready by the end fo etmpbeSer, ilwl be dmea available cydrleit ofmr h", "scrambled": "Teh new Covid-19 vsncciae, which should be ready by the end fo etmpbeSer, ilwl be dmea available cydrleit ofmr hte amruntfaercus no het commercial market, earhtr ahnt through het SU government.", "original": "The new Covid-19 vaccines, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "recovered": "The new Covid-19 videocassettes, which should be ready by the end of the semester, will be made available to the public through the Amruntfaercus on the commercial market, not through the SU government."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh newly announced stca fo hte upcoming gihte-part erises \u2013 set in eth cut-throat rldwo of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai Turner, raeliC ohrsRbkuo, revOil hsiCr and mEiyl Atack.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The newly announced stars for the upcoming six-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 are Isla Fisher, Nicola Turner, RaeliC Ohrbkruo, Rev. Oil HicCr and Emily Atack. Scrambled sentence: eTh newly announced stca fo hte upcoming gihte-part erises \u2013 set in eth cut-throat rldwo of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai Turner, raeliC ohrsRbkuo, revOil hsiCr and mEiyl Atack. Recovered sentence: The newly announced stars for the upcoming six-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 are Isla Fisher, Nicola Turner, RaeliC Ohrbkruo, Rev. Oil HicCr and Emily Atack. Scrambled sentence: e", "scrambled": "eTh newly announced stca fo hte upcoming gihte-part erises \u2013 set in eth cut-throat rldwo of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai Turner, raeliC ohrsRbkuo, revOil hsiCr and mEiyl Atack.", "original": "The newly announced cast of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 also includes Aidan Turner, Claire Rushbrook, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.", "recovered": "The newly announced stars for the upcoming six-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 are Isla Fisher, Nicola Turner, RaeliC Ohrbkruo, Rev. Oil HicCr and Emily Atack."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The loi nad gas paomnyc has eben cdueasc of a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d refta agmnik alnueivetq to \u00a3986 per coedsn in teh first quarter of 2023, as hlouhodess struggle ihwt a cost-fo-living crisis largely videnr yb faletind energy llsbi. BP ihst week announced rtsfpoi of \u00a34nb for eth same doprie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The oil and gas paomnyc has eben cdueasc of a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d refta agmnik alnueivetq to \u00a3986 per coedsn in the first quarter of 2023, as hlouhodess struggle ihwt a cost-fo-living crisis largely videnr yb faletind energy llsbi. Scrambled sentence: The loi nad gas paomnyc has eben cdueasc of a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d refta agmnik alnueivetq to \u00a3986 per coedsn in teh first quarter of 2023, as hlouhodess struggle ihwt a cost-fo-living crisis largely videnr yb faletind energy llsbi. Scrambled sentence: The", "scrambled": "The loi nad gas paomnyc has eben cdueasc of a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d refta agmnik alnueivetq to \u00a3986 per coedsn in teh first quarter of 2023, as hlouhodess struggle ihwt a cost-fo-living crisis largely videnr yb faletind energy llsbi. BP ihst week announced rtsfpoi of \u00a34nb for eth same doprie.", "original": "The oil and gas company has been accused of a \u201cprofiteering bonanza\u201d after making equivalent to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as households struggle with a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period.", "recovered": "The oil and gas paomnyc has eben cdueasc of a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d refta agmnik alnueivetq to \u00a3986 per coedsn in the first quarter of 2023, as hlouhodess struggle ihwt a cost-fo-living crisis largely videnr yb faletind energy llsbi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The operator of eth bus outre, hchwi iartemetns ta the Polish eeissda troser of Hel, is knmagi the name hceagn following pressure from religious groups. orF rome ddo nda etnxdcupee news, insg pu ot the Tall eTals nlestwreet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The operator of the bus outre, which carries passengers to the Polish city of Hel, is knmagi the name hceagn following pressure from religious groups. The operator of the bus outre, which carries passengers to the Polish city of Hel, is knmagi the name hceagn following pressure from religious groups. Scrambled sentence: The operator of eth bus outre, hchwi iartemetns ta the Polish eeissda troser of Hel, is knmagi the name hceagn following pressure from religious groups. orF rome ddo nda etnxdcupee news, insg pu ot the Tall eTals nlestwreet. Scrambled sentence: The operator of eth bus outre, hchwi iartemetns ta the Polish eeissda troser of Hel, is knmagi the name hceagn following pressure from religious groups. orF ", "scrambled": "The operator of eth bus outre, hchwi iartemetns ta the Polish eeissda troser of Hel, is knmagi the name hceagn following pressure from religious groups. orF rome ddo nda etnxdcupee news, insg pu ot the Tall eTals nlestwreet.", "original": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Polish seaside resort of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The operator of the bus outre, which carries passengers to the Polish city of Hel, is knmagi the name hceagn following pressure from religious groups. The operator of the bus outre, which carries passengers to the Polish city of Hel, is knmagi the name hceagn following pressure from religious groups."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT wlos have neeb andme Axl, rtefa mraonfnt lAx Rose, and Slash, in honour of eth andb\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben found under eht stage urnidg hte dbna\u2019s headline set ta the iseatlvf. For more odd and unexpected news, sign pu to het Tall alTse enttrelsew.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The winners have now been named Axl, right after most notable Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the andb\u2019s augusttri, reaft have been found under the stage urnidg the dbna\u2019s headline set to the iseatlvf. For more odd and unexpected news, sign pu to het Tall alTse enttrelsew. Scrambled sentence: ehT wlos have neeb andme Axl, rtefa mraonfnt lAx Rose, and Slash, in honour of eth andb\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben found under eht stage urnidg hte dbna\u2019s headline set ta the iseatlvf. For more odd and unexpected news, sign pu to het Tall alTse enttrelsew. Scrambled sentence: ehT wlos have neeb andme Axl, ", "scrambled": "ehT wlos have neeb andme Axl, rtefa mraonfnt lAx Rose, and Slash, in honour of eth andb\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben found under eht stage urnidg hte dbna\u2019s headline set ta the iseatlvf. For more odd and unexpected news, sign pu to het Tall alTse enttrelsew.", "original": "The owls have been named Axl, after frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s guitarist, after being found under the stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The winners have now been named Axl, right after most notable Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the andb\u2019s augusttri, reaft have been found under the stage urnidg the dbna\u2019s headline set to the iseatlvf. For more odd and unexpected news, sign pu to het Tall alTse enttrelsew."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The party\u2019s current anslgo, \u201cBuild a better rinitaB\u201d, was etncuddiro ni March. Recent YouGov polling fdnou atht mlosat fhla fo nsortBi iknht mrrteSa has fdiael ot set tuo a clear vision for the party ni ish three years sa eedral.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better rinitaB\u201d, was etncuddiro in March. Recent YouGov polling fdnou atht mlosat fhla fo nsortBi iknht mrrteSa has fdiael ot set a clear vision for the party in the next three years. Scrambled sentence: The party\u2019s current anslgo, \u201cBuild a better rinitaB\u201d, was etncuddiro in March. Recent YouGov polling fdnou atht mlosat fhla fo nsortBi iknht mrrteSa has fdiael ot set tuo a clear vision for the party ni ish three years sa eedral. Scrambled sentence: The party\u2019s current anslgo, \u201cBuild a better rinitaB\u201d, was etncuddiro in March.", "scrambled": "The party\u2019s current anslgo, \u201cBuild a better rinitaB\u201d, was etncuddiro ni March. Recent YouGov polling fdnou atht mlosat fhla fo nsortBi iknht mrrteSa has fdiael ot set tuo a clear vision for the party ni ish three years sa eedral.", "original": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was introduced in March. Recent YouGov polling found that almost half of Britons think Starmer has failed to set out a clear vision for the party in his three years as leader.", "recovered": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better rinitaB\u201d, was etncuddiro in March. Recent YouGov polling fdnou atht mlosat fhla fo nsortBi iknht mrrteSa has fdiael ot set a clear vision for the party in the next three years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rimep minister is nrdue investigation yb nriamaltPe\u2019s sleaze wtdaohgc evro nlaeitlgoas fo a possible flruiea ot declare shares edhl by shi wife in a childcare ayegcn ootbesd yb the ecrnte Budget. Skanu has osal ecdfa ycsirunt vero issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax atusst, his SU rgnee card and shi dog-walking hiatbs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The shadow minister is under investigation by the prime minister\u2019s sleaze watchdog over possible failures to declare shares owned by his wife in a childcare agency not declared in the last Budget. Skanu has also faced scrutiny over a variety of other issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax affairs, his SU remuneration card and his dog-walking habits. Scrambled sentence: The rimep minister is nrdue investigation yb nriamaltPe\u2019s sleaze wtdaohgc evro nlaeitlgoas fo a possible flruiea ot declare shares edhl by shi wife in a childcare ayegcn ootbesd yb the ecrnte Budget. Skanu has osal ecdfa ycsirunt vero issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax atusst, his SU rgnee card and shi dog-walking hiatb", "scrambled": "The rimep minister is nrdue investigation yb nriamaltPe\u2019s sleaze wtdaohgc evro nlaeitlgoas fo a possible flruiea ot declare shares edhl by shi wife in a childcare ayegcn ootbesd yb the ecrnte Budget. Skanu has osal ecdfa ycsirunt vero issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax atusst, his SU rgnee card and shi dog-walking hiatbs.", "original": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze watchdog over allegations of a possible failure to declare shares held by his wife in a childcare agency boosted by the recent Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny over issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and his dog-walking habits.", "recovered": "The shadow minister is under investigation by the prime minister\u2019s sleaze watchdog over possible failures to declare shares owned by his wife in a childcare agency not declared in the last Budget. Skanu has also faced scrutiny over a variety of other issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax affairs, his SU remuneration card and his dog-walking habits."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The research found that nme spent \u00a3920 no geavrae for binlaerceots ni the UK, while women plcyilaty paid \u00a3652. orF a tasg or nhe do bdarao, men penst an egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo forked uto \u00a31,158.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on gifts for binlaerceots in the UK, while women purely paid \u00a3652. For a task or nothing to do with a boyfriend, men penst an egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo forked up to \u00a31,158. Scrambled sentence: The research found that nme spent \u00a3920 no geavrae for binlaerceots ni the UK, while women plcyilaty paid \u00a3652. orF a tasg or nhe do bdarao, men penst an egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo forked uto \u00a31,158. Recovered sentence: The research found that men spent \u00a3920 no geavrae for binlaerceots in the UK, while women purely paid \u00a3652. For a task or nhe do bdarao, men penst an egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo for", "scrambled": "The research found that nme spent \u00a3920 no geavrae for binlaerceots ni the UK, while women plcyilaty paid \u00a3652. orF a tasg or nhe do bdarao, men penst an egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo forked uto \u00a31,158.", "original": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for celebrations in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women forked out \u00a31,158.", "recovered": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on gifts for binlaerceots in the UK, while women purely paid \u00a3652. For a task or nothing to do with a boyfriend, men penst an egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo forked up to \u00a31,158."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The evrdsei strategy ucdesnli osdzne fo measures nginarg mofr increasing UK wind, lsaro dan nuclear energy ot istvening in anorbc capture and oreagst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The UK energy strategy uses a variety of measures including increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy and investing in carbon capture and storage. Scrambled sentence: The evrdsei strategy ucdesnli osdzne fo measures nginarg mofr increasing UK wind, lsaro dan nuclear energy ot istvening in anorbc capture and oreagst. Scrambled sentence: The evrdsei strategy ucdesnli osdzne fo measures nginarg mofr increasing UK wind, lsaro dan nuclear energy ot istvening in anorbc capture and oreagst. Scrambled sentence: The evrdsei strategy ucdesnli osdzne fo measures nginarg mofr increasing UK wind, lsaro dan nuclear energy ot istvening in anorbc capture and oreagst. Scrambled sentence: The evrd", "scrambled": "The evrdsei strategy ucdesnli osdzne fo measures nginarg mofr increasing UK wind, lsaro dan nuclear energy ot istvening in anorbc capture and oreagst.", "original": "The revised strategy includes dozens of measures ranging from increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to investing in carbon capture and storage.", "recovered": "The UK energy strategy uses a variety of measures including increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy and investing in carbon capture and storage."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT rock tars\u2019s nrtceoc in Ferrara, with a cowrd fo 50,000 ansf, ewdr tsciimrci from a loalc councillor who edeedm it insensitive to eht \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d efadc by lfdoo evacuees aren the wtors fo eth disaster, ymeler 30 selmi away.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The rock stars\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 attendees, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d experienced by the 50,000 evacuees among the witnesses of the disaster, just 30 miles away. Scrambled sentence: heT rock tars\u2019s nrtceoc in Ferrara, with a cowrd fo 50,000 ansf, ewdr tsciimrci from a loalc councillor who edeedm it insensitive to eht \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d efadc by lfdoo evacuees aren the wtors fo eth disaster, ymeler 30 selmi away. Recovered sentence: The rock stars\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 attendees, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d experienced by", "scrambled": "heT rock tars\u2019s nrtceoc in Ferrara, with a cowrd fo 50,000 ansf, ewdr tsciimrci from a loalc councillor who edeedm it insensitive to eht \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d efadc by lfdoo evacuees aren the wtors fo eth disaster, ymeler 30 selmi away.", "original": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "recovered": "The rock stars\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 attendees, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d experienced by the 50,000 evacuees among the witnesses of the disaster, just 30 miles away."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rules udowl require ticclere vehicles ot account rof pu to two-thirds of enw scra sold in the SU yb 2032 in ahtw odlwu eb oen of the eiBnd administration\u2019s smto aggressive climate-hneagc iplceios tye.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of all new vehicles sold in the U.S. by 2032 in ahtw o The rules would require electric vehicles to make up two-thirds of the new vehicles sold in the U.S. by 2032 in spite of the Trump administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policy. Scrambled sentence: The rules would require ticclere vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of all new vehicles sold in the U.S. by 2032 in spite of the Trump administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policy. Scrambled sentence: The rules would require ticclere vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of all new vehicles sold in the U.S. by 2032 in spite of the Trump administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policy. Scrambled sentence: The rules would require ticclere vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of all new vehicles sold in the U.S. by 2032 in spite of the Trump administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policy. Scrambled sentence: The rules would require ticcle", "scrambled": "The rules udowl require ticclere vehicles ot account rof pu to two-thirds of enw scra sold in the SU yb 2032 in ahtw odlwu eb oen of the eiBnd administration\u2019s smto aggressive climate-hneagc iplceios tye.", "original": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies yet.", "recovered": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of all new vehicles sold in the U.S. by 2032 in ahtw o The rules would require electric vehicles to make up two-thirds of the new vehicles sold in the U.S. by 2032 in spite of the Trump administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ixs-prta show, hosted yb nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur adults mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni front of teenagers, sparking criticism from sveiwer and Conservative MPs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The X-Factor, hosted by a nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur adults mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni front of teenagers, sparking criticism from sveiwer and Conservative MPs. Scrambled sentence: Teh ixs-prta show, hosted by a nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur adults mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni front of teenagers, sparking criticism from sveiwer and Conservative MPs. Recovered sentence: The X-Factor, hosted by a nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur adults mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni front of teenager", "scrambled": "Teh ixs-prta show, hosted yb nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur adults mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni front of teenagers, sparking criticism from sveiwer and Conservative MPs.", "original": "The six-part show, hosted by Anna Richardson, features adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from viewers and Conservative MPs.", "recovered": "The X-Factor, hosted by a nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur adults mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni front of teenagers, sparking criticism from sveiwer and Conservative MPs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The so-called \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer descendants of four hugtorb to Colombia yb elta druglord Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht they eops a suireos threat to humans dan ohter wildlife ahve ifednsnitei after a wen census found atth the nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou has expanded to up ot 215.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The so-called \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer descendants of four hugtorb to Colombia yb elta druglord Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht they eops a suireos threat to humans dan ohter wildlife ahve ifednsnitei after a wen census found atth the nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou has expanded to up ot 215. Scrambled sentence: The so-called \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer descendants of four hugtorb to Colombia yb elta druglord Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht they eops a suireos threat to humans dan ohter wildlife ahve ifednsnitei after a wen census found atth the nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou has expanded to up ot 215. Scrambled sentence", "scrambled": "The so-called \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer descendants of four hugtorb to Colombia yb elta druglord Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht they eops a suireos threat to humans dan ohter wildlife ahve ifednsnitei after a wen census found atth the nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou has expanded to up ot 215.", "original": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by late druglord Pablo Escobar. Warnings that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have intensified after a new census found that the invasive hippo population has expanded to up to 215.", "recovered": "The so-called \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer descendants of four hugtorb to Colombia yb elta druglord Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht they eops a suireos threat to humans dan ohter wildlife ahve ifednsnitei after a wen census found atth the nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou has expanded to up ot 215."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The start fo the singer\u2019s drowl turo ni comoSthkl tsla month triggered a spike in demand ta thsole nad ansrsetuart that has won bnee ildekn ot higher-than-tdxeeecp inflation fo 9.7% ni Mya. orF more odd nda unexpected news, sign pu to eth Tall Tales newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The start of the singer\u2019s drowl tour in the commonwealth last month triggered a spike in demand for the sole and only stye of art that has won\u2019t be influenced by higher-than-expected inflation for 9.7% in Myanmar. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up for the Tall Tales newsletter. Scrambled sentence: The start fo the singer\u2019s drowl turo ni comoSthkl tsla month triggered a spike in demand ta thsole nad ansrsetuart that has won bnee ildekn ot higher-than-tdxeeeecp inflation fo 9.7% ni Mya. orF more odd nda unexpected news, sign pu eth Tall Tales newsletter. Recovered sentence: The start fo the singer\u2019s drowl tour in the commonwealth last month triggered a spike in demand ta thsole nad ansrsetuart that has won\u2019t be influenced by higher-than-expected inflation", "scrambled": "The start fo the singer\u2019s drowl turo ni comoSthkl tsla month triggered a spike in demand ta thsole nad ansrsetuart that has won bnee ildekn ot higher-than-tdxeeecp inflation fo 9.7% ni Mya. orF more odd nda unexpected news, sign pu to eth Tall Tales newsletter.", "original": "The start of the singer\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month triggered a spike in demand at hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-expected inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The start of the singer\u2019s drowl tour in the commonwealth last month triggered a spike in demand for the sole and only stye of art that has won\u2019t be influenced by higher-than-expected inflation for 9.7% in Myanmar. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up for the Tall Tales newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, aassKn and Iowa, hwit het msot damage reported ni oOmkhala, according to saofiflci. At elats four dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass the state and noeckdk otu power for tuabo 20,000 moesh and businesses.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, aassKn and Iowa, hwit het msot damage reported ni oOmkhala, according to saofiflci. At elats four dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass the state and noeckdk otu power for tuabo 20,000 moesh and businesses. Scrambled sentence: ehT storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, aassKn and Iowa, hwit het msot damage reported ni oOmkhala, according to saofiflci. At elats four dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass the state and noeckdk otu power for tuabo 20,000 moesh and businesses. Scrambled sentence: ehT storms", "scrambled": "ehT storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, aassKn and Iowa, hwit het msot damage reported ni oOmkhala, according to saofiflci. At elats four dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass the state and noeckdk otu power for tuabo 20,000 moesh and businesses.", "original": "The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. At least four confirmed tornadoes moved across the state and knocked out power for about 20,000 homes and businesses.", "recovered": "The storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, aassKn and Iowa, hwit het msot damage reported ni oOmkhala, according to saofiflci. At elats four dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass the state and noeckdk otu power for tuabo 20,000 moesh and businesses."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The stumping yb Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar monag fans, who dgeura that while allowed nurde kreictc eruls, het move was tno ni eth \u201cspirit of het gmae\u201d. iCcrsti lndncuigi Geoffrey yBtootc vhae called on Australia to lsooeagip, while the rival emta cnmlidpaoe fo \u201cisegvegsar nda abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket ulbC (CCM) rmseemb gfnloilwo Bosraiwt\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s cdneos Ashes seTt ta Lodr\u2019s.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar among fans, who deemed that while allowed under the rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. ICC chairman Geoffrey Toe called on Australia to lift its suspension, while the rival England team condemned \u201cinappropriate and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) review board (CCM) following George Bosrait\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s fifth Ashes test at Lord\u2019s. Scrambled sentence: The stumping by Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar among fans, who deemed that while allowed under the rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. ICC chairman Geoffrey Toe called on Australia to lift its suspension, while the rival England team condemned \u201cinappropriate and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) review board (CCM) following George Bosrait\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s fifth Ashes test at Lord\u2019s. Scrambled sentence: The stumping by Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar", "scrambled": "The stumping yb Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar monag fans, who dgeura that while allowed nurde kreictc eruls, het move was tno ni eth \u201cspirit of het gmae\u201d. iCcrsti lndncuigi Geoffrey yBtootc vhae called on Australia to lsooeagip, while the rival emta cnmlidpaoe fo \u201cisegvegsar nda abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket ulbC (CCM) rmseemb gfnloilwo Bosraiwt\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s cdneos Ashes seTt ta Lodr\u2019s.", "original": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Alex Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Critics including Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to apologise, while the rival team complained of \u201caggressive and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members following Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s second Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.", "recovered": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar among fans, who deemed that while allowed under the rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. ICC chairman Geoffrey Toe called on Australia to lift its suspension, while the rival England team condemned \u201cinappropriate and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) review board (CCM) following George Bosrait\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s fifth Ashes test at Lord\u2019s."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ntinguns collapse of two American nsakb \u2013 nSiloci Valley knBa nda ntaigureS Bank \u2013 edl to ldiw market inwsgs arfte nraaigml Wall Stetre investors.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that aro The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that aro The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that investors on Wall Street are analyzing. Scrambled sentence: The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that investors on Wall Street are analyzing. Scrambled sentence: The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that investors on Wall Street are analyzing. Scrambled sentence: The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that investors on Wall Street are analyzing. Scrambled sentence: The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that", "scrambled": "The ntinguns collapse of two American nsakb \u2013 nSiloci Valley knBa nda ntaigureS Bank \u2013 edl to ldiw market inwsgs arfte nraaigml Wall Stetre investors.", "original": "The stunning collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank \u2013 led to wild market swings after alarming Wall Street investors.", "recovered": "The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that aro The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that aro The collapse of two American banks \u2013 the Silicon Valley Bank and the Savings Bank \u2013 led to a new market information that investors on Wall Street are analyzing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe survey fo 22,000 auldst ni 29 countries found ttah Brits had the third tmso oitpesvi attitude ot refugees, trafe Spain nda ewN aaZndel. heT lbgalo average of dusalt who believe feugrsee make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d asw 45%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude towards refugees, after Spain and the Netherlands. The global average of people who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%. Scrambled sentence: hTe survey fo 22,000 auldst ni 29 countries found ttah Brits had the third tmso oitpesvi attitude ot refugees, trafc The survey of Brit condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii", "scrambled": "hTe survey fo 22,000 auldst ni 29 countries found ttah Brits had the third tmso oitpesvi attitude ot refugees, trafe Spain nda ewN aaZndel. heT lbgalo average of dusalt who believe feugrsee make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d asw 45%.", "original": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Spain and New Zealand. The global average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%.", "recovered": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude towards refugees, after Spain and the Netherlands. The global average of people who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The tech leaders called for a spaue in het \u201cout fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads AI bsal ear rushing ot eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel digital minds ttha no oen \u2013 not vene their creators \u2013 can reanudnsdt, predict, or ebrliyla control.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The tech leaders called for a spaue in het \u201cout fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads AI bsal ear rushing ot eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel digital minds ttha no oen \u2013 not vene their creators \u2013 can reanudnsdt, predict, or ebrliyla control.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The tech leaders called for a spaue in het \u201cout fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads AI bsal ear rushing ot eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel digital minds ttha no oen \u2013 not vene their creators \u2013 can reanudnsdt, predict", "scrambled": "The tech leaders called for a spaue in het \u201cout fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads AI bsal ear rushing ot eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel digital minds ttha no oen \u2013 not vene their creators \u2013 can reanudnsdt, predict, or ebrliyla control.\u201d.", "original": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence race. The letter said AI labs are rushing to develop and deploy \u201cever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.", "recovered": "The tech leaders called for a spaue in het \u201cout fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads AI bsal ear rushing ot eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel digital minds ttha no oen \u2013 not vene their creators \u2013 can reanudnsdt, predict, or ebrliyla control.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. A 76-year-odl mna alleges tlrwoPa \u201ceskdi tou of loonctr\u201d nda arn into him, causing isresuo rieinsju. eTh actress, no the other hand, filed a uretcsutnoi iggenlla eht man ran tion her.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. Scrambled sentence: The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. Scrambled sentence: The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. Scrambled sentence: The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. Scrambled sentence: The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. Scrambled sentence: The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. Scrambled sentence: The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten", "scrambled": "The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. A 76-year-odl mna alleges tlrwoPa \u201ceskdi tou of loonctr\u201d nda arn into him, causing isresuo rieinsju. eTh actress, no the other hand, filed a uretcsutnoi iggenlla eht man ran tion her.", "original": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving Gwyneth Paltrow began this week. A 76-year-old man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The actress, on the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.", "recovered": "The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh uncrewed endeavor, known sa the Psyche isomnsi, wlil ensd the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a emcillta idrtaseo. It is ets ot hanclu in Otrcobe, AASN siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will be the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a emcillta idrtaseo. It is expected to land in Otrcobe, AASN said. Scrambled sentence: Teh uncrewed endeavor, known sa the Psyche isomnsi, wlil ensd the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a emcillta idrtaseo. It is ets ot hanclu in Otrcobe, AASN siad. Recovered sentence: The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will be the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a emcillta idrtaseo. It is expected to land in Otrcobe, AASN said. Scrambled sentence: Teh uncrewed endeavor, known", "scrambled": "Teh uncrewed endeavor, known sa the Psyche isomnsi, wlil ensd the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a emcillta idrtaseo. It is ets ot hanclu in Otrcobe, AASN siad.", "original": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will send the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said.", "recovered": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will be the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a emcillta idrtaseo. It is expected to land in Otrcobe, AASN said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ddnfeiunetii debris is about het siez fo a small cra dan asw onudf dwhsea up on a tmeore habce omes 150 miles north fo Perth. ibrDes sha eneb acrincgu in space uarodn our planet since the rstfi kertco enhslauc ni the late 1950s, with na aietesmdt 36,500 objects greater than 10cm ni near-Earth orbit, icdogcarn to teh eupErnoa Space Agency (EAS).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The space debris is about the size of a small cra dan that landed on a township omes 150 miles north of Perth. Space debris has been accumulating around our planet since the first satellites were launched in the late 1950s, with now more than 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (EAS). Scrambled sentence: The ddnfeiunetii debris is about het siez fo a small cra dan asw onudf dwhsea up on a tmeore habce omes 150 miles north fo Perth. ibrDes sha eneb acrincgu in space uarodn our planet since the rstfi kertco enhslauc ni the late 1950s, with na aietesmdt 36,500 objects greater than 10cm ni near-Earth orbit, icdogcarn to teh eupErnoa Space Agency (", "scrambled": "The ddnfeiunetii debris is about het siez fo a small cra dan asw onudf dwhsea up on a tmeore habce omes 150 miles north fo Perth. ibrDes sha eneb acrincgu in space uarodn our planet since the rstfi kertco enhslauc ni the late 1950s, with na aietesmdt 36,500 objects greater than 10cm ni near-Earth orbit, icdogcarn to teh eupErnoa Space Agency (EAS).", "original": "The unidentified debris is about the size of a small car and was found washed up on a remote beach some 150 miles north of Perth. Debris has been accruing in space around our planet since the first rocket launches in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "recovered": "The space debris is about the size of a small cra dan that landed on a township omes 150 miles north of Perth. Space debris has been accumulating around our planet since the first satellites were launched in the late 1950s, with now more than 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (EAS)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz. Scrambled sentence: The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz. Scrambled sentence: The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz. Scrambled sentence: The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz. Scrambled sentence: The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second ne", "scrambled": "The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz.", "original": "The video attack ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by disasters\u201d, said Quartz.", "recovered": "The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ldwro\u2019s happiest country is iandFnl, according ot teh uannal Wrlod pessnapHi Report, which ranks countries based largely on ifel eluvnatoias from het luGlpa rdlWo lloP. The SU, France, and dnIelra idd not accrk hte top 10.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Denmark, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on eluvnatoias from the luGlpa rdlWo lloP. The US, France, and India did not crack the top 10. Scrambled sentence: The ldwro\u2019s happiest country is iandFnl, according ot teh uannal Wrlod pessnapHi Report, which ranks countries based largely on ifel eluvnatoias from het luGlpa rdlWo lloP. The SU, France, and dnIelra idd not accrk hte top 10. Recovered sentence: The world\u2019s happiest country is Denmark, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on eluvnatoias from the luGlpa ", "scrambled": "The ldwro\u2019s happiest country is iandFnl, according ot teh uannal Wrlod pessnapHi Report, which ranks countries based largely on ifel eluvnatoias from het luGlpa rdlWo lloP. The SU, France, and dnIelra idd not accrk hte top 10.", "original": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on life evaluations from the Gallup World Poll. The US, France, and Ireland did not crack the top 10.", "recovered": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Denmark, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on eluvnatoias from the luGlpa rdlWo lloP. The US, France, and India did not crack the top 10."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The youth-oriented esnw iooasganinrt, once hailed as eon fo the most exciting midea start-psu in the industry, ahs nteyelrc ldeif for atunbkcypr ni eht SU. This nrut fo estenv rmska a significant lownlfad, ercsnndioig that ti saw once edvlau at ryalen $6 billion. Find tuo more no eth latest episode fo \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The youth-oriented new iooasganinrt, once hailed as eon fo the most exciting midea start-psu in the industry, has now negotiated a low-ball offer for a SU. This news for estenv represents a significant lownlfad, recognizing that it saw once edvlau at ryalen $6 billion. Find tuo more no eth latest episode fo \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The youth-oriented new iooasganinrt, once hailed as eon fo the most exciting midea start-psu in the industry, ahs nteyelrc ldeif for atunbkcypr ni eht SU. This nrut fo estenv rmska a significant lownlfad, ercsnndioig that ti saw once edvlau at ryalen $6 billion. Find tuo more no e", "scrambled": "The youth-oriented esnw iooasganinrt, once hailed as eon fo the most exciting midea start-psu in the industry, ahs nteyelrc ldeif for atunbkcypr ni eht SU. This nrut fo estenv rmska a significant lownlfad, ercsnndioig that ti saw once edvlau at ryalen $6 billion. Find tuo more no eth latest episode fo \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "original": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downfall, considering that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "recovered": "The youth-oriented new iooasganinrt, once hailed as eon fo the most exciting midea start-psu in the industry, has now negotiated a low-ball offer for a SU. This news for estenv represents a significant lownlfad, recognizing that it saw once edvlau at ryalen $6 billion. Find tuo more no eth latest episode fo \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh \u201cBarbie\u201d imveo, from director Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest nnopgie weekend fo 2023, inllgup in $155 million tiallcyseodm vore sit opening wkendee dna $337 iinlolm globally.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, records the largest opening weekend for 2023, bringing in $155 million in the U.S. and $337 million globally. Scrambled sentence: Teh \u201cBarbie\u201d imveo, from direcotr Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest nnopgie weekend fo 2023, inllgup in $155 million tiallcyseodm vore sit opening wkendee dna $337 iinlolm globally. Recovered sentence: The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, records the largest opening weekend for 2023, bringing in $155 million in the U.S. and $337 million globally. Scrambled sentence: Teh \u201cBarbie\u201d imveo, from direcotr Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest nnopgie weekend fo 2023, inllgup in $155 million tiallcyseodm vore sit opening wkendee dna $337", "scrambled": "Teh \u201cBarbie\u201d imveo, from director Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest nnopgie weekend fo 2023, inllgup in $155 million tiallcyseodm vore sit opening wkendee dna $337 iinlolm globally.", "original": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "recovered": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, records the largest opening weekend for 2023, bringing in $155 million in the U.S. and $337 million globally."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp ni wood\u201d will eb built in loStkomhc, announced eeSwdn, which oculd pave hte way rfo similar structures ni het rtufue. Although het lanp dcluo eb more sustainable tnah traditional construction, there are concerns uatbo potential efir aharsdz. dnFi tuo more with heT Week pdweUranp podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp ni wood\u201d will be built in loStkomhc, announced eeSwdn, which oculd pave the way rfo similar structures ni het rtufue. Although het lanp dcluo eb more sustainable tnah traditional construction, there are concerns uatbo potential efir aharsdz. dnFi tuo more with heT Week pdweUranp podcast. Scrambled sentence: hTe \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp ni wood\u201d will eb built in loStkomhc, announced eeSwdn, which oculd pave hte way rfo similar structures ni het rtufue. Although het lanp dcluo eb more sustainable tnah traditional construction, there are concerns uatbo potential e", "scrambled": "hTe \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp ni wood\u201d will eb built in loStkomhc, announced eeSwdn, which oculd pave hte way rfo similar structures ni het rtufue. Although het lanp dcluo eb more sustainable tnah traditional construction, there are concerns uatbo potential efir aharsdz. dnFi tuo more with heT Week pdweUranp podcast.", "original": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest urban construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional construction, there are concerns about potential fire hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp ni wood\u201d will be built in loStkomhc, announced eeSwdn, which oculd pave the way rfo similar structures ni het rtufue. Although het lanp dcluo eb more sustainable tnah traditional construction, there are concerns uatbo potential efir aharsdz. dnFi tuo more with heT Week pdweUranp podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: There were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri no the first SU flag ot nrepseetr het 13 iionlrga ssetat, as declared ni hte lagF Resolution of nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a day onw known as Flag Day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 colonies, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day. Scrambled sentence: There were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri no the first SU flag ot nrepseetr het 13 iionlrga ssetat, as declared ni hte lagF Resolution of nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a day onw known as Flag Day. Recovered sentence: There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 colonies, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day. Scrambled sentence: There were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri no the first SU flag ot nrepseetr het 13 iionlrga ssetat, as declared ni hte lagF Resolution of nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a day onw known as", "scrambled": "There were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri no the first SU flag ot nrepseetr het 13 iionlrga ssetat, as declared ni hte lagF Resolution of nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a day onw known as Flag Day.", "original": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "recovered": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 colonies, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: This eekw, Senate ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine nentcot in Prime enyrgE drinks nad eth company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi media.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "This week, Senate aides said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing tactics should receive no lax media coverage. Scrambled sentence: This eekw, Senate ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine nentcot in Prime enyrgE drinks nad eth company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi media. Scrambled sentence: This eekw, Senate aides said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine nentcot in Prime enyrgE drinks nad eth company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi media. Scrambled sentence: This eekw, Senate aides said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine nentcot in Prime en", "scrambled": "This eekw, Senate ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine nentcot in Prime enyrgE drinks nad eth company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi media.", "original": "This week, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing efforts toward children on social media.", "recovered": "This week, Senate aides said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing tactics should receive no lax media coverage."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: masTho Jefferson nda John sdAam died within rsuoh fo ahce other no July 4, 1826. sffonJere was 83 and Adams aws 90.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within a few hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90. Scrambled sentence: masTho Jefferson nda John sdAam died within rs Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of each other. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of each other. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of each other. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of each other. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of each other. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of each other. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of each other. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of each other. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of each other. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents to die within a few days of", "scrambled": "masTho Jefferson nda John sdAam died within rsuoh fo ahce other no July 4, 1826. sffonJere was 83 and Adams aws 90.", "original": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "recovered": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within a few hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee set pu along eth iconic aneuev before participants took prta in a iessre fo spelling bees no Sunday. roF more dod dna ecntuxepde news, sign up to eht Tall sTael newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The stage for the spelling bee was set up along the iconic avenue before the participants took part in a spelling bee on Sunday. For more details about the event, sign up to the Tall Ship newsletter. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee set pu along eth iconic aneuev before participants took prta along iconic aneuev before participants took prta in a iessre fo spelling bees. Scrambled sentence: sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee set pu along eth iconic aneuev before participants took pu along iconic aneuev before participants took prta in a iessre fo spelling bees. Scrambled sentence: sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee set pu along eth iconic aneuev before participants took pu along iconic aneuev before participants took pu along", "scrambled": "sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee set pu along eth iconic aneuev before participants took prta in a iessre fo spelling bees no Sunday. roF more dod dna ecntuxepde news, sign up to eht Tall sTael newsletter.", "original": "Thousands of desks were set up along the iconic avenue before participants took part in a series of spelling bees on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The stage for the spelling bee was set up along the iconic avenue before the participants took part in a spelling bee on Sunday. For more details about the event, sign up to the Tall Ship newsletter. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Thousands of dogs pdaitetacirp in the Wsrmeistnte Dog woSh. A tietp staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named yBudd Holly ebeacm the first fo shi breed to nwi eth prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Thousands of dogs pdaitetacirp in the Westminster Dog woSh. A tietp staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named yBudd Holly ebeacm the first fo shi breed to nwi eth prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep. Scrambled sentence: Thousands of dogs pdaitetacirp in the Westminster Dog woSh. A tietp staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named yBudd Holly ebeacm the first fo shi breed to nwi eth prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep. Recovered sentence: Thousands of dogs pdaitetacirp in the Westminster Dog woSh. A tietp staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named yBudd Holly ebeacm the first fo shi breed to nwi eth prestigious ntsoect\u2019s", "scrambled": "Thousands of dogs pdaitetacirp in the Wsrmeistnte Dog woSh. A tietp staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named yBudd Holly ebeacm the first fo shi breed to nwi eth prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep.", "original": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit basset griffon Vend\u00e9en named Buddy Holly became the first of his breed to win the prestigious contest\u2019s top prize.", "recovered": "Thousands of dogs pdaitetacirp in the Westminster Dog woSh. A tietp staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named yBudd Holly ebeacm the first fo shi breed to nwi eth prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: reehT tJus Stop lOi soeesrtptr ntreprteudi a performance on Thursday fo Francis lPcenuo\u2019s \u201cDialogues des lCm\u00e9tsaeir\u201d ta eth praeo festival, ni East Sussex. The cpemreranfo restarted ftera a 20-utinme delay following het removal of het activists, how erew not arrested.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "reehT tJus Stop lOi soeesrtptr ntreprteudi a performance on Thursday fo Francis lPcenuo\u2019s \u201cDialogues des lCm\u00e9tsaeir\u201d ta eth praeo festival, ni East Sussex. The cpemreranfo restarted ftera a 20-utinme delay following het removal of het activists, how erew not arrested. Scrambled sentence: reehT tJus Stop lOi soeesrtptr ntreprteudi a performance on Thursday fo Francis lPcenuo\u2019s \u201cDialogues des lCm\u00e9tsaeir\u201d ta eth praeo festival, ni East Sussex. The cpemreranfo restarted ftera a 20-utinme delay following het removal of het activists, how erew not arrested", "scrambled": "reehT tJus Stop lOi soeesrtptr ntreprteudi a performance on Thursday fo Francis lPcenuo\u2019s \u201cDialogues des lCm\u00e9tsaeir\u201d ta eth praeo festival, ni East Sussex. The cpemreranfo restarted ftera a 20-utinme delay following het removal of het activists, how erew not arrested.", "original": "Three Just Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the opera festival, in East Sussex. The performance restarted after a 20-minute delay following the removal of the activists, who were not arrested.", "recovered": "reehT tJus Stop lOi soeesrtptr ntreprteudi a performance on Thursday fo Francis lPcenuo\u2019s \u201cDialogues des lCm\u00e9tsaeir\u201d ta eth praeo festival, ni East Sussex. The cpemreranfo restarted ftera a 20-utinme delay following het removal of het activists, how erew not arrested."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehreT McDonald\u2019s aefcrsneihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis rfo altongivi hclid labor awsl after rdehcnli as unogy as 10 years dol ewer found working etal at night \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "HereT McDonald\u2019s employees in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fines rfo altongivi hclid labor awsl after rdehcnli as unogy as 10 years dol ewer found working etal at night \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m. Scrambled sentence: ehreT McDonald\u2019s aefcrsnihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis rfo altongivi hclid labor awsl after rdehcnli as unogy as 10 years dol ewer found working etal at night \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m. Scrambled sentence: ehreT McDonald\u2019s aefcrsnihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis rfo altongivi hclid labor aws", "scrambled": "ehreT McDonald\u2019s aefcrsneihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis rfo altongivi hclid labor awsl after rdehcnli as unogy as 10 years dol ewer found working etal at night \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m.", "original": "Three McDonald\u2019s franchisees in Kentucky are facing hefty fines for violating child labor laws after children as young as 10 years old were found working late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.", "recovered": "HereT McDonald\u2019s employees in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fines rfo altongivi hclid labor awsl after rdehcnli as unogy as 10 years dol ewer found working etal at night \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for hte first etim. He received efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, including lscal for teh app to be banned.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for the first etim. He received efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkesear\u0103, including lscal for the app to be banned. Scrambled sentence: kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for the first etim. He received efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkesear\u0103, including lscal for teh app to be banned. Scrambled sentence: kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for the first etim. He received efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkesear\u0103, including lscal for teh app to be banned. Scrambled sentence: kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for the first etim. He received efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkesear\u0103, including lscal for teh app to", "scrambled": "kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for hte first etim. He received efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, including lscal for teh app to be banned.", "original": "TikTok CEO Shou Chew testified before Congress for the first time. He received fierce criticism from lawmakers, including calls for the app to be banned.", "recovered": "Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for the first etim. He received efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkesear\u0103, including lscal for the app to be banned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Touted as the \u201cmost ednadcav sopnlaer electronic device reev\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content twhi het ishcaply world.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Touted as the \u201cmost ednadcav sopnlaer electronic device reev\u201d, teeh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content twhi het ishcaply world. Scrambled sentence: Touted as the \u201cmost ednadcav sopnlaer electronic device reev\u201d, teeh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content twhi het ishcaply world. Recovered sentence: Touted as the \u201cmost ednadcav sopnlaer electronic device reev\u201d, teeh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content twhi het ishcaply world. Scrambled sentence: Touted as the \u201cmost ednadcav sopnlaer electronic device reev\u201d, teeh $3,499 (\u00a32,800)", "scrambled": "Touted as the \u201cmost ednadcav sopnlaer electronic device reev\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content twhi het ishcaply world.", "original": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world.", "recovered": "Touted as the \u201cmost ednadcav sopnlaer electronic device reev\u201d, teeh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content twhi het ishcaply world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two tseyp of eoickso, iagsntt yeth may ainntco a foreign material \u2014 orsck.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of eggs, which may contain a foreign material \u2014 orsck. Scrambled sentence: Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two tseyp of eoickso, iagsntt yeth may ainntco a foreign material \u2014 orsck. Scrambled sentence: Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two tseyp of eoickso, iagsntt yeth may ainntco a foreign material \u2014 orsck. Scrambled sentence: Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two tseyp of eoickso, iagsntt yeth may ainntco a foreign material \u2014 orsck. Scrambled sentence: Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two tseyp of eoickso, iagsntt yeth may ain", "scrambled": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two tseyp of eoickso, iagsntt yeth may ainntco a foreign material \u2014 orsck.", "original": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, stating they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.", "recovered": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of eggs, which may contain a foreign material \u2014 orsck."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tropical ceosna have oemceb greener ni het past two decades, tielnregcf changes in hrite csosytemes that heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao present.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tropical forests have become greener in the past two decades, despite the changes in hrite csosytemes that are present. Scrambled sentence: Tropical ceosna have oemceb greener ni het past two decades, tielnregcf changes in hrite csosytemes that heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao present. Scrambled sentence: Tropical ceosna have oemceb greener ni het past two decades, tielnregcf changes in hrite csosytemes that heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao present. Scrambled sentence: Tropical ceosna have oemceb greener ni het past two decades, tielnregcf changes in hrite csosytemes that heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao present.", "scrambled": "Tropical ceosna have oemceb greener ni het past two decades, tielnregcf changes in hrite csosytemes that heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao present.", "original": "Tropical oceans have become greener in the past two decades, reflecting changes in their ecosystems that have more phytoplankton present.", "recovered": "Tropical forests have become greener in the past two decades, despite the changes in hrite csosytemes that are present."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rmTpu was handed ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, and ctoipalli analysts ysa this neo may be eth smto consequential. He was uyrvpeliso indicted rfo his involvement ni a hush-emoyn hemsce obefer he ebmeac president nda rfo the eeagldl mishandling of classified material after eh left eofcfi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "rmTpu was handed ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, and ctoipalli analysts ysa this neo may be eth smto consequential. He was uyrvpeliso indicted rfo his involvement ni a hush-emoyn hemsce obefer he ebmeac president nda rfo the eeagldl mishandling of classified material after eh left eofcfi. Scrambled sentence: rmTpu was handed ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, and ctoipalli analysts ysa this neo may be eth smto consequential. He was uyrvpeliso indicted rfo his involvement ni a hush-emoyn", "scrambled": "rmTpu was handed ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, and ctoipalli analysts ysa this neo may be eth smto consequential. He was uyrvpeliso indicted rfo his involvement ni a hush-emoyn hemsce obefer he ebmeac president nda rfo the eeagldl mishandling of classified material after eh left eofcfi.", "original": "Trump was handed down a third indictment this week, and political analysts say this one may be the most consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.", "recovered": "rmTpu was handed ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, and ctoipalli analysts ysa this neo may be eth smto consequential. He was uyrvpeliso indicted rfo his involvement ni a hush-emoyn hemsce obefer he ebmeac president nda rfo the eeagldl mishandling of classified material after eh left eofcfi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rttewTi is now X. ukMs dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for emor anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Twitter is now X. ukMs dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for emor anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia. Scrambled sentence: rttewTi is now X. ukMs dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblglgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for emor anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia. Scrambled sentence: rttewTi is now X. ukMs dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblglgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for emor anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrg", "scrambled": "rttewTi is now X. ukMs dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for emor anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia.", "original": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized blue bird logo, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding.", "recovered": "Twitter is now X. ukMs dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for emor anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ittreTw\u2019s liaodritnta bird oicn was olrarymiept replaced ihtw na geiam fo a Shiba Inu ogd, na apparent nod to congodie, teh jeok cryptocurrency htta ECO Elon Musk is being sued over.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "It is Twitter\u2019s little bird that was obliterated by the olrarymiept replaced by a geiam fo a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to congodie, the cryptocurrency that Elon Musk is being sued over. Scrambled sentence: ittreTw\u2019s liaodritnta bird oicn was olrarymiept replaced ihtw na geiam fo a Shiba Inu oicn ECO was olrarymiept replaced ihtw na geiam fo a Shiba Inu oicn ECO replaced na ge Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 lumii lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "ittreTw\u2019s liaodritnta bird oicn was olrarymiept replaced ihtw na geiam fo a Shiba Inu ogd, na apparent nod to congodie, teh jeok cryptocurrency htta ECO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traditional bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency that CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "recovered": "It is Twitter\u2019s little bird that was obliterated by the olrarymiept replaced by a geiam fo a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to congodie, the cryptocurrency that Elon Musk is being sued over."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke ogwolnilf the launch fo Meta\u2019s rival ppa rhsTead, which topped eomr than 100 million suers itwihn five days terfa tis udebt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke ogwolnilf the launch fo Meta\u2019s rival ppa rhsTead, which topped eomr than 100 million suers itwihn five days terfa tis udebt. Scrambled sentence: wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke ogwolnilf the launch fo Meta\u2019s rival ppa rhsTead, which topped eomr than 100 million suers itwihn five days terfa tis udebt. Recovered sentence: wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke ogwolnilf the launch fo Meta\u2019s rival ppa rhsTead, which topped eomr than 100 million suers itwihn five days terfa tis udebt. Scrambled sentence: wreTtit\u2019s traffic a", "scrambled": "wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke ogwolnilf the launch fo Meta\u2019s rival ppa rhsTead, which topped eomr than 100 million suers itwihn five days terfa tis udebt.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traffic tanked following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app Threads, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after its debut.", "recovered": "wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke ogwolnilf the launch fo Meta\u2019s rival ppa rhsTead, which topped eomr than 100 million suers itwihn five days terfa tis udebt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth fo aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded tetessr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of aflailrn on the island in only 48 hours, requiring rescue operations for survivors trapped in flooded tetessr. Scrambled sentence: Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth fo aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded tetessr. Scrambled sentence: Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth fo aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded tetessr. Scrambled sentence: Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth fo aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded tetessr. Scrambled", "scrambled": "Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth fo aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded tetessr.", "original": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking rescue missions for survivors trapped by flooded streets.", "recovered": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of aflailrn on the island in only 48 hours, requiring rescue operations for survivors trapped in flooded tetessr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: UK house prices have adh ethir ggetsbi annual fall ni nearly 14 aseyr, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg edlrne, Nationwide. Teh 3.4% drop ni May is the biggest escin lJyu 2009, wenh seouh icsepr pdoprde yb 6.2%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg edlrne, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the annual rate of decline pdoprde yb 6.2%. Scrambled sentence: UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg edlrne, Nationwide. Teh 3.4% drop ni May is the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the annual rate of decline pdoprde yb 6.2%. Recovered sentence: UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg edlrne, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the annual rate of decline pdoprde yb 6.2%. Scrambled sentence: UK house", "scrambled": "UK house prices have adh ethir ggetsbi annual fall ni nearly 14 aseyr, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg edlrne, Nationwide. Teh 3.4% drop ni May is the biggest escin lJyu 2009, wenh seouh icsepr pdoprde yb 6.2%.", "original": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "recovered": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg edlrne, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the annual rate of decline pdoprde yb 6.2%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ukraine dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station ltatciac nuclear nopwsae in eth nnuibgiogher nation, and Nato dnenmdoec shi \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station ltatciac nuclear nopwsae in eth nnuibgiogher nation, and Nato dnenmdoec shi \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Ukraine dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station ltatciac nuclear nopwsae in eth nnuibgiogher nation, and Nato dnenmdoec shi \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Ukraine dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas ", "scrambled": "Ukraine dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station ltatciac nuclear nopwsae in eth nnuibgiogher nation, and Nato dnenmdoec shi \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d.", "original": "Ukraine accused Moscow of holding Belarus \u201cas a nuclear hostage\u201d after the Russian president threatened to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and irresponsible rhetoric\u201d.", "recovered": "dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station ltatciac nuclear nopwsae in eth nnuibgiogher nation, and Nato dnenmdoec shi \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet eh caused ctnnoatosiern among yivK\u2019s Western ialsel by grnugi het US ot \u201cpots encouraging het war\u201d eterh and calling for a ecpae ldae wthi Russia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet eh caused ctnnoatosiern among yivK\u2019s Western ialsel by grnugi het US ot \u201cpots encouraging het war\u201d eterh and calling for a ecpae ldae ldae wthi Russia. Scrambled sentence: inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet eh caused ctnnoatosiern among yivK\u2019s Western ialsel by grnugi het US ot \u201cpots encouraging het war\u201d eterh and calling for a ecpae ldae ldae wthi Russia. Scrambled sentence: inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd Lu", "scrambled": "inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet eh caused ctnnoatosiern among yivK\u2019s Western ialsel by grnugi het US ot \u201cpots encouraging het war\u201d eterh and calling for a ecpae ldae wthi Russia.", "original": "Ukraine\u2019s government invited Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to visit after he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging the US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a peace deal with Russia.", "recovered": "inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet eh caused ctnnoatosiern among yivK\u2019s Western ialsel by grnugi het US ot \u201cpots encouraging het war\u201d eterh and calling for a ecpae ldae ldae wthi Russia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vietnam sha banned commercial screenings fo the Barbie film, tou no 21 uyJl, orve a map that sppreaa ot show negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-dash line\u201d in the South hianC Sae ttah marks eudspdti territory. Fndi tuo orem with eTh Week pUpawnder sctapdo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, tou no 21 uyJl, because it shows a map that does not show negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-dash line\u201d in the South hianC Sae ttah marks eudspdti territory. Find the original sentence with this week\u2019s puzzle scrambler. Scrambled sentence: Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, tou no 21 uyJl, because it shows a map that does not show negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-dash line\u201d in the South hianC Sae ttah marks eudspdti territory. Find the original sentence with this week\u2019s puzzle scrambler. Scrambled sentence: Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, tou no 21 uyJl, because it shows a map that does not show negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-dash line\u201d in the South hianC Sae ttah marks eudspdt", "scrambled": "Vietnam sha banned commercial screenings fo the Barbie film, tou no 21 uyJl, orve a map that sppreaa ot show negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-dash line\u201d in the South hianC Sae ttah marks eudspdti territory. Fndi tuo orem with eTh Week pUpawnder sctapdo.", "original": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that appears to show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea that marks disputed territory. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, tou no 21 uyJl, because it shows a map that does not show negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-dash line\u201d in the South hianC Sae ttah marks eudspdti territory. Find the original sentence with this week\u2019s puzzle scrambler."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: irlaV oefgoat eoswhd visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal dibr, under bright lights urgndi a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. heT ooz lipoedoags for ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d following na outcry ni ewN dlaZaen, where wiisk are a aetrdrseu naalinto coin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights for a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. heT ooz lioedoags for ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d following a outcry ni ewN dlaZaen, where wiisk are a aetrdrseu naalinto coin. Scrambled sentence: irlaV oefgoat eoswhd visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal dibr, under bright lights urgndi a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. heT ooz lipoedoags for ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d following na outcry ni ewN dlaZaen, where wi", "scrambled": "irlaV oefgoat eoswhd visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal dibr, under bright lights urgndi a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. heT ooz lipoedoags for ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d following na outcry ni ewN dlaZaen, where wiisk are a aetrdrseu naalinto coin.", "original": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights during a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. The zoo apologised for having \u201coffended a nation\u201d following an outcry in New Zealand, where kiwis are a treasured national icon.", "recovered": "Visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights for a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. heT ooz lioedoags for ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d following a outcry ni ewN dlaZaen, where wiisk are a aetrdrseu naalinto coin."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eosglVnkaw is allgcrien 143,000 of its Atlas sVSU ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa that anc hwscit the sensor off under certain stondiinco.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "eosglVnkaw is allgcrien 143,000 of its Atlas sVSU ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa that anc hwscit the sensor off under certain stondiinco. Scrambled sentence: eosglVnkaw is allgcrien 143,000 of its Atlas sVSU ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa that anc hwscit the sensor off under certain stondiinco. Scrambled sentence: eosglVnkaw is allgcrien 143,000 of its Atlas sVSU ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa", "scrambled": "eosglVnkaw is allgcrien 143,000 of its Atlas sVSU ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa that anc hwscit the sensor off under certain stondiinco.", "original": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected in some passenger-side airbags that can switch the sensor off under certain conditions.", "recovered": "eosglVnkaw is allgcrien 143,000 of its Atlas sVSU ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa that anc hwscit the sensor off under certain stondiinco."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: htninsaoWg oseecrdnid retirement taefr eon ertm, utb associates eomprdli imh to evsre an additional oruf years ni the face of geiermng political iivssndoi ttah many ferade would pull the gouyn country apart.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Despite having a retirement timeframe, his associates opted to extend his employment for an additional few years in the face of generating political agitation that many feared would pull the government country apart. Scrambled sentence: htninsaoWg oseecrdnid retirement taefr eon ertm, utb associates eomprdli imh to evsre an additional oruf years ni the face of geiermng political iivssndoi ttah many ferade would pull the gouyn country apart. Scrambled sentence: htninsaoWg oseecrdnid retirement taefr eon ertm, utb associates eomprdli imh to evsre an additional oruf years ni the face of geiermng political iivssndoi ttah many ferade would pull the gouyn country apart. Sc", "scrambled": "htninsaoWg oseecrdnid retirement taefr eon ertm, utb associates eomprdli imh to evsre an additional oruf years ni the face of geiermng political iivssndoi ttah many ferade would pull the gouyn country apart.", "original": "Washington considered retirement after one term, but associates implored him to serve an additional four years in the face of emerging political divisions that many feared would pull the young country apart.", "recovered": "Despite having a retirement timeframe, his associates opted to extend his employment for an additional few years in the face of generating political agitation that many feared would pull the government country apart."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Wells Fargo has regeda to ypa $1 billion ot lsette a lawsuit iucnagsc it fo nidgruaedf shareholders over sit treatment fo oeucstrsm. Since 2016, elslW Fargo has paid ro ste aside lnisilbo of dlasrlo to eevoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda litigation icnerongnc its business arsictepc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of mistreating shareholders over its treatment of customers with a certain type of cancer. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to evoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda litigation icnerongnc its business arsictepc. Scrambled sentence: Wells Fargo has regeda to ypa $1 billion ot lsette a lawsuit iucnagsc it fo nidgruaedf shareholders over sit treatment fo oeucstrsm. Since 2016, elslW Fargo has paid ro ste aside lnisilbo of dlasrlo to eevoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda litigation icnerongnc its business arsictepc. Scrambled sentence: Wells Fargo has regeda to ypa $1 billion o", "scrambled": "Wells Fargo has regeda to ypa $1 billion ot lsette a lawsuit iucnagsc it fo nidgruaedf shareholders over sit treatment fo oeucstrsm. Since 2016, elslW Fargo has paid ro ste aside lnisilbo of dlasrlo to eevoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda litigation icnerongnc its business arsictepc.", "original": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding shareholders over its treatment of customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to resolve regulatory probes and litigation concerning its business practices.", "recovered": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of mistreating shareholders over its treatment of customers with a certain type of cancer. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to evoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda litigation icnerongnc its business arsictepc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cEverything vrwEerehey lAl ta Once\u201d odmndatei the ssOcra on Sunday. eTh ifml own tmos of the igb awards, niulgnicd tsbe ueircpt and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best etcsrsa in a aiedgln lreo, while eK Huy Quan and aeJmi eeL usCrit won best actor nda sbet actress ni supporting oersl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Happens at Once\u201d won the Singapore Film Critics\u2019 Circle Awards on Sunday. The film won five of the SGFC awards, including best screenplay and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while EK Huy Quan and AeJim Kim won best actor and actress in supporting roles. Scrambled sentence: \u201cEverything vrwEerehey lAl ta Once\u201d odmndatei the ssOcra on Sunday. eTh ifml own tmos of the igb awards, niulgnicd tsbe ueircpt and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best etcsrsa in a aiedgln lreo, while eK Huy Quan and aeJmi eeL usCrit won best actor nda sbet actress ni supporting oersl. Recovered sentence: \u201cEverything Happens at Once\u201d won the Singapore Film Critics\u2019 Circle Awards on Sunday. The film won five of the SG", "scrambled": "\u201cEverything vrwEerehey lAl ta Once\u201d odmndatei the ssOcra on Sunday. eTh ifml own tmos of the igb awards, niulgnicd tsbe ueircpt and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best etcsrsa in a aiedgln lreo, while eK Huy Quan and aeJmi eeL usCrit won best actor nda sbet actress ni supporting oersl.", "original": "\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sunday. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.", "recovered": "Happens at Once\u201d won the Singapore Film Critics\u2019 Circle Awards on Sunday. The film won five of the SGFC awards, including best screenplay and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while EK Huy Quan and AeJim Kim won best actor and actress in supporting roles."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201couY\u2019ll be srueidprs at what uyo cna get at idAl,\u201d said The isTem, which itldes \u201cgroceries, wroep drills, lalbfatinse, sewing machines\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. Teh \u201chylcciolalearoga significant\u201d rdsievyco spiton to eth existence fo a high-status Roman house, ro musod.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "\u201cyou\u2019ll be srueidprs at what you can get at idAl,\u201d said The isTem, which includes \u201cgroceries, work drills, laundry machines, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. The \u201chylcciolalearoga significant\u201d rdsievyco spiton to the existence fo a high-status Roman house, according to musod. Scrambled sentence: \u201couY\u2019ll be srueidprs at what uyo cna get at idAl,\u201d said The isTem, which itldes \u201cgroceries, wroep drills, lalbfatinse, sewing machines\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. Teh \u201chylcciolalearoga significant\u201d rdsievyco spiton to eth existence fo a high-status Roman house, ro musod. Recovered sentence: \u201couY\u2019ll", "scrambled": "\u201couY\u2019ll be srueidprs at what uyo cna get at idAl,\u201d said The isTem, which itldes \u201cgroceries, wroep drills, lalbfatinse, sewing machines\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. Teh \u201chylcciolalearoga significant\u201d rdsievyco spiton to eth existence fo a high-status Roman house, ro musod.", "original": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Aldi,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201carchaeologically significant\u201d discovery points to the existence of a high-status Roman house, or domus.", "recovered": "\u201cyou\u2019ll be srueidprs at what you can get at idAl,\u201d said The isTem, which includes \u201cgroceries, work drills, laundry machines, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. The \u201chylcciolalearoga significant\u201d rdsievyco spiton to the existence fo a high-status Roman house, according to musod."}
