{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A Gberer bbay fmlroua was ditrsiutbed to streos dsteipe a rcalel oevr pbiolsse coaiinmtoatnn, aciorcdng to the FDA. The capomny is einuoangrcg pntares to cechk any ptucrdos tehy hvae at hmoe and drsiacd tshoe taht may be aftcfeed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A Gerber baby food was recalled due to steel debris found in the product, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard that may be affected.", "scrambled": "A Gberer bbay fmlroua was ditrsiutbed to streos dsteipe a rcalel oevr pbiolsse coaiinmtoatnn, aciorcdng to the FDA. The capomny is einuoangrcg pntares to cechk any ptucrdos tehy hvae at hmoe and drsiacd tshoe taht may be aftcfeed.", "original": "A Gerber baby formula was distributed to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard those that may be affected.", "recovered": "A Gerber baby food was recalled due to steel debris found in the product, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard that may be affected."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A clhid in Manie has tteesd pvoitsie for meseals, satte heltah ofliicafs siad. Wlhie the vuris was derlaecd eiilamentd mroe tahn two daeceds ago, hleath oafiflics say vtaionccain reats in the US hvae dpoerpd in rnecet yreas, skpirnag new okrtbueas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "scrambled": "A clhid in Manie has tteesd pvoitsie for meseals, satte heltah ofliicafs siad. Wlhie the vuris was derlaecd eiilamentd mroe tahn two daeceds ago, hleath oafiflics say vtaionccain reats in the US hvae dpoerpd in rnecet yreas, skpirnag new okrtbueas.", "original": "A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "recovered": "A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ctoaclohe sutuclpre wngiiehg mroe tahn 50 pudons was uvnieeld by a cnicoofnrteey brnad to mrak Knig Cerhlas III\u2019s cnooiortan on May 6 in Lodonn\u2019s Wmsiesnettr Aebby.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A crowd of more than 50,000 people gathered to watch King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "scrambled": "A ctoaclohe sutuclpre wngiiehg mroe tahn 50 pudons was uvnieeld by a cnicoofnrteey brnad to mrak Knig Cerhlas III\u2019s cnooiortan on May 6 in Lodonn\u2019s Wmsiesnettr Aebby.", "original": "A chocolate sculpture weighing more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand to mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "recovered": "A crowd of more than 50,000 people gathered to watch King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A canre colspaeld Wseanddey in New Yrok Ctiy wlhie the orteapor was ltnfiig aubot 16 tnos of cctroene, oifafclis siad. Daaitmrc veido soehwd fealms and skmoe rsinig form the canre boerfe its boom flel, hinttig a biildnug ascors the seetrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A small crowd gathered in New York City while the orchestra was performing sixteen tones of cymbals, drums said. The loud video sound caused films and some ringing in the crowd\u2019s ears from the loud boom near the start.", "scrambled": "A canre colspaeld Wseanddey in New Yrok Ctiy wlhie the orteapor was ltnfiig aubot 16 tnos of cctroene, oifafclis siad. Daaitmrc veido soehwd fealms and skmoe rsinig form the canre boerfe its boom flel, hinttig a biildnug ascors the seetrt.", "original": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York City while the operator was lifting about 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames and smoke rising from the crane before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.", "recovered": "A small crowd gathered in New York City while the orchestra was performing sixteen tones of cymbals, drums said. The loud video sound caused films and some ringing in the crowd\u2019s ears from the loud boom near the start."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ddlaey tiran casrh in Iinda has reewned cllas for aoriiteuhts to cnofornt seftay isesus in a rwlaiay seytsm taht trtaposrns mroe tahn 13 mliolin psgearsnes ervey day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Addalaey tiran casrh in Iinda has reewned cllas for aoriiteuhts to cnofornt seftay isesus in a rwlaiay seytsm taht trtaposrns mroe tahn 13 mliolin psgearsnes ervey day.", "scrambled": "A ddlaey tiran casrh in Iinda has reewned cllas for aoriiteuhts to cnofornt seftay isesus in a rwlaiay seytsm taht trtaposrns mroe tahn 13 mliolin psgearsnes ervey day.", "original": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to confront safety issues in a railway system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.", "recovered": "Addalaey tiran casrh in Iinda has reewned cllas for aoriiteuhts to cnofornt seftay isesus in a rwlaiay seytsm taht trtaposrns mroe tahn 13 mliolin psgearsnes ervey day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ganit, skitny saeweed bolb is hadeed to Folirda. It\u2019s etpecxed to bmoece penrlevat on bcheeas in Jluy, pintaollety trneaehintg to put a depamr on the smemur tuiosrt saosen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A giant, skinny seaweed blob is expected to hit Florida. It\u2019s expected to become permanent on beaches in July, specifically targeting put a deposit on the smemur toutorsur saosen.", "scrambled": "A ganit, skitny saeweed bolb is hadeed to Folirda. It\u2019s etpecxed to bmoece penrlevat on bcheeas in Jluy, pintaollety trneaehintg to put a depamr on the smemur tuiosrt saosen.", "original": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is headed to Florida. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, potentially threatening to put a damper on the summer tourist season.", "recovered": "A giant, skinny seaweed blob is expected to hit Florida. It\u2019s expected to become permanent on beaches in July, specifically targeting put a deposit on the smemur toutorsur saosen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A golabl sduty by rrhrsaeeecs at Oforxd Utrvnseiiy\u2019s Rtreeus Isnitttue funod taht wliordwde, 48% of peploe wree vrey or eelrtexmy ietntersed in the nwes \u2013 dwon form 63% in 2017. The poirptroon was eevn leowr in the UK, as audeicens \u201ccut bcak on drepisesng nwes\u201d to pcrtoet tiher metnal htealh, siad the sduty aurthos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A global survey by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on consuming news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the survey authors.", "scrambled": "A golabl sduty by rrhrsaeeecs at Oforxd Utrvnseiiy\u2019s Rtreeus Isnitttue funod taht wliordwde, 48% of peploe wree vrey or eelrtexmy ietntersed in the nwes \u2013 dwon form 63% in 2017. The poirptroon was eevn leowr in the UK, as audeicens \u201ccut bcak on drepisesng nwes\u201d to pcrtoet tiher metnal htealh, siad the sduty aurthos.", "original": "A global study by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.", "recovered": "A global survey by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on consuming news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the survey authors."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A hgih of 38.8C was rerdecod in the Aaundaisln ctiy on Tusadrhy, as hot air senwpeig itno Sapin form Ntorh Acfira tihs week retusls in tuareepmrtes up to 15C wmearr tahn eeetxpcd for Aripl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Australian city of Adelaide on Tuesday, as hot air sending it into South Australia from Northern Australia this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April.", "scrambled": "A hgih of 38.8C was rerdecod in the Aaundaisln ctiy on Tusadrhy, as hot air senwpeig itno Sapin form Ntorh Acfira tihs week retusls in tuareepmrtes up to 15C wmearr tahn eeetxpcd for Aripl.", "original": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Andalusian city on Thursday, as hot air sweeping into Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April.", "recovered": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Australian city of Adelaide on Tuesday, as hot air sending it into South Australia from Northern Australia this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A klleir pox has klelid up to 80% of red sreuiqrls in one wntier at the few steis tehy are stlil funod in Wlaes. Nlraey 11,000 pploee hvae sgnied a ptetoiin clnlaig for the Wlseh gmvrnoenet to fnud vcanice rsarceeh in oderr to pcotret Weals\u2019 slaml ptoulipoan of red suleriqrs \u2013 trhee are olny aubot 1,000 lfet in Ntroh Welas. Iiasnvve, non-naivte gery sluqirres carry serqiurl pox viurs, but are not aeftecfd by it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A killered pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few steps they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition for the Welsh government to fund vaccinations in order to protect Wales\u2019s unique population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. However, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox viruses, but are not affected by it.", "scrambled": "A klleir pox has klelid up to 80% of red sreuiqrls in one wntier at the few steis tehy are stlil funod in Wlaes. Nlraey 11,000 pploee hvae sgnied a ptetoiin clnlaig for the Wlseh gmvrnoenet to fnud vcanice rsarceeh in oderr to pcotret Weals\u2019 slaml ptoulipoan of red suleriqrs \u2013 trhee are olny aubot 1,000 lfet in Ntroh Welas. Iiasnvve, non-naivte gery sluqirres carry serqiurl pox viurs, but are not aeftecfd by it.", "original": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to protect Wales\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. Invasive, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it.", "recovered": "A killered pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few steps they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition for the Welsh government to fund vaccinations in order to protect Wales\u2019s unique population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. However, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox viruses, but are not affected by it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A mssviae bwol-sehapd teatehr in Las Vages taht reoprdelty cnaitons the wlord\u2019s hhseigt-roseutloin wunrrapaod LED secren was flluy iunlieltmad on Tsdueay. See its dmairatc dbuet hree.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A marvelous breakthrough by scientists in Las Vegas that could potentially revolutionize the world\u2019s energy usage was unveiled on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "scrambled": "A mssviae bwol-sehapd teatehr in Las Vages taht reoprdelty cnaitons the wlord\u2019s hhseigt-roseutloin wunrrapaod LED secren was flluy iunlieltmad on Tsdueay. See its dmairatc dbuet hree.", "original": "A massive bowl-shaped theater in Las Vegas that reportedly contains the world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound LED screen was fully illuminated on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "recovered": "A marvelous breakthrough by scientists in Las Vegas that could potentially revolutionize the world\u2019s energy usage was unveiled on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A new tlraeir for the lvie-aicotn rkeame of 1989\u2019s amaneitd \u201cThe Ltilte Marimed\u201d dbteeud dunrig the Orscas coerenmy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony.", "scrambled": "A new tlraeir for the lvie-aicotn rkeame of 1989\u2019s amaneitd \u201cThe Ltilte Marimed\u201d dbteeud dunrig the Orscas coerenmy.", "original": "A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony.", "recovered": "A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A row bokre out aetfr the bolc rerfered to the Fkllanad Ialndss by the Atnrinege nmae, \u201cIasls Manialvs\u201d, in a cmmniuuoq\u00e9 sneigd in Bsrslues by 60 EU and Ltain Aericman ntaoins. Rhisi Sanuk crtcieiisd the \u201crgtabrelete cocihe of wodrs\u201d, wihch aerpnlpaty edesonrd Antengria\u2019s cliam to the agleiacrhpo, a Biirsth oasevres trorirety.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Atlantic Islands Act of 1965, referred to by the Spanish name \u201cIslas Manialvs\u201d, an agreement signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American countries, Rhisi Sanuk certified the \u201crebus-like arrangement of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory.", "scrambled": "A row bokre out aetfr the bolc rerfered to the Fkllanad Ialndss by the Atnrinege nmae, \u201cIasls Manialvs\u201d, in a cmmniuuoq\u00e9 sneigd in Bsrslues by 60 EU and Ltain Aericman ntaoins. Rhisi Sanuk crtcieiisd the \u201crgtabrelete cocihe of wodrs\u201d, wihch aerpnlpaty edesonrd Antengria\u2019s cliam to the agleiacrhpo, a Biirsth oasevres trorirety.", "original": "A row broke out after the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands by the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American nations. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory.", "recovered": "According to the Atlantic Islands Act of 1965, referred to by the Spanish name \u201cIslas Manialvs\u201d, an agreement signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American countries, Rhisi Sanuk certified the \u201crebus-like arrangement of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A srcoe is eauql to 20 yreas, so Lnclion was rrfrneieg to 87 yaers ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wehn the Diaaotlrcen of Ipdennedence was adtoped in his asdders.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A score is equal to 20 years, so Lionel was refreneg to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Diastole of Independence was adopted in his adders.", "scrambled": "A srcoe is eauql to 20 yreas, so Lnclion was rrfrneieg to 87 yaers ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wehn the Diaaotlrcen of Ipdennedence was adtoped in his asdders.", "original": "A score is equal to 20 years, so Lincoln was referring to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address.", "recovered": "A score is equal to 20 years, so Lionel was refreneg to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Diastole of Independence was adopted in his adders."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sea otter kpees phinicng srfuers\u2019 bodras in Croinifala, acircodng to The Tplrgaeeh. The fvie-yaer-old anamil, knwon as Otetr 841, has been juipnmg otno braods and nngiudg thier orewns out of the way, so she can hvae a bsak. For mroe odd and utnepexecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals netseletwr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A female sea otter named Otter 841 is feeding surfers' waves in Cronulla, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known for jumping on boards and avoiding their own out of the way, has been having a break. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Daily Telegraph newsletter.", "scrambled": "A sea otter kpees phinicng srfuers\u2019 bodras in Croinifala, acircodng to The Tplrgaeeh. The fvie-yaer-old anamil, knwon as Otetr 841, has been juipnmg otno braods and nngiudg thier orewns out of the way, so she can hvae a bsak. For mroe odd and utnepexecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals netseletwr.", "original": "A sea otter keeps pinching surfers\u2019 boards in California, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and nudging their owners out of the way, so she can have a bask. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "A female sea otter named Otter 841 is feeding surfers' waves in Cronulla, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known for jumping on boards and avoiding their own out of the way, has been having a break. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Daily Telegraph newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sgteuorn spemoourn caerted a mgfcnienait shigt aocrss the wlrod tihs week. Tihs luounims spcectale ocurcs wehn the moon nares its cslesot pinot to Ertah wlhie aaippreng flul.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A total solar eclipse occurred across the world this week. This phenomenon special occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth.", "scrambled": "A sgteuorn spemoourn caerted a mgfcnienait shigt aocrss the wlrod tihs week. Tihs luounims spcectale ocurcs wehn the moon nares its cslesot pinot to Ertah wlhie aaippreng flul.", "original": "A sturgeon supermoon created a magnificent sight across the world this week. This luminous spectacle occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.", "recovered": "A total solar eclipse occurred across the world this week. This phenomenon special occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sruge is excepetd wehn Tilte 42 \u2014 the Tmurp-era pcoliy taht aloelwd aithouteirs to quckliy trun aawy ctieran mntigars at the bedorr dirnug the pedainmc \u2014 cemos to an end.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that also allowed others to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border \u2014 comes to an end.", "scrambled": "A sruge is excepetd wehn Tilte 42 \u2014 the Tmurp-era pcoliy taht aloelwd aithouteirs to quckliy trun aawy ctieran mntigars at the bedorr dirnug the pedainmc \u2014 cemos to an end.", "original": "A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end.", "recovered": "A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that also allowed others to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border \u2014 comes to an end."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A tdoledr itrenfatlid Wthie Hsoue gudnors, sitnteg off sretciuy arlets. The ynoug boy was cgauht by oerffcis beofre bneig qckluiy reutenid wtih his peantrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A talented wizard named Whitelight House goodnors, sentient off special arlets. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly returned with his parents.", "scrambled": "A tdoledr itrenfatlid Wthie Hsoue gudnors, sitnteg off sretciuy arlets. The ynoug boy was cgauht by oerffcis beofre bneig qckluiy reutenid wtih his peantrs.", "original": "A toddler infiltrated White House grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.", "recovered": "A talented wizard named Whitelight House goodnors, sentient off special arlets. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly returned with his parents."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A two-yaer iagisvteinotn by the Idnndeenpet Comsmision for Eqtuiy in Ckrecit funod taht racsim was \u201ceenetnrhcd\u201d in the \u201celistit and eicsuloxarny\u201d sorpt, wlihe woemn wree \u201cfrnueetlqy daemneed, strpyetoeed and ttraeed as socend-casls\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A two-year inquiry by the Independent Commission for Equity in Credit Funding found that racism was \u201cencouraged\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusive\u201d sport, where women were \u201cfrustrated, stereotyped and treated as second-class citizens\u201d.", "scrambled": "A two-yaer iagisvteinotn by the Idnndeenpet Comsmision for Eqtuiy in Ckrecit funod taht racsim was \u201ceenetnrhcd\u201d in the \u201celistit and eicsuloxarny\u201d sorpt, wlihe woemn wree \u201cfrnueetlqy daemneed, strpyetoeed and ttraeed as socend-casls\u201d.", "original": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket found that racism was \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.", "recovered": "A two-year inquiry by the Independent Commission for Equity in Credit Funding found that racism was \u201cencouraged\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusive\u201d sport, where women were \u201cfrustrated, stereotyped and treated as second-class citizens\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A unoin rrpneenietsg scoohl wrorkes in Los Aengels \u2013 the ntaion\u2019s seocnd-lgserat ditcisrt \u2013 wnet on stikre, shtnuitg dwon slchoos for sraveel dyas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for students on strike days.", "scrambled": "A unoin rrpneenietsg scoohl wrorkes in Los Aengels \u2013 the ntaion\u2019s seocnd-lgserat ditcisrt \u2013 wnet on stikre, shtnuitg dwon slchoos for sraveel dyas.", "original": "A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for several days.", "recovered": "A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for students on strike days."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Abtobt susqbunlteey ieussd an aloogpy, cnilaimg taht an eraly dfrat of her leettr had been msnetklaiy plushbeid. She has been sednpeusd form the Lboaur Patry piednng an ieigaoisttvnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Alison Gardner claims that a early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "scrambled": "Abtobt susqbunlteey ieussd an aloogpy, cnilaimg taht an eraly dfrat of her leettr had been msnetklaiy plushbeid. She has been sednpeusd form the Lboaur Patry piednng an ieigaoisttvnn.", "original": "Abbott subsequently issued an apology, claiming that an early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "recovered": "Alison Gardner claims that a early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aubot 100,000 rrtsiegeed nesrus in the US lfet the wlcrkopae due to the sssrtees of the Coivd-19 pinmdaec, acncdoirg to the rtluess of a seuvry pebluhsid Thsduary by the Ntoanail Cuiconl of Sttae Badors of Nsrnuig.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The survey found that 100,000 nurses left the workforce in the US due to the stress of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "scrambled": "Aubot 100,000 rrtsiegeed nesrus in the US lfet the wlcrkopae due to the sssrtees of the Coivd-19 pinmdaec, acncdoirg to the rtluess of a seuvry pebluhsid Thsduary by the Ntoanail Cuiconl of Sttae Badors of Nsrnuig.", "original": "About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "recovered": "The survey found that 100,000 nurses left the workforce in the US due to the stress of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the National Council of State Boards of Nursing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acodcnirg to The Moirrr, eptxers at the UK\u2019s fsirt lnog Cviod cniilc, at Uvnstrieiy Cgleole Hostpail Loodnn, emsttaie taht hndrdues of tousdhnas of pnttieas are in need of sipleiscat crae for aeiltmns rngiang form sveere ftauige to barin fog. But \u201cso far olny 100,000 hvae been oferfed tamertnet\u201d, the ppaer rreteopd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Cvid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of puppies are in need of simple vaccinations for ailments ranging from severe fever to bacterial infections. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered tamertment\u201d, the paper reported.", "scrambled": "Acodcnirg to The Moirrr, eptxers at the UK\u2019s fsirt lnog Cviod cniilc, at Uvnstrieiy Cgleole Hostpail Loodnn, emsttaie taht hndrdues of tousdhnas of pnttieas are in need of sipleiscat crae for aeiltmns rngiang form sveere ftauige to barin fog. But \u201cso far olny 100,000 hvae been oferfed tamertnet\u201d, the ppaer rreteopd.", "original": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Covid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for ailments ranging from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.", "recovered": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Cvid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of puppies are in need of simple vaccinations for ailments ranging from severe fever to bacterial infections. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered tamertment\u201d, the paper reported."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acicdnrog to a new reprot bsaed on dtaa form the Usntvrieiy of Mnralayd, the lsos of the wrold\u2019s toarcpil frtseos inesraecd by 10% yaer-on-yaer in 2022, wtih Bzrial aouintcncg for 43% of the glaobl taotl. Etrxeps wreand lsat yaer taht the Azoamn was acpaipohnrg a \u201ctipnipg pnoit\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new report based on data from the University of Melbourne, the losses of the world\u2019s top tennis players increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the glaobl total. Experts warned last year that the Azov was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "scrambled": "Acicdnrog to a new reprot bsaed on dtaa form the Usntvrieiy of Mnralayd, the lsos of the wrold\u2019s toarcpil frtseos inesraecd by 10% yaer-on-yaer in 2022, wtih Bzrial aouintcncg for 43% of the glaobl taotl. Etrxeps wreand lsat yaer taht the Azoamn was acpaipohnrg a \u201ctipnipg pnoit\u201d.", "original": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "recovered": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Melbourne, the losses of the world\u2019s top tennis players increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the glaobl total. Experts warned last year that the Azov was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Arnccidog to a new sudty by the US Gieolagcol Sveury (UGSS), New Yrok is siknnig by 1-2mm per yaer, in prat onwig to the eomourns wheigt of the ctiy\u2019s bgudliins, wchih ttoal an emisatetd 771 mioilln tnenos. The recharreess aslo bemlad oethr pmnnoehea iniuldncg gueodrtnwar widhrtawal and snfhitig tcoinetc petlas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the combined weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which totaled an emitted 771 million tons. The researchers also blamed other factors including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates.", "scrambled": "Arnccidog to a new sudty by the US Gieolagcol Sveury (UGSS), New Yrok is siknnig by 1-2mm per yaer, in prat onwig to the eomourns wheigt of the ctiy\u2019s bgudliins, wchih ttoal an emisatetd 771 mioilln tnenos. The recharreess aslo bemlad oethr pmnnoehea iniuldncg gueodrtnwar widhrtawal and snfhitig tcoinetc petlas.", "original": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the enormous weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. The researchers also blamed other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates.", "recovered": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the combined weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which totaled an emitted 771 million tons. The researchers also blamed other factors including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aondccrig to a reprot form a cvaovsirtnee wthdcoag gourp, the US pdnsieert\u2019s dog has beittn Seerct Scierve angtes at laset 10 tmies. The 22-mnoth-old Gemran Sphhreed, a gfit form Bdien\u2019s berohtr Jmeas, has been gievn \u201catdoiadnil lnhesiag plrcotoos\u201d fnololiwg the icetnidns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a report from a CVAO group, the US president\u2019s dog has been Secret Service agent at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother Jim, has been given \u201cattoidnal learning programs\u201d following the incidents.", "scrambled": "Aondccrig to a reprot form a cvaovsirtnee wthdcoag gourp, the US pdnsieert\u2019s dog has beittn Seerct Scierve angtes at laset 10 tmies. The 22-mnoth-old Gemran Sphhreed, a gfit form Bdien\u2019s berohtr Jmeas, has been gievn \u201catdoiadnil lnhesiag plrcotoos\u201d fnololiwg the icetnidns.", "original": "According to a report from a conservative watchdog group, the US president\u2019s dog has bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cadditional leashing protocols\u201d following the incidents.", "recovered": "According to a report from a CVAO group, the US president\u2019s dog has been Secret Service agent at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother Jim, has been given \u201cattoidnal learning programs\u201d following the incidents."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anicdcrog to an aslyinas of wseetwatar in searvel moajr ceiits, use of the Calss A durg has rsien by as mcuh as a qeuatrr in jsut one yaer, siad the Ninoaatl Cmrie Agcney. The angcey siad ttinseg of wasteteawr gvae a beettr iodcntaiin of durg use tahn puiblc svrueys or eaestimts form szeeid sbeancstus. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrpepwad pcadsot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new study of wastewater in major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen as much as a quarter in just one year, said the Narcotics Control Agency. The agency said trends of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from self-reported statistics. Find out more with The Week Unprepared podcast.", "scrambled": "Anicdcrog to an aslyinas of wseetwatar in searvel moajr ceiits, use of the Calss A durg has rsien by as mcuh as a qeuatrr in jsut one yaer, siad the Ninoaatl Cmrie Agcney. The angcey siad ttinseg of wasteteawr gvae a beettr iodcntaiin of durg use tahn puiblc svrueys or eaestimts form szeeid sbeancstus. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrpepwad pcadsot.", "original": "According to an analysis of wastewater in several major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the National Crime Agency. The agency said testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from seized substances. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to a new study of wastewater in major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen as much as a quarter in just one year, said the Narcotics Control Agency. The agency said trends of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from self-reported statistics. Find out more with The Week Unprepared podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anidrcocg to eitetmsas form Nitnaaol Hot Dog & Ssauage Ccniuol, Ariemcnas cnuomse as mnay as 20 billoin hot dgos per yaer. Taht neubmr frtocas in raetil selas (9 blioiln), as wlel as hot dgos etean at srotinpg enevts, lcoal piccnis and cinrlavas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a recent study by NPD Group, a market research company, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That\u2019s an average of 68 hot dogs per person per year. Frankfurters are sold in retail stores (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local venues and carnivals.", "scrambled": "Anidrcocg to eitetmsas form Nitnaaol Hot Dog & Ssauage Ccniuol, Ariemcnas cnuomse as mnay as 20 billoin hot dgos per yaer. Taht neubmr frtocas in raetil selas (9 blioiln), as wlel as hot dgos etean at srotinpg enevts, lcoal piccnis and cinrlavas.", "original": "According to estimates from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That number factors in retail sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local picnics and carnivals.", "recovered": "According to a recent study by NPD Group, a market research company, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That\u2019s an average of 68 hot dogs per person per year. Frankfurters are sold in retail stores (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local venues and carnivals."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aidccnorg to eteprxs, an ianersce in the nmbuer of brich teers bineg patlend, puls the wdier aavalitilbiy of fdoos form aounrd the wrold, has felelud htopasil asdmniosis for alergelis and aanplxahiys, wihch hvae isnraceed form 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the psat yaer. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uppneward psdcaot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new report, the number of people suffering from allergies has more than doubled in the past decade, with 12 million new cases in 2002-03 alone. Find out more with The Week Upward podcast.", "scrambled": "Aidccnorg to eteprxs, an ianersce in the nmbuer of brich teers bineg patlend, puls the wdier aavalitilbiy of fdoos form aounrd the wrold, has felelud htopasil asdmniosis for alergelis and aanplxahiys, wihch hvae isnraceed form 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the psat yaer. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uppneward psdcaot.", "original": "According to experts, an increase in the number of birch trees being planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled hospital admissions for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to a new report, the number of people suffering from allergies has more than doubled in the past decade, with 12 million new cases in 2002-03 alone. Find out more with The Week Upward podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acocdnrig to imntneevst bnak UBS, an ailsyans of US heltah inunsarce camils fnoud taht up to $500 miillon of mdiacel cstos wree \u201cdltrceiy abtlibtature\u201d to the srpot, a cosrs beetewn tnnies, btnmadoin and tbale tienns taht is eliapecsly puoalpr wtih poernisnes, For mroe odd and uceetnpxed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nweeltestr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to internal bank UBS research, an analyst of US healthcare insurance companies found that up to $500 million of media costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the spot, a cost between tenies, buntmadoin and table tents that is especially prevalent with politicians. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tally Teasers newslettern", "scrambled": "Acocdnrig to imntneevst bnak UBS, an ailsyans of US heltah inunsarce camils fnoud taht up to $500 miillon of mdiacel cstos wree \u201cdltrceiy abtlibtature\u201d to the srpot, a cosrs beetewn tnnies, btnmadoin and tbale tienns taht is eliapecsly puoalpr wtih poernisnes, For mroe odd and uceetnpxed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nweeltestr.", "original": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of US health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between tennis, badminton and table tennis that is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "According to internal bank UBS research, an analyst of US healthcare insurance companies found that up to $500 million of media costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the spot, a cost between tenies, buntmadoin and table tents that is especially prevalent with politicians. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tally Teasers newslettern"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anicrcdog to the Dialy Satr, the \u201csahwomet bilffnag taret\u201d is abvlialae in ctiies aorscs the UK oevr the wneeekd via the Divloeero app. \u201cLvoe freid ckehicn? Lvoe ctaohloce? Tehn put yuor hdans tghteoer,\u201d siad Ahsia Jsfofreen form Dirvleoeo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Daily Star, the \u201csausage pizza bagel\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love tacos? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Asia Jsfofreen from Deliveroo.", "scrambled": "Anicrcdog to the Dialy Satr, the \u201csahwomet bilffnag taret\u201d is abvlialae in ctiies aorscs the UK oevr the wneeekd via the Divloeero app. \u201cLvoe freid ckehicn? Lvoe ctaohloce? Tehn put yuor hdans tghteoer,\u201d siad Ahsia Jsfofreen form Dirvleoeo.", "original": "According to the Daily Star, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Aisha Jefferson from Deliveroo.", "recovered": "According to the Daily Star, the \u201csausage pizza bagel\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love tacos? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Asia Jsfofreen from Deliveroo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aniorccdg to the Wrlod Mloocieagtreol Onizaoirtgan, three is now a geraetr lkoiieolhd taht the pnaelt wlil spsraus a 1.5C iencasre in gblaol wnarmig by 2027. If tihs tlhrhosed is celsttnsnoiy exdeeecd, it wloud sfginiy a henetgehid rsik of renhicag criitcal cmtiale \u201ctpiinpg pitnos\u201d. Psnsaig teshe tiippng ptnois wloud laed to a lses hblotsiape paelnt and an aceroiclaten of camitle cghane.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the World Meteorological Organization, three is now a generation that the panel will sprouse a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is ceaselessly exceeded, it would finally start a feedback loop of critical chemicals \u201ctipping point\u201d. Pushing these tipping points would lead to a less habitable planet and an increase of catastrophic climate change.", "scrambled": "Aniorccdg to the Wrlod Mloocieagtreol Onizaoirtgan, three is now a geraetr lkoiieolhd taht the pnaelt wlil spsraus a 1.5C iencasre in gblaol wnarmig by 2027. If tihs tlhrhosed is celsttnsnoiy exdeeecd, it wloud sfginiy a henetgehid rsik of renhicag criitcal cmtiale \u201ctpiinpg pitnos\u201d. Psnsaig teshe tiippng ptnois wloud laed to a lses hblotsiape paelnt and an aceroiclaten of camitle cghane.", "original": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of reaching critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet and an acceleration of climate change.", "recovered": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, three is now a generation that the panel will sprouse a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is ceaselessly exceeded, it would finally start a feedback loop of critical chemicals \u201ctipping point\u201d. Pushing these tipping points would lead to a less habitable planet and an increase of catastrophic climate change."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anicrdcog to the tinhk-tnak rperot, the gblaol felet of ptarvie jtes has mroe tahn dueobld in the psat two deadecs, hiitntg 23,133 in mid-2022, and sleas are fsrcaeot to raech a rcoerd hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tihs yaer. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Upraenpwd pasdcot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the think-tank Rperot, the global faille of patent applications has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unprepared passdot", "scrambled": "Anicrdcog to the tinhk-tnak rperot, the gblaol felet of ptarvie jtes has mroe tahn dueobld in the psat two deadecs, hiitntg 23,133 in mid-2022, and sleas are fsrcaeot to raech a rcoerd hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tihs yaer. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Upraenpwd pasdcot.", "original": "According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of private jets has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to the think-tank Rperot, the global faille of patent applications has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unprepared passdot"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aissdnedrg an aenicdue at the Hay Feastivl in Wleas, Cpemlbal siad: \u201cI tihnk we soluhd taech our kdis to be iettrseend in and eegangd in polcitis.\u201d The stseraitgt and juriloanst adedd taht rtehar tahn \u201cclal it pilctois\u201d, scuh lsnseos cuold be claeld \u201carungig\u201d, \u201cpciloy\u201d or \u201cbig isesus\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On the stage at the Hay Festival in Wales, comedian Chris Addison said: \"I think we should teach our kids to be engaged in and interested in politics.\" The statisticians and journalists added that research had shown that people who watched reality TV shows were more likely to vote, go to the polls or become involved in politics.", "scrambled": "Aissdnedrg an aenicdue at the Hay Feastivl in Wleas, Cpemlbal siad: \u201cI tihnk we soluhd taech our kdis to be iettrseend in and eegangd in polcitis.\u201d The stseraitgt and juriloanst adedd taht rtehar tahn \u201cclal it pilctois\u201d, scuh lsnseos cuold be claeld \u201carungig\u201d, \u201cpciloy\u201d or \u201cbig isesus\u201d.", "original": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids to be interested in and engaged in politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall it politics\u201d, such lessons could be called \u201carguing\u201d, \u201cpolicy\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "recovered": "On the stage at the Hay Festival in Wales, comedian Chris Addison said: \"I think we should teach our kids to be engaged in and interested in politics.\" The statisticians and journalists added that research had shown that people who watched reality TV shows were more likely to vote, go to the polls or become involved in politics."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Adviress for the FDA veotd ulanoumnsiy on Wesdadney in souprpt of miankg a btirh-crtoonl plil neamd Oilpl alaavible oevr-the-cuotner, siayng the betinefs otwieguh the rskis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Adviser for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks.", "scrambled": "Adviress for the FDA veotd ulanoumnsiy on Wesdadney in souprpt of miankg a btirh-crtoonl plil neamd Oilpl alaavible oevr-the-cuotner, siayng the betinefs otwieguh the rskis.", "original": "Advisers for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks.", "recovered": "Adviser for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: AfD cnaitadde Rrboet Smelsansen clmaied 52.8% of the vtoe in Sudany\u2019s dirtisct conciul run-off eoclietn, betinag the iecmbnunt dstciirt aoimdarttsinr, form the crnete-rgiht Csiaihrtn Dacmreot Ptary (CDU). The vrtiocy cmeos as ntaanoil pllos sohw a sgure in soupprt for the AfD.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " AfD candidate Robert Smelsansen claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent centre-right Christian Democratic Party (CDU). The result comes as no surprise given the strong showing for the AfD.", "scrambled": "AfD cnaitadde Rrboet Smelsansen clmaied 52.8% of the vtoe in Sudany\u2019s dirtisct conciul run-off eoclietn, betinag the iecmbnunt dstciirt aoimdarttsinr, form the crnete-rgiht Csiaihrtn Dacmreot Ptary (CDU). The vrtiocy cmeos as ntaanoil pllos sohw a sgure in soupprt for the AfD.", "original": "AfD candidate Robert Sesselmann claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent district administrator, from the centre-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a surge in support for the AfD.", "recovered": "AfD candidate Robert Smelsansen claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent centre-right Christian Democratic Party (CDU). The result comes as no surprise given the strong showing for the AfD."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aeftr a 60-yaer snfiiitcec qsuet, the wlrod has its fsrit vcnacie to ptreoct agsaint rtipoerrasy syyaintcl vruis, or RSV.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " After a 60-year silence, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "scrambled": "Aeftr a 60-yaer snfiiitcec qsuet, the wlrod has its fsrit vcnacie to ptreoct agsaint rtipoerrasy syyaintcl vruis, or RSV.", "original": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "recovered": "After a 60-year silence, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aegd 81, Sewtrat is the olsedt perosn to garce the ceovr of Srtops Itlursateld\u2019s siewmawr eoiidtn. She took the cwron of odelst ceovr mdoel form Eoln Msuk\u2019s motehr, the mdoel Myae Msuk, who poesd at the age of 74 in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Aegd 81, Sewtrat is the oldest person to garce the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimsuit edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Eoln Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who passed away at the age of 74 in 2022.", "scrambled": "Aegd 81, Sewtrat is the olsedt perosn to garce the ceovr of Srtops Itlursateld\u2019s siewmawr eoiidtn. She took the cwron of odelst ceovr mdoel form Eoln Msuk\u2019s motehr, the mdoel Myae Msuk, who poesd at the age of 74 in 2022.", "original": "Aged 81, Stewart is the oldest person to grace the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Elon Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who posed at the age of 74 in 2022.", "recovered": "Aegd 81, Sewtrat is the oldest person to garce the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimsuit edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Eoln Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who passed away at the age of 74 in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aslmot a whloe pod of polit wlheas deid aeftr 55 weashd up on a rtemoe bceah on the Oetur Heerdiabn iaslnd. Ploit welhas are \u201cnooioruts for tehir sotnrg sciaol bdons\u201d, siad Brsiith Devirs Manrie Lfie Rseuce. The criathy beieelvs the pod mhigt hvae fowlelod one of the welhas aohrse aetfr it had ditfiuclfy gniivg btirh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Orkney Hebrides island. Ploits are \u201cnoiiroorts for their strong scientific bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The critical behavior believes the pod might have foul-played one of the whales after it had definitely given birth.", "scrambled": "Aslmot a whloe pod of polit wlheas deid aeftr 55 weashd up on a rtemoe bceah on the Oetur Heerdiabn iaslnd. Ploit welhas are \u201cnooioruts for tehir sotnrg sciaol bdons\u201d, siad Brsiith Devirs Manrie Lfie Rseuce. The criathy beieelvs the pod mhigt hvae fowlelod one of the welhas aohrse aetfr it had ditfiuclfy gniivg btirh.", "original": "Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Outer Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have followed one of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.", "recovered": "Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Orkney Hebrides island. Ploits are \u201cnoiiroorts for their strong scientific bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The critical behavior believes the pod might have foul-played one of the whales after it had definitely given birth."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Azoamn ageerd to pay a htfey sum to stltee pacirvy cmtonalpis oevr its Aexla vicoe aitasssnt and Rnig dlobreol craemas. The stetmeltens wtih the Freaedl Tarde Cmoioissmn hhlghgiit caimls taht the cpanmoy rianeted Rnig voieds and Axlea vicoe rcidnroges for yaers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle patent claims over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbells. The settlement with the Free Trade Commission commission highighted claims that the company\u2019s products had recorded users\u2019 videos and audio for years.", "scrambled": "Azoamn ageerd to pay a htfey sum to stltee pacirvy cmtonalpis oevr its Aexla vicoe aitasssnt and Rnig dlobreol craemas. The stetmeltens wtih the Freaedl Tarde Cmoioissmn hhlghgiit caimls taht the cpanmoy rianeted Rnig voieds and Axlea vicoe rcidnroges for yaers.", "original": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission highlight claims that the company retained Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years.", "recovered": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle patent claims over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbells. The settlement with the Free Trade Commission commission highighted claims that the company\u2019s products had recorded users\u2019 videos and audio for years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aomazn\u2019s vtrauil cilnic is now oreffnig taeellheth atmenpitopns in all 50 steats and Wntsgiohan, DC, the cnoampy aueconnnd on Tsaeduy. Aaozmn peuilrovsy lhcueand its own ditaigl duotrsrge, Azamon Parachmy, in 2020.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telethethments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced today. Amazon also provides its own digital driver\u2019s license, Amazon Parachute, in 2020.", "scrambled": "Aomazn\u2019s vtrauil cilnic is now oreffnig taeellheth atmenpitopns in all 50 steats and Wntsgiohan, DC, the cnoampy aueconnnd on Tsaeduy. Aaozmn peuilrovsy lhcueand its own ditaigl duotrsrge, Azamon Parachmy, in 2020.", "original": "Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced on Tuesday. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, Amazon Pharmacy, in 2020.", "recovered": "Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telethethments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced today. Amazon also provides its own digital driver\u2019s license, Amazon Parachute, in 2020."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: An ailnayss of dtaa on 10,528 pieatnts ametditd to hptiasol in Inrlead wtih a sroueis herat aacttk oevr a fvie-yaer poeird fnoud taht retas wree 13% hieghr on Mnydaos. Piolssbe raoenss seguetsgd icdunle dotsipiunrs to sleep cceyls oevr the weneekd taht may tgiegrr hhegir lelves of imafoilamntn and setsrs hrooemns wehn pleope rterun to tiher uuasl wadkeey rnsiig tmeis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " An analysis of data on 10,528 patients found that hypertension increased with a sudden heart attack over a five-year period, finding that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possibly researchers should suggest people changing their sleep schedules on weekends that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual waking times.", "scrambled": "An ailnayss of dtaa on 10,528 pieatnts ametditd to hptiasol in Inrlead wtih a sroueis herat aacttk oevr a fvie-yaer poeird fnoud taht retas wree 13% hieghr on Mnydaos. Piolssbe raoenss seguetsgd icdunle dotsipiunrs to sleep cceyls oevr the weneekd taht may tgiegrr hhegir lelves of imafoilamntn and setsrs hrooemns wehn pleope rterun to tiher uuasl wadkeey rnsiig tmeis.", "original": "An analysis of data on 10,528 patients admitted to hospital in Ireland with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual weekday rising times.", "recovered": "An analysis of data on 10,528 patients found that hypertension increased with a sudden heart attack over a five-year period, finding that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possibly researchers should suggest people changing their sleep schedules on weekends that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual waking times."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ana Ogb\u00f3ren has been the fucos of pbiluc dtebae scnie hvniag a bbay gril via sacrrgouy (wichh is ialglel in Sipan) in the US, usnig the srpem of her son Assileo, who deid of ccaner in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-yaer-old TV pnerteesr tlod Hloa! taht her son\u2019s \u201cdnyig wsih\u201d was to hvae a cilhd, so the bbay \u201cisn\u2019t my deauhtgr, but my guarehgntddar\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the foster mother of a baby girl through surrogate gestation in the US, using the sperm of her son Assileo, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my guardian angel\u201d.", "scrambled": "Ana Ogb\u00f3ren has been the fucos of pbiluc dtebae scnie hvniag a bbay gril via sacrrgouy (wichh is ialglel in Sipan) in the US, usnig the srpem of her son Assileo, who deid of ccaner in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-yaer-old TV pnerteesr tlod Hloa! taht her son\u2019s \u201cdnyig wsih\u201d was to hvae a cilhd, so the bbay \u201cisn\u2019t my deauhtgr, but my guarehgntddar\u201d.", "original": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus of public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) in the US, using the sperm of her son Alessio, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my granddaughter\u201d.", "recovered": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the foster mother of a baby girl through surrogate gestation in the US, using the sperm of her son Assileo, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my guardian angel\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acninnunog the amnppoenitt, Moayr Eirc Amads siad fremor ertleemnay shocol teecahr Coarrdi \u201chas the koldewnge, divre, encixpreee and enegry to sned rtas pkancig and cetare a ceelanr, mroe wecmnliog ctiy for all New Ykrroes\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced today that New York City has won the bid to host the 2012 Olympics.", "scrambled": "Acninnunog the amnppoenitt, Moayr Eirc Amads siad fremor ertleemnay shocol teecahr Coarrdi \u201chas the koldewnge, divre, encixpreee and enegry to sned rtas pkancig and cetare a ceelanr, mroe wecmnliog ctiy for all New Ykrroes\u201d.", "original": "Announcing the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas the knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send rats packing and create a cleaner, more welcoming city for all New Yorkers\u201d.", "recovered": "Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced today that New York City has won the bid to host the 2012 Olympics."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Alppe inudteocrd a \u201cmxied reltaiy\u201d hseedat cealld Alppe Viosin Pro, a tlehgoncoy taht oervlyas vurtial igeams on lvie vdeio of the rael wrlod. The cnmaopy siad it wlil be aablailve eraly nxet yaer in the US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Alphabet\u2019s \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Alphabet Viosin Pro, a telecom company that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US.", "scrambled": "Alppe inudteocrd a \u201cmxied reltaiy\u201d hseedat cealld Alppe Viosin Pro, a tlehgoncoy taht oervlyas vurtial igeams on lvie vdeio of the rael wrlod. The cnmaopy siad it wlil be aablailve eraly nxet yaer in the US.", "original": "Apple introduced a \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US.", "recovered": "Alphabet\u2019s \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Alphabet Viosin Pro, a telecom company that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Amplpiratoexy 10% of the wrold\u2019s pitpolauon \u2013 or an eiettsmad 785 mloiiln pelope \u2013 lcak acsces to celan weatr, adcnrocig to the Wlord Haetlh Oariztginaon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Access to clean water is a basic need for human survival, yet 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or 785 million people \u2013 lack this essential resource. This shocking statistic comes from the World Health Organization.", "scrambled": "Amplpiratoexy 10% of the wrold\u2019s pitpolauon \u2013 or an eiettsmad 785 mloiiln pelope \u2013 lcak acsces to celan weatr, adcnrocig to the Wlord Haetlh Oariztginaon.", "original": "Approximately 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization.", "recovered": "Access to clean water is a basic need for human survival, yet 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or 785 million people \u2013 lack this essential resource. This shocking statistic comes from the World Health Organization."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aournd 1,500 ietms bneonglig to the femorr Qeuen fntarmon \u2013 icdlnniug his Tfainfy & Co muchotsae cmob and a slik waocstiat doreteacd wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dypaselid at Sbteohy\u2019s Lnoodn form 4 Asugut utnil 5 Seemtepbr, and wlil tehn go udenr the hmamer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen Fantimon \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co muchotsae cmob and a slik waocstiat doreteacd wtih ctas \u2013 will be displayed at Steph\u2019s London form 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer.", "scrambled": "Aournd 1,500 ietms bneonglig to the femorr Qeuen fntarmon \u2013 icdlnniug his Tfainfy & Co muchotsae cmob and a slik waocstiat doreteacd wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dypaselid at Sbteohy\u2019s Lnoodn form 4 Asugut utnil 5 Seemtepbr, and wlil tehn go udenr the hmamer.", "original": "Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co moustache comb and a silk waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Sotheby\u2019s London from 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer.", "recovered": "Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen Fantimon \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co muchotsae cmob and a slik waocstiat doreteacd wtih ctas \u2013 will be displayed at Steph\u2019s London form 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Avriirng on the hlees of spinrg, Jneteenuth fvtiesiites tlicypaly ivlovne pincics, wtih red fodos and dnrkis lkie setrrawrby sdoa dtmninioag tshoe saderps. The cloor red is belveeid to reenerspt the boold sehd by elneasvd Aircafn aetcsnros.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a recent study, teenagers who listen to punk music with red faders and dark lenses like the Strawberry Darkness song by Airborne Toxic Event are more likely to perceive the bold color red.", "scrambled": "Avriirng on the hlees of spinrg, Jneteenuth fvtiesiites tlicypaly ivlovne pincics, wtih red fodos and dnrkis lkie setrrawrby sdoa dtmninioag tshoe saderps. The cloor red is belveeid to reenerspt the boold sehd by elneasvd Aircafn aetcsnros.", "original": "Arriving on the heels of spring, Juneteenth festivities typically involve picnics, with red foods and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red is believed to represent the blood shed by enslaved African ancestors.", "recovered": "According to a recent study, teenagers who listen to punk music with red faders and dark lenses like the Strawberry Darkness song by Airborne Toxic Event are more likely to perceive the bold color red."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As she bwoed out of New Znealad\u2019s plrmaeaint, Aderrn gvae a rinosug seepch clinalg for ptiolics to be oeepnd up to aacptiyl lredeas. She siad: \u201cYou can be aoiuxns, siietnvse, knid and waer yuor herat on yuor svleee. You can be a mheotr, or not, an ex-Momron, or not, a nred, a creir, a hguegr \u2013 you can be all of teshe tnghis, and not olny can you be hree \u2013 you can laed.\u201d Arredn anuecnond her sochk rosiatgnein in Jraanuy, synaig she had \u201cno mroe lfet in the tnak\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for policies to be opened up to accept all legal ideas. She said: \"You can be aoiuxns, siietnvse, knid and waer yuor herat on yuor svleee. You can be a mheotr, or not, an ex-Momron, or not, a nred, a creir, a hguegr \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be hree \u2013 you can lead.\" Ardern acknowledged her sochk rosiatgnein in Jraanuy, saying she had \"no more left in the tank\".", "scrambled": "As she bwoed out of New Znealad\u2019s plrmaeaint, Aderrn gvae a rinosug seepch clinalg for ptiolics to be oeepnd up to aacptiyl lredeas. She siad: \u201cYou can be aoiuxns, siietnvse, knid and waer yuor herat on yuor svleee. You can be a mheotr, or not, an ex-Momron, or not, a nred, a creir, a hguegr \u2013 you can be all of teshe tnghis, and not olny can you be hree \u2013 you can laed.\u201d Arredn anuecnond her sochk rosiatgnein in Jraanuy, synaig she had \u201cno mroe lfet in the tnak\u201d.", "original": "As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be anxious, sensitive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a crier, a hugger \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Ardern announced her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201cno more left in the tank\u201d.", "recovered": "As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for policies to be opened up to accept all legal ideas. She said: \"You can be aoiuxns, siietnvse, knid and waer yuor herat on yuor svleee. You can be a mheotr, or not, an ex-Momron, or not, a nred, a creir, a hguegr \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be hree \u2013 you can lead.\" Ardern acknowledged her sochk rosiatgnein in Jraanuy, saying she had \"no more left in the tank\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As the aergenmtes bteween the UK and Arlusiata, as wlel as the UK and New Zanelad, took effcet tihs week, vuarios ietms wree enagxhced as gwooldil gtereuss. Bneao cicmos, sniged by the cimoc\u2019s etdior, anlog wtih Pydeernn sginle mlat Weslh wihsky, Bithrogn Gin, bgas form the Cmbdiarge Sthacel Co, and Fever-Tere mxreis wree snet to btoh notains.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As the agreement between the UK and Arlusiata, as well as the UK and New Zanelad, took effect this week, various items were enhanced as goldilocks scenario. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, analog with Pydeernn single malt Welsh whisky, Birmingham Gin, beers from the Cambridge Stace Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations.", "scrambled": "As the aergenmtes bteween the UK and Arlusiata, as wlel as the UK and New Zanelad, took effcet tihs week, vuarios ietms wree enagxhced as gwooldil gtereuss. Bneao cicmos, sniged by the cimoc\u2019s etdior, anlog wtih Pydeernn sginle mlat Weslh wihsky, Bithrogn Gin, bgas form the Cmbdiarge Sthacel Co, and Fever-Tere mxreis wree snet to btoh notains.", "original": "As the agreements between the UK and Australia, as well as the UK and New Zealand, took effect this week, various items were exchanged as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single malt Welsh whisky, Brighton Gin, bags from the Cambridge Satchel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations.", "recovered": "As the agreement between the UK and Arlusiata, as well as the UK and New Zanelad, took effect this week, various items were enhanced as goldilocks scenario. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, analog with Pydeernn single malt Welsh whisky, Birmingham Gin, beers from the Cambridge Stace Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At 80 yreas old, Bdein is the oeldst pesdrinet in Acaemrin hoirsty, and if rcteeleed, he wulod be 86 wehn edinng his sceond trem. Wehn pesersd on his age dunrig a nwes ccreenofne tihs week, Biedn siad he \u201ctook a hrad look at it\u201d broefe dcndiieg to run and \u201cflees good.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At 80 years old, Biedn is the oldest president in Acaemrin history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When asked about his age during a news conference this week, Biedn said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "scrambled": "At 80 yreas old, Bdein is the oeldst pesdrinet in Acaemrin hoirsty, and if rcteeleed, he wulod be 86 wehn edinng his sceond trem. Wehn pesersd on his age dunrig a nwes ccreenofne tihs week, Biedn siad he \u201ctook a hrad look at it\u201d broefe dcndiieg to run and \u201cflees good.\u201d.", "original": "At 80 years old, Biden is the oldest president in American history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "recovered": "At 80 years old, Biedn is the oldest president in Acaemrin history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When asked about his age during a news conference this week, Biedn said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At laest 13 pelope in a dzeon sattes wree icetnfed by a slnomallea ourbeatk lniked to Glod Maedl fuolr, the CDC siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "scrambled": "At laest 13 pelope in a dzeon sattes wree icetnfed by a slnomallea ourbeatk lniked to Glod Maedl fuolr, the CDC siad.", "original": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "recovered": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At laset six ploepe wree kleild Mnaody wehn a dsut srotm in Iliiolns sedlnduy mdae it nlraey isolipmsbe to see on the srhot sctrteh of hwaghiy, oiilafcfs siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At least six plovers were killed Monday when a dust storm in Iliolonsdale made it nearly impossible to see on the south side of Highway 47, officials said.", "scrambled": "At laset six ploepe wree kleild Mnaody wehn a dsut srotm in Iliiolns sedlnduy mdae it nlraey isolipmsbe to see on the srhot sctrteh of hwaghiy, oiilafcfs siad.", "original": "At least six people were killed Monday when a dust storm in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.", "recovered": "At least six plovers were killed Monday when a dust storm in Iliolonsdale made it nearly impossible to see on the south side of Highway 47, officials said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aluiatsra giaend revegne for thier aninisgog two-run Ahess daeeft at the Bragmhiinm gournd in 2005 on Taeudsy, wehn teihr fsat-bwleor citaapn Pat Cniumms led his sdie to ibomprlbae vtoicry wtih an uanteebn 44.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Pat Cummings and his team from St. Bonaventure University won the 2005 Taco Bell Challenge at the Bragga Tennis Center in Austin, Texas when they defeated their opponents two-run margin.", "scrambled": "Aluiatsra giaend revegne for thier aninisgog two-run Ahess daeeft at the Bragmhiinm gournd in 2005 on Taeudsy, wehn teihr fsat-bwleor citaapn Pat Cniumms led his sdie to ibomprlbae vtoicry wtih an uanteebn 44.", "original": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising two-run Ashes defeat at the Birmingham ground in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-bowler captain Pat Cummins led his side to improbable victory with an unbeaten 44.", "recovered": "Pat Cummings and his team from St. Bonaventure University won the 2005 Taco Bell Challenge at the Bragga Tennis Center in Austin, Texas when they defeated their opponents two-run margin."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aatiuslran frim Vow has puoreslivy catered lab-gwron maet form the clles of amilans iluicndng aaaclps, bfluafo and kgnroaaos, and uesd DNA form the entcxit Ice Age secpeis to sohw how far the bouierdnas of cruetlud maet may be psehud.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists from Vow has used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of creative matter may be pushed.", "scrambled": "Aatiuslran frim Vow has puoreslivy catered lab-gwron maet form the clles of amilans iluicndng aaaclps, bfluafo and kgnroaaos, and uesd DNA form the entcxit Ice Age secpeis to sohw how far the bouierdnas of cruetlud maet may be psehud.", "original": "Australian firm Vow has previously created lab-grown meat from the cells of animals including alpacas, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of cultured meat may be pushed.", "recovered": "Scientists from Vow has used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of creative matter may be pushed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bknay\u2019s fisrt oiacfifl sloo etoiiibhxn in 14 yares wlil fatuere sneitcls uesd to ctaree mnay of the gfiarfti airtst\u2019s msot iocinc wrkos form acsors his cerear.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Beethoven\u2019s Fifth Symphony includes one of the greatest pieces of music ever written for a pair of acrobats.", "scrambled": "Bknay\u2019s fisrt oiacfifl sloo etoiiibhxn in 14 yares wlil fatuere sneitcls uesd to ctaree mnay of the gfiarfti airtst\u2019s msot iocinc wrkos form acsors his cerear.", "original": "Banky\u2019s first official solo exhibition in 14 years will feature stencils used to create many of the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his career.", "recovered": "Beethoven\u2019s Fifth Symphony includes one of the greatest pieces of music ever written for a pair of acrobats."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Beatsst was crsnioeded the fonrt rneunr for the gnog, for her rloe in Balck Ptneahr: Wakndaa Froeevr, but lsot out to Eyntihverg Eerwvehrye All at Ocne satr Cturis, in one of the bgisget uetpss of the nghit at Sadnuy\u2019s arwdas ceronmey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Beyonc\u00e9 was crowned the winner for the song \"Formation\" at the Grammys, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost to Taylor Swift every year since the Oscars began, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday's awards ceremony.", "scrambled": "Beatsst was crsnioeded the fonrt rneunr for the gnog, for her rloe in Balck Ptneahr: Wakndaa Froeevr, but lsot out to Eyntihverg Eerwvehrye All at Ocne satr Cturis, in one of the bgisget uetpss of the nghit at Sadnuy\u2019s arwdas ceronmey.", "original": "Bassett was considered the front runner for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost out to Everything Everywhere All at Once star Curtis, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards ceremony.", "recovered": "Beyonc\u00e9 was crowned the winner for the song \"Formation\" at the Grammys, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost to Taylor Swift every year since the Oscars began, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday's awards ceremony."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bgliuem\u2019s Bcerel clmeiad a 18-15 vtciory oevr fuor-tmeis wnneir Sleby in the Wrlod Sokneor Cihohpsnaimp fianl at Selfihfed\u2019s Crbculie on Madony.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The band played a 18-15 victory over former world champion Shelby in the World Showcase Championship final at SeaWorld.", "scrambled": "Bgliuem\u2019s Bcerel clmeiad a 18-15 vtciory oevr fuor-tmeis wnneir Sleby in the Wrlod Sokneor Cihohpsnaimp fianl at Selfihfed\u2019s Crbculie on Madony.", "original": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in the World Snooker Championship final at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible on Monday.", "recovered": "The band played a 18-15 victory over former world champion Shelby in the World Showcase Championship final at SeaWorld."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bteewen 14 and 20 icehns wree deumpd on Sutoh Foridla oevr a 24-huor poreid. The dwonoupr csoeld sclohos and Frot Lulrdaeade\u2019s aroirpt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Between 14 and 20 inches of snow were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour caused school closures and Flight Landings at Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "scrambled": "Bteewen 14 and 20 icehns wree deumpd on Sutoh Foridla oevr a 24-huor poreid. The dwonoupr csoeld sclohos and Frot Lulrdaeade\u2019s aroirpt.", "original": "Between 14 and 20 inches were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour closed schools and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "recovered": "Between 14 and 20 inches of snow were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour caused school closures and Flight Landings at Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bdein hsteod Inidan Pirme Mtsnieir Nrdnarea Mdoi at the Wthie Hsuoe on Tuasrhdy for a lsviah, teetnd sttae dnneir taht fueaetrd a panlt-beasd mneu for the gsuet of honor, who is a vieagertan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended the White House on Tuesday for a meeting, where the two leaders decided to award a panther-based missile for the betterment of the world.", "scrambled": "Bdein hsteod Inidan Pirme Mtsnieir Nrdnarea Mdoi at the Wthie Hsuoe on Tuasrhdy for a lsviah, teetnd sttae dnneir taht fueaetrd a panlt-beasd mneu for the gsuet of honor, who is a vieagertan.", "original": "Biden hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner that featured a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian.", "recovered": "Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended the White House on Tuesday for a meeting, where the two leaders decided to award a panther-based missile for the betterment of the world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Blekinn trelaevd to Cnhia for mintgees wtih top oilaffcis, innicludg Pdneriest Xi Jinpnig. Bknelin is the frsit US stareecry of satte to viist Bejiing in fvie yreas, and his tlkas wree seen as a key lmitus tset for wetehhr the two gmetnorvens can sotp relonaits form coiitunnng to dreirtateoe at a tmie of lrgeniing dtrsusit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Blinken told China for minutes with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two giants can stop relations from deteriorating further.", "scrambled": "Blekinn trelaevd to Cnhia for mintgees wtih top oilaffcis, innicludg Pdneriest Xi Jinpnig. Bknelin is the frsit US stareecry of satte to viist Bejiing in fvie yreas, and his tlkas wree seen as a key lmitus tset for wetehhr the two gmetnorvens can sotp relonaits form coiitunnng to dreirtateoe at a tmie of lrgeniing dtrsusit.", "original": "Blinken traveled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two governments can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering distrust.", "recovered": "Blinken told China for minutes with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two giants can stop relations from deteriorating further."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Btoh Pncire Hrray and Eoltn Jhon wree in crout tihs week as a hgih-pfrlioe csae ainasgt the phsbliuer of the Dilay Mial gtes uewnrday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Both Piers Morgan and Jonathan Ross were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail got under way on Wednesday.", "scrambled": "Btoh Pncire Hrray and Eoltn Jhon wree in crout tihs week as a hgih-pfrlioe csae ainasgt the phsbliuer of the Dilay Mial gtes uewnrday.", "original": "Both Prince Harry and Elton John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets underway.", "recovered": "Both Piers Morgan and Jonathan Ross were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail got under way on Wednesday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN pejtocrs Domraect Donna Dageen wlil bmcoee Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s frist faemle maoyr. Tihs mrkas olny the sencod tmie in 30 yraes taht a Dcrameot wlil win the ofifce in Frdolia\u2019s msot pulooups ctiy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " CNN reporters Donna Dageen will be coming to Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in France\u2019s most populous city.", "scrambled": "CNN pejtocrs Domraect Donna Dageen wlil bmcoee Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s frist faemle maoyr. Tihs mrkas olny the sencod tmie in 30 yraes taht a Dcrameot wlil win the ofifce in Frdolia\u2019s msot pulooups ctiy.", "original": "CNN projects Democrat Donna Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.", "recovered": "CNN reporters Donna Dageen will be coming to Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in France\u2019s most populous city."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN reectlny oiasngred a lvie pmire-tmie twon hlal qesuiotn-and-awesnr ssoiesn ftunaierg fmeror piserendt Danold Tumrp. In a stientg flleeud by a srvoiputpe aicdneue, Trmup slfiwty amsseud ctonorl of the eevnt. He ferelqtuny iureerpnttd the mtrdaooer, lillnbaeg her as \u201cntasy\u201d, wihle rienittareg cmlias of a \u201crgeigd\u201d 2020 eoecltin. Dpitese fnacig sgcanniifit blaaksch for the boradsact, CNN CEO Cihrs Lchit eersxsped his uwvareinng sprupot for the twon hlal cponcet. He siad he bveleied hoirsty wlil veiw the newortk\u2019s diescion to inerivetw Tmrup, sudnrreoud by cineehrg stuerprops, fvbaroaluy. But he aeddd taht he wluod lkie to ivrmope smoe podoruticn eleenmts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " CNN immediately heard a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Pierce Reed. In a heated feud by a rival network, Trump falsely claimed credit for the event. He feverishly interrupted the moderator, labeling her as \"nasty\", while repeatedly referring to a \"rigged\" 2020 election. Despite facing scanning black blocks for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht applauded his undercover stunt for the town hall concept. He said he believed highly of the network's decision to interview Trump, supported by strong ratings, ultimately. But he added that he would like to remove some provocative elements.", "scrambled": "CNN reectlny oiasngred a lvie pmire-tmie twon hlal qesuiotn-and-awesnr ssoiesn ftunaierg fmeror piserendt Danold Tumrp. In a stientg flleeud by a srvoiputpe aicdneue, Trmup slfiwty amsseud ctonorl of the eevnt. He ferelqtuny iureerpnttd the mtrdaooer, lillnbaeg her as \u201cntasy\u201d, wihle rienittareg cmlias of a \u201crgeigd\u201d 2020 eoecltin. Dpitese fnacig sgcanniifit blaaksch for the boradsact, CNN CEO Cihrs Lchit eersxsped his uwvareinng sprupot for the twon hlal cponcet. He siad he bveleied hoirsty wlil veiw the newortk\u2019s diescion to inerivetw Tmrup, sudnrreoud by cineehrg stuerprops, fvbaroaluy. But he aeddd taht he wluod lkie to ivrmope smoe podoruticn eleenmts.", "original": "CNN recently organised a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. In a setting fuelled by a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. He frequently interrupted the moderator, labelling her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims of a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht expressed his unwavering support for the town hall concept. He said he believed history will view the network\u2019s decision to interview Trump, surrounded by cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that he would like to improve some production elements.", "recovered": "CNN immediately heard a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Pierce Reed. In a heated feud by a rival network, Trump falsely claimed credit for the event. He feverishly interrupted the moderator, labeling her as \"nasty\", while repeatedly referring to a \"rigged\" 2020 election. Despite facing scanning black blocks for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht applauded his undercover stunt for the town hall concept. He said he believed highly of the network's decision to interview Trump, supported by strong ratings, ultimately. But he added that he would like to remove some provocative elements."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Crfoilinaa rseindet Ncik Srebetol aslo uess his rroecd-bnriekag tnguoe, wchih msuraees 3.97in (10.1cm), to pnait pteircus.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sirebonic is an American rock band from Southern California that achieved success in the 1990s, and has since reunited several times. The band was formed in 1990 by Hud Baylor (guitar, vocals), Roger Kabler (bass guitar, vocals) and Jason Scheff (drums, vocals). They were soon joined by lead vocalist Chaz Moreno, who stayed with the band until their breakup in 1997. They reformed in 2000, with Moreno and Scheff joined by new guitarist Dave Kushner (formerly of Widespread Panic). Kushner left the band in 2004 and was replaced by former member Baylor. In 2007, Moreno and Scheff reunited with original guitarist Hud Baylor and new bassist Tim Meyer to tour in support of the band's greatest hits.", "scrambled": "Crfoilinaa rseindet Ncik Srebetol aslo uess his rroecd-bnriekag tnguoe, wchih msuraees 3.97in (10.1cm), to pnait pteircus.", "original": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also uses his record-breaking tongue, which measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "recovered": "Sirebonic is an American rock band from Southern California that achieved success in the 1990s, and has since reunited several times. The band was formed in 1990 by Hud Baylor (guitar, vocals), Roger Kabler (bass guitar, vocals) and Jason Scheff (drums, vocals). They were soon joined by lead vocalist Chaz Moreno, who stayed with the band until their breakup in 1997. They reformed in 2000, with Moreno and Scheff joined by new guitarist Dave Kushner (formerly of Widespread Panic). Kushner left the band in 2004 and was replaced by former member Baylor. In 2007, Moreno and Scheff reunited with original guitarist Hud Baylor and new bassist Tim Meyer to tour in support of the band's greatest hits."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Clvian Clgdooie was bron in Pluytmoh, Vrnomet, on Jluy 4, 1872.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Charles Lindbergh was born in Little Falls, Minnesota, on February 4, 1902.", "scrambled": "Clvian Clgdooie was bron in Pluytmoh, Vrnomet, on Jluy 4, 1872.", "original": "Calvin Coolidge was born in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.", "recovered": "Charles Lindbergh was born in Little Falls, Minnesota, on February 4, 1902."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cnaaadin Pmrie Mnieistr Jsuitn Tdreuau acneonund Wndasdeey taht he and his wfie Shipoe Go\u00e9grrie Taudreu are streaaipng. The Tdreuaus hvae tehre cihlredn tetogher, all udenr the age of 15.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Jonas Brothers are streaming. The Jonas Brothers have been together since they were teenagers.", "scrambled": "Cnaaadin Pmrie Mnieistr Jsuitn Tdreuau acneonund Wndasdeey taht he and his wfie Shipoe Go\u00e9grrie Taudreu are streaaipng. The Tdreuaus hvae tehre cihlredn tetogher, all udenr the age of 15.", "original": "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. The Trudeaus have three children together, all under the age of 15.", "recovered": "The Jonas Brothers are streaming. The Jonas Brothers have been together since they were teenagers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cadnaain htleah ofifalcis say the new rtogleuian to leabl eevry cttrgiaee wtih a wiannrg meagsse is prat of the cnruoty\u2019s gaol to dorp niawoitnde tcbaoco use to lses tahn 5% by 2035.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Cadnaain htleah ofifalcis say the new rtogleuian to leabl eevry cttrgiaee wtih a wiannrg meagsse is prat of the cnruoty\u2019s gaol to dorp niawoitnde tcbaoco use to lses tahn 5% by 2035.", "scrambled": "Cadnaain htleah ofifalcis say the new rtogleuian to leabl eevry cttrgiaee wtih a wiannrg meagsse is prat of the cnruoty\u2019s gaol to dorp niawoitnde tcbaoco use to lses tahn 5% by 2035.", "original": "Canadian health officials say the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message is part of the country\u2019s goal to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035.", "recovered": "Cadnaain htleah ofifalcis say the new rtogleuian to leabl eevry cttrgiaee wtih a wiannrg meagsse is prat of the cnruoty\u2019s gaol to dorp niawoitnde tcbaoco use to lses tahn 5% by 2035."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Calro Vcece, a pfoseosrr form Nleaps, dsreivoced ducentmos in the ahievrcs of Feolrcne wichh sohw taht slrthoy aeftr the atisrt\u2019s brtih, his fheatr feerd a savle caleld Cneairta \u2013 wdiely argeed to be the nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mohetr but aobut wohm ltlite esle is konwn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Calro Vcece, a possoedor form Nleaps, descobriu centmos na \u00e1gua do rio Feolrcne, que mostrou que a terra atingiu o pico de 18,2 \u00b0C, o que aconteceu ap\u00f3s o in\u00edcio do ver\u00e3o. O pai dele fez uma sinal calado chamado Cneairta \u2013 que \u00e9 geralmente considerado o nome da m\u00e3e de Da Vnici, mas pouco mais \u00e9 conhecido sobre ela.", "scrambled": "Calro Vcece, a pfoseosrr form Nleaps, dsreivoced ducentmos in the ahievrcs of Feolrcne wichh sohw taht slrthoy aeftr the atisrt\u2019s brtih, his fheatr feerd a savle caleld Cneairta \u2013 wdiely argeed to be the nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mohetr but aobut wohm ltlite esle is konwn.", "original": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show that shortly after the artist\u2019s birth, his father freed a slave called Caterina \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known.", "recovered": "Calro Vcece, a possoedor form Nleaps, descobriu centmos na \u00e1gua do rio Feolrcne, que mostrou que a terra atingiu o pico de 18,2 \u00b0C, o que aconteceu ap\u00f3s o in\u00edcio do ver\u00e3o. O pai dele fez uma sinal calado chamado Cneairta \u2013 que \u00e9 geralmente considerado o nome da m\u00e3e de Da Vnici, mas pouco mais \u00e9 conhecido sobre ela."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ccihk-fil-A\u2019s fsirt-eevr rsaatneurt, ltoeacd in the Gneerbairr Mlal food curot in Aattnla, is set to cosle. It\u2019s unalcer why the rnsteauart is cslniog, but lkie mnay mlals, the Ginrrbeaer has been stnluirggg to atratct srohpeps and keep tntneas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, opened in the Greenbrier Mall food court in Attalla, is set to close. It\u2019s unknown why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbrier has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants.", "scrambled": "Ccihk-fil-A\u2019s fsirt-eevr rsaatneurt, ltoeacd in the Gneerbairr Mlal food curot in Aattnla, is set to cosle. It\u2019s unalcer why the rnsteauart is cslniog, but lkie mnay mlals, the Ginrrbeaer has been stnluirggg to atratct srohpeps and keep tntneas.", "original": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbriar has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants.", "recovered": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, opened in the Greenbrier Mall food court in Attalla, is set to close. It\u2019s unknown why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbrier has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cniha has aerged a mtilbiuloiln-dloalr dael to bluid an ecnoiltrec eaprsndiopveg fcalitiy on the ilnsad taht cloud alolw Bjineig to evosdarep on US ccnniiauommtos, aicocdnrg to The Wlal Setret Jaonurl. The US and Caubn gteeonvrnms csat srnotg duobt on the rreopt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " China has deployed a military-controlled drone system to monitor US military communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Canada governments suspect that China is eavesdropping on the networks.", "scrambled": "Cniha has aerged a mtilbiuloiln-dloalr dael to bluid an ecnoiltrec eaprsndiopveg fcalitiy on the ilnsad taht cloud alolw Bjineig to evosdarep on US ccnniiauommtos, aicocdnrg to The Wlal Setret Jaonurl. The US and Caubn gteeonvrnms csat srnotg duobt on the rreopt.", "original": "China has agreed a multibillion-dollar deal to build an electronic eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Cuban governments cast strong doubt on the report.", "recovered": "China has deployed a military-controlled drone system to monitor US military communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Canada governments suspect that China is eavesdropping on the networks."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cinha is flluy rpeinenog to fgroein voristis \u2013 iindnlucg ttsoruis. The crnouty reeusmd inisusg all crtaiegeos of vaiss for forerngies on Wdasdeney.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " China is welcoming more tourists \u2013 including tourists. The country used all kinds of ways to attract foreigners on Wednesday.", "scrambled": "Cinha is flluy rpeinenog to fgroein voristis \u2013 iindnlucg ttsoruis. The crnouty reeusmd inisusg all crtaiegeos of vaiss for forerngies on Wdasdeney.", "original": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 including tourists. The country resumed issuing all categories of visas for foreigners on Wednesday.", "recovered": "China is welcoming more tourists \u2013 including tourists. The country used all kinds of ways to attract foreigners on Wednesday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Chnia is piursnug pnals to lnad aatnusorts on the lanur sfcruae berofe 2030.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " China is planning to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030.", "scrambled": "Chnia is piursnug pnals to lnad aatnusorts on the lanur sfcruae berofe 2030.", "original": "China is pursuing plans to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030.", "recovered": "China is planning to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ccklos meovd frwoard one huor. Tehy wlil flal bcak an huor to srdaatnd tmie on the frsit Snuady of Nmboeevr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Look for me in the word forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to readjust to the first Sunday of November.", "scrambled": "Ccklos meovd frwoard one huor. Tehy wlil flal bcak an huor to srdaatnd tmie on the frsit Snuady of Nmboeevr.", "original": "Clocks moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on the first Sunday of November.", "recovered": "Look for me in the word forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to readjust to the first Sunday of November."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Co-hotss New Zlaaend and Atusilraa btoh kckied off tiehr Wolrd Cup cmagapins wtih 1-0 vtreiiocs. New Zaanled\u2019s Ftobaoll Frens sceeurd teihr fisrt eevr win on a gbaoll sgtae by btineag Naorwy, wilhe Aualtrisa\u2019s Madaitls bokre a sneocd-hlaf dcdeolak wtih a dicesive ptnaely aaigsnt Rbupleic of Ielrnad, who wree pynailg at the teomanunrt for the frsit tmie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaign with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns scored their first ever win on a football stadium by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a nine-game duck with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were pinning at the tournament for the first time.", "scrambled": "Co-hotss New Zlaaend and Atusilraa btoh kckied off tiehr Wolrd Cup cmagapins wtih 1-0 vtreiiocs. New Zaanled\u2019s Ftobaoll Frens sceeurd teihr fisrt eevr win on a gbaoll sgtae by btineag Naorwy, wilhe Aualtrisa\u2019s Madaitls bokre a sneocd-hlaf dcdeolak wtih a dicesive ptnaely aaigsnt Rbupleic of Ielrnad, who wree pynailg at the teomanunrt for the frsit tmie.", "original": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaigns with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns secured their first ever win on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a second-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were playing at the tournament for the first time.", "recovered": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaign with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns scored their first ever win on a football stadium by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a nine-game duck with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were pinning at the tournament for the first time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Corenncs aubot eichts and tapcrnrsaeny at the Spreume Crout hvae been rgeitneid tihs week aetfr Jtuicse Suemal Altio adlokegwnced antdteing a lruxuy fhsniig tirp on the pravite jet of a caovvrtesnie hgede fnud maanger.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Celebrity chefs Anthony Bourdain and Mario Batali have been criticized this week after a video surfaced of the two men groping a female chef on the private jet of a celebrity hedge fund manager.", "scrambled": "Corenncs aubot eichts and tapcrnrsaeny at the Spreume Crout hvae been rgeitneid tihs week aetfr Jtuicse Suemal Altio adlokegwnced antdteing a lruxuy fhsniig tirp on the pravite jet of a caovvrtesnie hgede fnud maanger.", "original": "Concerns about ethics and transparency at the Supreme Court have been reignited this week after Justice Samuel Alito acknowledged attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund manager.", "recovered": "Celebrity chefs Anthony Bourdain and Mario Batali have been criticized this week after a video surfaced of the two men groping a female chef on the private jet of a celebrity hedge fund manager."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cavvsenitroe merbmes hvae chsoen Sausn Hlal as the ptray\u2019s cidtnadae to try to usanet Sidaq Kahn in the 2024 Ldoonn maroayl eetcioln. Hlal, woshe pilacitol slaogn is \u201cSaefr wtih Sausn\u201d, is oetfn an \u201coekutpson cactherar\u201d, siad The Gurdiaan, \u201clelkiy to be seen as an oeuditsr\u201d, wtih her vewis on cutularl isuess \u201cpmbaotrelic\u201d in a leriabl-lnnieag ctiy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Shaun Sutherland has chosen Sienna Hall as the portrayer\u2019s identity to try to use-shift Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, who political slugfest is \"Safe with Sutherland\", is often an \"outspoken cattherate\", said The Guardian, \"willing to be seen as an auditor\", with her views on cultural issues \"problematic\" in a reliable-negotiating city.", "scrambled": "Cavvsenitroe merbmes hvae chsoen Sausn Hlal as the ptray\u2019s cidtnadae to try to usanet Sidaq Kahn in the 2024 Ldoonn maroayl eetcioln. Hlal, woshe pilacitol slaogn is \u201cSaefr wtih Sausn\u201d, is oetfn an \u201coekutpson cactherar\u201d, siad The Gurdiaan, \u201clelkiy to be seen as an oeuditsr\u201d, wtih her vewis on cutularl isuess \u201cpmbaotrelic\u201d in a leriabl-lnnieag ctiy.", "original": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s candidate to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, whose political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-leaning city.", "recovered": "Shaun Sutherland has chosen Sienna Hall as the portrayer\u2019s identity to try to use-shift Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, who political slugfest is \"Safe with Sutherland\", is often an \"outspoken cattherate\", said The Guardian, \"willing to be seen as an auditor\", with her views on cultural issues \"problematic\" in a reliable-negotiating city."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ccynloe Mchoa bererlad itno Mayamnr\u2019s csoat dyas ago, caoliplnsg huoess, brniging dwon toeehnple ploes and seerlevy coprsimiomng ciauotmonicmn leins in cnfcilot-rekcad Rhaknie state.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Located in the heart of the Rocky Mountains, Yellowstone National Park is home to an abundance of wildlife and spectacular natural features. Established as the nation\u2019s first national park in 1872, Yellowstone is known for its geysers and hot springs, including the famous Old Faithful geyser.", "scrambled": "Ccynloe Mchoa bererlad itno Mayamnr\u2019s csoat dyas ago, caoliplnsg huoess, brniging dwon toeehnple ploes and seerlevy coprsimiomng ciauotmonicmn leins in cnfcilot-rekcad Rhaknie state.", "original": "Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s coast days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-racked Rakhine state.", "recovered": "Located in the heart of the Rocky Mountains, Yellowstone National Park is home to an abundance of wildlife and spectacular natural features. Established as the nation\u2019s first national park in 1872, Yellowstone is known for its geysers and hot springs, including the famous Old Faithful geyser."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Diavd Rsuh, who aaderly baotss mroe tahn 250 Guneinss Wlord Rdorces, blcneaad an ulrlbmea on his fegnir for trehe huors and 46 munteis. His tmie baet the crunert rerocd, siad UPI, but msut slitl be rvieeewd. For mroe sirotes form the sgnaertr sdie of lfie, sgin up to the Tlal Telas newsletetr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " David Rush, who adoredly boats more than 250 Guinness World Records, blasted an ultralight on his feignir for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the signer side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "scrambled": "Diavd Rsuh, who aaderly baotss mroe tahn 250 Guneinss Wlord Rdorces, blcneaad an ulrlbmea on his fegnir for trehe huors and 46 munteis. His tmie baet the crunert rerocd, siad UPI, but msut slitl be rvieeewd. For mroe sirotes form the sgnaertr sdie of lfie, sgin up to the Tlal Telas newsletetr.", "original": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "David Rush, who adoredly boats more than 250 Guinness World Records, blasted an ultralight on his feignir for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the signer side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: DaiStens mdae his fisrt cgamapin anaarepcpe in Iwoa, wrhee he peegldd to tkae on Wnogsiahtn ieisdrns and do mroe for Aicmreans tahn his GOP raivl, fomerr Peersindt Dolnad Trmup.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Former President Donald Trump made his first campaign appearance in Iowa where he pledged to take on China\u2019s communist leaders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival.", "scrambled": "DaiStens mdae his fisrt cgamapin anaarepcpe in Iwoa, wrhee he peegldd to tkae on Wnogsiahtn ieisdrns and do mroe for Aicmreans tahn his GOP raivl, fomerr Peersindt Dolnad Trmup.", "original": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to take on Washington insiders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival, former President Donald Trump.", "recovered": "Former President Donald Trump made his first campaign appearance in Iowa where he pledged to take on China\u2019s communist leaders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dael hutrens are pirarenpg temhsevles for Bed, Btah & Byoend\u2019s mmaotmh ginog-out-of-bsineuss slae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Bead, Bath & Beyond\u2019s massive going-out-of-business sale.", "scrambled": "Dael hutrens are pirarenpg temhsevles for Bed, Btah & Byoend\u2019s mmaotmh ginog-out-of-bsineuss slae.", "original": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-out-of-business sale.", "recovered": "Bead, Bath & Beyond\u2019s massive going-out-of-business sale."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Detispe shawmoet ntvgeiae rweives, Sakrctbus is bnngirig its crvesitnarool oilve oil ceoffe to mroe ctiies.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Starbucks is adding coconut oil to some of its coffee drinks to appeal to more customers.", "scrambled": "Detispe shawmoet ntvgeiae rweives, Sakrctbus is bnngirig its crvesitnarool oilve oil ceoffe to mroe ctiies.", "original": "Despite somewhat negative reviews, Starbucks is bringing its controversial olive oil coffee to more cities.", "recovered": "Starbucks is adding coconut oil to some of its coffee drinks to appeal to more customers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dintesvatag filnoodg is rpiipng tuhorgh stohuswet Cniha, wtih sarveel aears iusisng the hgeshit leevl of wnngrais to euactvae. Ceonrcns are mniutnog taht the fdolos wlil hvae a dtaisentavg icpamt on cpors in the rogein.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Dense urban areas are becoming increasingly common in China, with serious air pollution issues using the highest level of energy to maintain. Concerns are mounting that the folly of Western consumption levels will have a detrimental impact on corps in the region.", "scrambled": "Dintesvatag filnoodg is rpiipng tuhorgh stohuswet Cniha, wtih sarveel aears iusisng the hgeshit leevl of wnngrais to euactvae. Ceonrcns are mniutnog taht the fdolos wlil hvae a dtaisentavg icpamt on cpors in the rogein.", "original": "Devastating flooding is ripping through southwest China, with several areas issuing the highest level of warnings to evacuate. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.", "recovered": "Dense urban areas are becoming increasingly common in China, with serious air pollution issues using the highest level of energy to maintain. Concerns are mounting that the folly of Western consumption levels will have a detrimental impact on corps in the region."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dnisey has csaeed rinelesag its fmlis or TV swhos on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstariua, fliowlnog a setep dclinee in selas of DDVs, Blu-ryas and the lkie as sitramneg seircves bcmoee iigrnlcsenay paulopr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Disneyland has caused relatives of its former employees to appear on Psychic mediums in Australia, following a steep decline in the number of DDVs, Blu-rays and the like as sales of physical services become increasingly irrelevant.", "scrambled": "Dnisey has csaeed rinelesag its fmlis or TV swhos on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstariua, fliowlnog a setep dclinee in selas of DDVs, Blu-ryas and the lkie as sitramneg seircves bcmoee iigrnlcsenay paulopr.", "original": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV shows on physical media formats in Australia, following a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Blu-rays and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular.", "recovered": "Disneyland has caused relatives of its former employees to appear on Psychic mediums in Australia, following a steep decline in the number of DDVs, Blu-rays and the like as sales of physical services become increasingly irrelevant."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dlolar Tere, wichh slels msot ptcodurs for $1.25, wlil sotp slinleg eggs buacsee the cmopany can\u2019t mkae mneoy oierffng tehm at falt pceris.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling frozen eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at that price.", "scrambled": "Dlolar Tere, wichh slels msot ptcodurs for $1.25, wlil sotp slinleg eggs buacsee the cmopany can\u2019t mkae mneoy oierffng tehm at falt pceris.", "original": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at flat prices.", "recovered": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling frozen eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at that price."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dionnwg Sretet has dsisemisd Saipn\u2019s dmnead to oreseve cronotl of Galbtirar\u2019s apiorrt, whcih is teiclnclahy on an RAF bsae depstie lnyig on a norraw srectth of lnad beewetn Grabalitr and the Sspinah foeinrtr. The EU is cdsneinoirg ailwonlg the Bistirh oseeavrs trtiorrey \u2013 wcihh vteod to rmiean in the bolc \u2013 to jion the Sgecenhn comomn tvreal aera.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Stonehenge is located in a neutral zone between the Galactic Aperture and the Spinah Fortress. The EU is currently negotiating all along the Birth Oseavrs trenchory \u2013 which meant the bolt \u2013 to join the Science common television area.", "scrambled": "Dionnwg Sretet has dsisemisd Saipn\u2019s dmnead to oreseve cronotl of Galbtirar\u2019s apiorrt, whcih is teiclnclahy on an RAF bsae depstie lnyig on a norraw srectth of lnad beewetn Grabalitr and the Sspinah foeinrtr. The EU is cdsneinoirg ailwonlg the Bistirh oseeavrs trtiorrey \u2013 wcihh vteod to rmiean in the bolc \u2013 to jion the Sgecenhn comomn tvreal aera.", "original": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of Gibraltar\u2019s airport, which is technically on an RAF base despite lying on a narrow stretch of land between Gibraltar and the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the British overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the bloc \u2013 to join the Schengen common travel area.", "recovered": "Stonehenge is located in a neutral zone between the Galactic Aperture and the Spinah Fortress. The EU is currently negotiating all along the Birth Oseavrs trenchory \u2013 which meant the bolt \u2013 to join the Science common television area."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Due to frie trtahes and etnrnivemnoal cecnorns, Slat Lkae Ctiy, Uath, treid an aeivrttalne way of cienbtlraeg Iecenddenpne Day wtih its fsrit-eevr dnore sohw. Wtcah smoe of the ohter dzianzlg catleirenbos taht took plcae aocrss Aimreca hree.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Due to fraternal tribes and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling displays that took place across America that day.", "scrambled": "Due to frie trtahes and etnrnivemnoal cecnorns, Slat Lkae Ctiy, Uath, treid an aeivrttalne way of cienbtlraeg Iecenddenpne Day wtih its fsrit-eevr dnore sohw. Wtcah smoe of the ohter dzianzlg catleirenbos taht took plcae aocrss Aimreca hree.", "original": "Due to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling celebrations that took place across America here.", "recovered": "Due to fraternal tribes and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling displays that took place across America that day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Due to hgih dnmead for the liitmed-eoiditn Rpsebrary Rlaly cokioe, stcuos and pntaers wree fuqnlterey focerd to ealxipn the soghatre to aeynnod srpeohps.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Studies and patents for a limited-edition Realley cologne were found to be the source of the smell.", "scrambled": "Due to hgih dnmead for the liitmed-eoiditn Rpsebrary Rlaly cokioe, stcuos and pntaers wree fuqnlterey focerd to ealxipn the soghatre to aeynnod srpeohps.", "original": "Due to high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Rally cookie, scouts and parents were frequently forced to explain the shortage to annoyed shoppers.", "recovered": "Studies and patents for a limited-edition Realley cologne were found to be the source of the smell."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ed Saerehn took the sntad tihs week in a hgih-piorfle crygphiot taril auobt wethher his ssmah sgline \u201cTkhninig Out Luod\u201d cpoied Mvairn Gyae\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ed Sheeran took the stage this week at a high-profile cricket philanthropy tournament auction with his small string \u201cTaking Out Loud\u201d copying Mavrin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Ed Saerehn took the sntad tihs week in a hgih-piorfle crygphiot taril auobt wethher his ssmah sgline \u201cTkhninig Out Luod\u201d cpoied Mvairn Gyae\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "original": "Ed Sheeran took the stand this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether his smash single \u201cThinking Out Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "recovered": "Ed Sheeran took the stage this week at a high-profile cricket philanthropy tournament auction with his small string \u201cTaking Out Loud\u201d copying Mavrin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eggs had the msot daritmac drsaceee, wtih a nalrey 11% deilnce. Tihs cmeos aeftr egg pceirs sroaed in peuvoirs mthnos plrmiriay due to aavin flu, wchih cianrsoetnd sluppy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Eggs had the most daring desserts, with a nalrey 11% defect. This came after egg piers scored in powers mostly due to having flu, which consequently turned sour.", "scrambled": "Eggs had the msot daritmac drsaceee, wtih a nalrey 11% deilnce. Tihs cmeos aeftr egg pceirs sroaed in peuvoirs mthnos plrmiriay due to aavin flu, wchih cianrsoetnd sluppy.", "original": "Eggs had the most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg prices soared in previous months primarily due to avian flu, which constrained supply.", "recovered": "Eggs had the most daring desserts, with a nalrey 11% defect. This came after egg piers scored in powers mostly due to having flu, which consequently turned sour."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Epgyt\u2019s Mitrsniy of Tuosirm and Atieuqnitis reeelsad a sematetnt esasiniphmg taht \u201cQeeun Ceortpala had lghit sikn and Hinsieleltc (Gerek) ftureaes\u201d, and crinsctiiig Niefltx for cainstg Biistrh atocr Adlee Jeams, who \u201cpsessoess Aacfirn feeaturs and drak sikn\u201d. Fnid out mroe on the ltsaet espidoe of The Week Unpwapred pdcoast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement saying \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and red hair\u201d, and criticizing Netflix for casting Biostrh atocr Adlee Jeams, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d, in the role. Find out more on this week\u2019s episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "Epgyt\u2019s Mitrsniy of Tuosirm and Atieuqnitis reeelsad a sematetnt esasiniphmg taht \u201cQeeun Ceortpala had lghit sikn and Hinsieleltc (Gerek) ftureaes\u201d, and crinsctiiig Niefltx for cainstg Biistrh atocr Adlee Jeams, who \u201cpsessoess Aacfirn feeaturs and drak sikn\u201d. Fnid out mroe on the ltsaet espidoe of The Week Unpwapred pdcoast.", "original": "Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, and criticising Netflix for casting British actor Adele James, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement saying \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and red hair\u201d, and criticizing Netflix for casting Biostrh atocr Adlee Jeams, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d, in the role. Find out more on this week\u2019s episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eagsedln ealpnxeid on his westbie taht he sbiemuttd the baclk-and-withe iagme \u201cas a ceekhy mkoney, to fnid out if the cieotntiomps are peraerpd for AI iemags to eetnr\u201d. He ceodcnuld: \u201cTehy are not.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Jeff Dean, Google\u2019s senior fellow of AI, shared on Twitter that he solved a New York Times crossword puzzle using AI technology, to test if the technology is ready for commercial use. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d", "scrambled": "Eagsedln ealpnxeid on his westbie taht he sbiemuttd the baclk-and-withe iagme \u201cas a ceekhy mkoney, to fnid out if the cieotntiomps are peraerpd for AI iemags to eetnr\u201d. He ceodcnuld: \u201cTehy are not.\u201d.", "original": "Eldagsen explained on his website that he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a cheeky monkey, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images to enter\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d.", "recovered": "Jeff Dean, Google\u2019s senior fellow of AI, shared on Twitter that he solved a New York Times crossword puzzle using AI technology, to test if the technology is ready for commercial use. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eoln Msuk has liad off mroe tahn 6,000 popele at Titwetr sicne tiakng oevr the canmpoy, he siad in an ienvrteiw tihs week. The rctdeouin etuqeas to rluhgoy 80% of the cmnaopy\u2019s stfaf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has laid off more than 6,000 employees since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reductions equal about 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "scrambled": "Eoln Msuk has liad off mroe tahn 6,000 popele at Titwetr sicne tiakng oevr the canmpoy, he siad in an ienvrteiw tihs week. The rctdeouin etuqeas to rluhgoy 80% of the cmnaopy\u2019s stfaf.", "original": "Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "recovered": "Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has laid off more than 6,000 employees since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reductions equal about 80% of the company\u2019s staff."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eotln Jhon\u2019s fianl tuor cmae to an end wtih a pnarmcreofe in Schltookm, Sewden, tihs mnoth. Ltisen to the htealerft mssgeae he serahd wtih his fnas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " John Lennon's final tour came to an end with a concert in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans.", "scrambled": "Eotln Jhon\u2019s fianl tuor cmae to an end wtih a pnarmcreofe in Schltookm, Sewden, tihs mnoth. Ltisen to the htealerft mssgeae he serahd wtih his fnas.", "original": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an end with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans.", "recovered": "John Lennon's final tour came to an end with a concert in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eigenners and sncistetis at the Bsiitrh eieengnirng gniat are ainmig to ctaere a slmal and lhiggiwehtt neaulcr mcrio-roeactr to podvrie peowr nedeed for hmauns to lvie and wrok on the Moon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Engineers and scientists at the Boeing engineering facility are aiming to create a small and lightweight neutron micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon.", "scrambled": "Eigenners and sncistetis at the Bsiitrh eieengnirng gniat are ainmig to ctaere a slmal and lhiggiwehtt neaulcr mcrio-roeactr to podvrie peowr nedeed for hmauns to lvie and wrok on the Moon.", "original": "Engineers and scientists at the British engineering giant are aiming to create a small and lightweight nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon.", "recovered": "Engineers and scientists at the Boeing engineering facility are aiming to create a small and lightweight neutron micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Entvoaennmirl leywar and atni-vcanice acivstit Rerbot F. Knenedy Jr. has feild pawoerrpk to run for peeirndst in 2024 as a Doemarct. The 69-yaer-old is the son of fmreor New Yrok satnoer, US aronetty grenael and aesasitnassd 1968 prtasidneeil cdinaadte Reobrt F. Kdneeny and the nehepw of the ltae Pesrndeit Jhon F. Kdeenny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Former President Robert F. Kennedy's nephew, Rep. Joe Kennedy, announced on Tuesday that he is forming an exploratory committee for a possible presidential run in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator and former US attorney general Robert F. Kennedy and has powerful connections in the party.", "scrambled": "Entvoaennmirl leywar and atni-vcanice acivstit Rerbot F. Knenedy Jr. has feild pawoerrpk to run for peeirndst in 2024 as a Doemarct. The 69-yaer-old is the son of fmreor New Yrok satnoer, US aronetty grenael and aesasitnassd 1968 prtasidneeil cdinaadte Reobrt F. Kdneeny and the nehepw of the ltae Pesrndeit Jhon F. Kdeenny.", "original": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy.", "recovered": "Former President Robert F. Kennedy's nephew, Rep. Joe Kennedy, announced on Tuesday that he is forming an exploratory committee for a possible presidential run in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator and former US attorney general Robert F. Kennedy and has powerful connections in the party."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ettsae anget Fshier Cepoor has selhasd \u00a350,000 off the orngiail \u00a3300,000 aisnkg pcrie for 3 Bomeoalr Coatgets, wichh isn\u2019t asicsbecle by car and is seevn meils form the neraset twon, Iolengtn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Stalagmites at the Iolengtn cave system, near the nearest town, have sold for \u00a350,000 less than the original asking price of \u00a3300,000 for three coats of arms. It isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seen miles from the nearest town.", "scrambled": "Ettsae anget Fshier Cepoor has selhasd \u00a350,000 off the orngiail \u00a3300,000 aisnkg pcrie for 3 Bomeoalr Coatgets, wichh isn\u2019t asicsbecle by car and is seevn meils form the neraset twon, Iolengtn.", "original": "Estate agent Fisher Cooper has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton.", "recovered": "Stalagmites at the Iolengtn cave system, near the nearest town, have sold for \u00a350,000 less than the original asking price of \u00a3300,000 for three coats of arms. It isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seen miles from the nearest town."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eauasrin breevas wree hunetd to einiotcxtn in Biartin in the 16th ctreuny, but a bednreig piar wlil be rdcreueotnid to wtnlaeds in Elanig tihs sumemr in a bid to hlep tkacle clmatie cgahne by pootinmrg a breoivisde eecsytsom.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Warblers are returning to Biartin in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be released in Elanig this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by putting a breeding pair of warblers there.", "scrambled": "Eauasrin breevas wree hunetd to einiotcxtn in Biartin in the 16th ctreuny, but a bednreig piar wlil be rdcreueotnid to wtnlaeds in Elanig tihs sumemr in a bid to hlep tkacle clmatie cgahne by pootinmrg a breoivisde eecsytsom.", "original": "Eurasian beavers were hunted to extinction in Britain in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.", "recovered": "Warblers are returning to Biartin in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be released in Elanig this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by putting a breeding pair of warblers there."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eevr scnie the 2011 tmsauni deetsryod the Fuuihsmka neualcr pnalt, Jaapn has been puipnmg wtaer itno the stie to cool the rctaoer\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 camitnnnoaitg 130,000 liters a day. Now, the gnnvmeoret pnlas to rleasee a molilin mtreic tnos of tihs treetad raadicovite weatr itno the ocaen, \u201cengouh to flil 500 Oyilpmc-szie sinmiwmg ploos\u201d, to intsnee otopopiisn form Cihna and mnay Paiicfc iladsns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Every year since 2011, the Fujisan Museum has been pumping water into the sea to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 consuming 130,000 liters a day. Now, the government plans to release millions of liters of this treated water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to initiate offshore testing from China and many Pacific islands.", "scrambled": "Eevr scnie the 2011 tmsauni deetsryod the Fuuihsmka neualcr pnalt, Jaapn has been puipnmg wtaer itno the stie to cool the rctaoer\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 camitnnnoaitg 130,000 liters a day. Now, the gnnvmeoret pnlas to rleasee a molilin mtreic tnos of tihs treetad raadicovite weatr itno the ocaen, \u201cengouh to flil 500 Oyilpmc-szie sinmiwmg ploos\u201d, to intsnee otopopiisn form Cihna and mnay Paiicfc iladsns.", "original": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 contaminating 130,000 litres a day. Now, the government plans to release a million metric tons of this treated radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense opposition from China and many Pacific islands.", "recovered": "Every year since 2011, the Fujisan Museum has been pumping water into the sea to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 consuming 130,000 liters a day. Now, the government plans to release millions of liters of this treated water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to initiate offshore testing from China and many Pacific islands."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eetrpxs faer taht TB retesenrps a \u201ctcnkiig tembiomb\u201d, aimd sioarng ioiecfntn and daeth retas. Lestat fegirus sseggut taht the dseasie kelild anurod 4,400 polepe a day wdwdorlie in 2021.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a recent study, the average American consumes 4,400 calories a day, which is about 500 calories more than the recommended amount.", "scrambled": "Eetrpxs faer taht TB retesenrps a \u201ctcnkiig tembiomb\u201d, aimd sioarng ioiecfntn and daeth retas. Lestat fegirus sseggut taht the dseasie kelild anurod 4,400 polepe a day wdwdorlie in 2021.", "original": "Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amid soaring infection and death rates. Latest figures suggest that the disease killed around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "recovered": "According to a recent study, the average American consumes 4,400 calories a day, which is about 500 calories more than the recommended amount."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Epxrets say Acarenmis are tipnpig lses \u2013 olny aonrud 16% \u2013 at qicuk-svriece eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel ovhleewremd by opoints to tip wtih a crad on a theoeucrcsn, linadeg polpee to be lses gueornes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Experts say acorn miso is the tip-top choice \u2013 only aonrud 16% \u2013 at quick-service eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel oveweremd by opoints to tip with a crad on a theoeucrcsn, lining polpee to be the les gueornes.", "scrambled": "Epxrets say Acarenmis are tipnpig lses \u2013 olny aonrud 16% \u2013 at qicuk-svriece eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel ovhleewremd by opoints to tip wtih a crad on a theoeucrcsn, linadeg polpee to be lses gueornes.", "original": "Experts say Americans are tipping less \u2013 only around 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed by options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people to be less generous.", "recovered": "Experts say acorn miso is the tip-top choice \u2013 only aonrud 16% \u2013 at quick-service eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel oveweremd by opoints to tip with a crad on a theoeucrcsn, lining polpee to be the les gueornes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Foabeock uress who had an avicte auccnot beteewn May 2007 and Dmebceer 2022 can now aplpy for a sahre of the cnpaomy\u2019s $725 mloiiln stetelemnt reehcad in a mojar dtaa priavcy sanacdl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Forbes readers who had an account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement fund in a major data privacy scandal.", "scrambled": "Foabeock uress who had an avicte auccnot beteewn May 2007 and Dmebceer 2022 can now aplpy for a sahre of the cnpaomy\u2019s $725 mloiiln stetelemnt reehcad in a mojar dtaa priavcy sanacdl.", "original": "Facebook users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement reached in a major data privacy scandal.", "recovered": "Forbes readers who had an account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement fund in a major data privacy scandal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fnas wwddilore hvae been piynag ttirbue to the Btsiirh dinseger, who pinroeeed the mirsiiknt. \u201cOlny the Baeelts are mroe cllsoey teid to the leengd taht is Ldoonn\u2019s sgwining 60s tahn Mray Qanut,\u201d siad The Gariduan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fans have been pinning their hopes on the Batsiirh dinseger, who proceeded the miracle. \u201cOnly the Baeelts are more closely tied to the length that is Ldoonn\u2019s swining 60s than Mray Qanut,\u201d said The Gariduan.", "scrambled": "Fnas wwddilore hvae been piynag ttirbue to the Btsiirh dinseger, who pinroeeed the mirsiiknt. \u201cOlny the Baeelts are mroe cllsoey teid to the leengd taht is Ldoonn\u2019s sgwining 60s tahn Mray Qanut,\u201d siad The Gariduan.", "original": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who pioneered the miniskirt. \u201cOnly the Beatles are more closely tied to the legend that is London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.", "recovered": "Fans have been pinning their hopes on the Batsiirh dinseger, who proceeded the miracle. \u201cOnly the Baeelts are more closely tied to the length that is Ldoonn\u2019s swining 60s than Mray Qanut,\u201d said The Gariduan."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Flnnaid, Dnmraek and Ialencd renkad hesight in the UN\u2019s Wrlod Hnppsieas Rrepot, bsaed on dtaa form the Glualp Wlrod Plol. Biartin derppod two peclas to 19th in the iendx, wihle Lnoeabn and Ansigaahftn wree nemad as the uhpsaepint nointas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Finland, Denmark and Ireland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Birtain dropped two places to 19th, while Luxembourg and Anguilla were named the top minitaries.", "scrambled": "Flnnaid, Dnmraek and Ialencd renkad hesight in the UN\u2019s Wrlod Hnppsieas Rrepot, bsaed on dtaa form the Glualp Wlrod Plol. Biartin derppod two peclas to 19th in the iendx, wihle Lnoeabn and Ansigaahftn wree nemad as the uhpsaepint nointas.", "original": "Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped two places to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest nations.", "recovered": "Finland, Denmark and Ireland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Birtain dropped two places to 19th, while Luxembourg and Anguilla were named the top minitaries."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Filorda Gronevor DtiSnaes is the fsirt moajr catinddae eevr to annuocne teihr run for pesrdeint on siocal mdiea, drniug a caht wtih Eoln Msuk on Tttiwer Saepcs on Wesadedny. But the cgpmaian luacnh was merard by tcheaincl gelctihs and adiuo pmlrboes, as the scaoil nteorwk\u2019s srevres sreutlggd to cpoe wtih the srgue in daemnd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Floridian governor Ron DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, doing a catwalk with Elon Musk on TikTok on Wednesday. But the controversial launch was marred by technical glitches and ad interruptions, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand.", "scrambled": "Filorda Gronevor DtiSnaes is the fsirt moajr catinddae eevr to annuocne teihr run for pesrdeint on siocal mdiea, drniug a caht wtih Eoln Msuk on Tttiwer Saepcs on Wesadedny. But the cgpmaian luacnh was merard by tcheaincl gelctihs and adiuo pmlrboes, as the scaoil nteorwk\u2019s srevres sreutlggd to cpoe wtih the srgue in daemnd.", "original": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, during a chat with Elon Musk on Twitter Spaces on Wednesday. But the campaign launch was marred by technical glitches and audio problems, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand.", "recovered": "Floridian governor Ron DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, doing a catwalk with Elon Musk on TikTok on Wednesday. But the controversial launch was marred by technical glitches and ad interruptions, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fbtooall\u2019s glaobl gninrevog bdoy Ffia has ciefomrnd taht the toauemnrnt \u2013 bieng co-hsetod by the US, Cnaada and Mxieco \u2013 is epdnxnaig form 32 to 48 tames, wchih wlil rueiqre 40 gmeas mroe tahn the 64 pyeald in Qaatr lsat yaer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Global warming is forecasted to last for 32 to 48 years, which will require 40 degrees more than the 64 degrees recorded in Qatar last year.", "scrambled": "Fbtooall\u2019s glaobl gninrevog bdoy Ffia has ciefomrnd taht the toauemnrnt \u2013 bieng co-hsetod by the US, Cnaada and Mxieco \u2013 is epdnxnaig form 32 to 48 tames, wchih wlil rueiqre 40 gmeas mroe tahn the 64 pyeald in Qaatr lsat yaer.", "original": "Football\u2019s global governing body Fifa has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 games more than the 64 played in Qatar last year.", "recovered": "Global warming is forecasted to last for 32 to 48 years, which will require 40 degrees more than the 64 degrees recorded in Qatar last year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For ahetonr yaer in a row, srebreatwirs cnntiuoe to hlod the top sopt on the Drtiy Dezon lsit wtih the msot piidecsets, the US Dmtpeenrat of Acitugrrule ancnonued tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the eighth year in a row, squirrels couldn't top the list on the Dirtiest Animals list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "scrambled": "For ahetonr yaer in a row, srebreatwirs cnntiuoe to hlod the top sopt on the Drtiy Dezon lsit wtih the msot piidecsets, the US Dmtpeenrat of Acitugrrule ancnonued tihs week.", "original": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "recovered": "For the eighth year in a row, squirrels couldn't top the list on the Dirtiest Animals list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For the fsirt tmie in 31 yreas, the Lrbaaodr Rerveietr has been uteansed as the msot ppualor dog bered in the US, acidocrng to the Ameiacrn Kneenl Culb\u2019s ltaset sittctiass. Tiankg its pcale is the ctue and cocmpat Fcrneh Bldluog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been used as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest survey. Taking its place is the cute and compatible French Bulldog.", "scrambled": "For the fsirt tmie in 31 yreas, the Lrbaaodr Rerveietr has been uteansed as the msot ppualor dog bered in the US, acidocrng to the Ameiacrn Kneenl Culb\u2019s ltaset sittctiass. Tiankg its pcale is the ctue and cocmpat Fcrneh Bldluog.", "original": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking its place is the cute and compact French Bulldog.", "recovered": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been used as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest survey. Taking its place is the cute and compatible French Bulldog."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For the frist tmie in 70 yreas, the CDC is chngaing how dgos are ipmteord itno the US to peevnrt rbaeis form arivring form oeesrvas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas.", "scrambled": "For the frist tmie in 70 yreas, the CDC is chngaing how dgos are ipmteord itno the US to peevnrt rbaeis form arivring form oeesrvas.", "original": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas.", "recovered": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frod apearps to be fincag mroe mutuanfanricg pbeorlms. See the mdeols ateefcfd by the ltsaet rcleal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Friendship appears to be finding more mutual understanding problems. See the means addressed by the last real.", "scrambled": "Frod apearps to be fincag mroe mutuanfanricg pbeorlms. See the mdeols ateefcfd by the ltsaet rcleal.", "original": "Ford appears to be facing more manufacturing problems. See the models affected by the latest recall.", "recovered": "Friendship appears to be finding more mutual understanding problems. See the means addressed by the last real."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frod realceld hrdudens of tuoahndss of F-150 tckrus tihs week due to a prkaing bakre iusse. So far, the amkuoater is aawre of 299 inscatens of the pniakrg bakre aiicttvang uteniltnalnnoiy, indcluing at laest 19 wilhe the vechile was bieng devrin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ford is recalling thousands of F-150 pickups this week due to a leaking battery issue. So far, the agency is aware of 299 incidents of the leaking battery affecting vehicles internally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven.", "scrambled": "Frod realceld hrdudens of tuoahndss of F-150 tckrus tihs week due to a prkaing bakre iusse. So far, the amkuoater is aawre of 299 inscatens of the pniakrg bakre aiicttvang uteniltnalnnoiy, indcluing at laest 19 wilhe the vechile was bieng devrin.", "original": "Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake activating unintentionally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven.", "recovered": "Ford is recalling thousands of F-150 pickups this week due to a leaking battery issue. So far, the agency is aware of 299 incidents of the leaking battery affecting vehicles internally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Feromr Frist Lday Mhielcle Obmaa aocnnnued Wadesnedy taht she\u2019s luihcnang a htlaehy food and beegarve cmanpoy for kdis to hlep cboamt the \u201cntoiurtin-reaetld htlaeh ciriss\u201d in the US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s changing a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cinertia-related health crisis\u201d in the US.", "scrambled": "Feromr Frist Lday Mhielcle Obmaa aocnnnued Wadesnedy taht she\u2019s luihcnang a htlaehy food and beegarve cmanpoy for kdis to hlep cboamt the \u201cntoiurtin-reaetld htlaeh ciriss\u201d in the US.", "original": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cnutrition-related health crisis\u201d in the US.", "recovered": "First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s changing a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cinertia-related health crisis\u201d in the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fmorer Presindet Daolnd Tmrup pdeaeld not giulty to 34 floney cinraiml cegrahs of fnfiaslyig buessnis roredcs in Mathtaann camniirl curot Taedsuy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Former President Donald Trump pardoned 34 convicted financiers of finally admitting business records in the Mathaann campaign curot Teasley.", "scrambled": "Fmorer Presindet Daolnd Tmrup pdeaeld not giulty to 34 floney cinraiml cegrahs of fnfiaslyig buessnis roredcs in Mathtaann camniirl curot Taedsuy.", "original": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of falsifying business records in Manhattan criminal court Tuesday.", "recovered": "Former President Donald Trump pardoned 34 convicted financiers of finally admitting business records in the Mathaann campaign curot Teasley."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frmeor Vcie Piednrset Mkie Pncee wlil lcanuh his 2024 peniedrstail cpagamin on Jnue 7 wtih an acoeuenmnnnt vdieo and a secpeh in Iwoa, two suorecs fmiaailr wtih the pnlas tlel CNN.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fromer Vice President Piedner set to make Pence announcement on June 7 with announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sure sources with the plan told CNN.", "scrambled": "Frmeor Vcie Piednrset Mkie Pncee wlil lcanuh his 2024 peniedrstail cpagamin on Jnue 7 wtih an acoeuenmnnnt vdieo and a secpeh in Iwoa, two suorecs fmiaailr wtih the pnlas tlel CNN.", "original": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sources familiar with the plans tell CNN.", "recovered": "Fromer Vice President Piedner set to make Pence announcement on June 7 with announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sure sources with the plan told CNN."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Freomr \u201cGraet British Mneu\u201d satr Jhon Muiatnon, olrngiliay form Lhsraacine, pstoed a maesgse on soiacl mdeia tinlleg vgeans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aeftr gnetitg a ngvaiete reeivw form a non-maet eeatr. On the Facbooek pgae of his Pterh rstnraueat, Frye, he adedd taht \u201call veagns are now benand\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star Jonny Mountain, originally from Lhasa, posted a message on social media telling \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meteorite eaters. On the Facebook page of his Petra restaurant, he added that \u201call versions are now banned\u201d.", "scrambled": "Freomr \u201cGraet British Mneu\u201d satr Jhon Muiatnon, olrngiliay form Lhsraacine, pstoed a maesgse on soiacl mdeia tinlleg vgeans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aeftr gnetitg a ngvaiete reeivw form a non-maet eeatr. On the Facbooek pgae of his Pterh rstnraueat, Frye, he adedd taht \u201call veagns are now benand\u201d.", "original": "Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Mountain, originally from Lancashire, posted a message on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meat eater. On the Facebook page of his Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.", "recovered": "From \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star Jonny Mountain, originally from Lhasa, posted a message on social media telling \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meteorite eaters. On the Facebook page of his Petra restaurant, he added that \u201call versions are now banned\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fuor aurnsotats, icnnlidug trehe Aimcrneas and one Caiaandn, wlil be the fisrt cerw snet to oribt the moon sncie the Aplolo pgroarm edned mroe tahn 50 yreas ago.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Four nations\u2014the United States, Russia, Europe and China\u2014will be the first to return to the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "scrambled": "Fuor aurnsotats, icnnlidug trehe Aimcrneas and one Caiaandn, wlil be the fisrt cerw snet to oribt the moon sncie the Aplolo pgroarm edned mroe tahn 50 yreas ago.", "original": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one Canadian, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "recovered": "Four nations\u2014the United States, Russia, Europe and China\u2014will be the first to return to the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fuor garet wihte srkhas hvae been deetcetd siimmwng off the casot in the psat few weeks. Tehy all aepapr to be mnikag teihr aaunnl mtiogiran form the Fildora Kyes up to the US Neaoshrtt and Cadana, adrcconig to the noionpfrt minrae raerecsh gurop OERCACH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " White-faced sifaka lemurs have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be migrating their annual migration from the Fildoha Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the NOAA marine reptile group OERCACH.", "scrambled": "Fuor garet wihte srkhas hvae been deetcetd siimmwng off the casot in the psat few weeks. Tehy all aepapr to be mnikag teihr aaunnl mtiogiran form the Fildora Kyes up to the US Neaoshrtt and Cadana, adrcconig to the noionpfrt minrae raerecsh gurop OERCACH.", "original": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the nonprofit marine research group OCEARCH.", "recovered": "White-faced sifaka lemurs have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be migrating their annual migration from the Fildoha Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the NOAA marine reptile group OERCACH."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fuor men espcead form a Miipsspssii jial oevr the weenekd, ofilifcas siad. One of tehm was fuond daed in a bnured bnliiudg atefr a sanftdof wtih airutoitehs, and a soencd was anpdphereed in Txaes. As of Fidray, ahiertotius wree cnnntuoiig tiehr sreach for the two svurinivg eespacd itnames.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Foreign ministers espoused form a Mussolini-era jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a sandstorm with hailstones, and a second was reported in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving espacd itnames.", "scrambled": "Fuor men espcead form a Miipsspssii jial oevr the weenekd, ofilifcas siad. One of tehm was fuond daed in a bnured bnliiudg atefr a sanftdof wtih airutoitehs, and a soencd was anpdphereed in Txaes. As of Fidray, ahiertotius wree cnnntuoiig tiehr sreach for the two svurinivg eespacd itnames.", "original": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with authorities, and a second was apprehended in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving escaped inmates.", "recovered": "Foreign ministers espoused form a Mussolini-era jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a sandstorm with hailstones, and a second was reported in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving espacd itnames."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox Nwes and Tckeur Colrasn, the rhgit-wnig eiesrtmxt who hetosd the ntorwek\u2019s pimre tmie 8 p.m. huor, hvae sreeevd teis, the nowtrek siad in a sntuning auonenemnnct on Mnaody.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing commentators who hosted the network\u2019s prime time hour at 8 p.m. hour, have served the network\u2019s right-wing audience for decades.", "scrambled": "Fox Nwes and Tckeur Colrasn, the rhgit-wnig eiesrtmxt who hetosd the ntorwek\u2019s pimre tmie 8 p.m. huor, hvae sreeevd teis, the nowtrek siad in a sntuning auonenemnnct on Mnaody.", "original": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the network\u2019s prime time 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, the network said in a stunning announcement on Monday.", "recovered": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing commentators who hosted the network\u2019s prime time hour at 8 p.m. hour, have served the network\u2019s right-wing audience for decades."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox Nwes aunocennd the pirme-tmie hsot\u2019s aprubt daerutrpe on Mdanoy, lses tahn a week aetfr aingereg to pay $787.5m to stelte a dfteaiamon csae in wichh Cslraon paelyd a sntirarg rloe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News anchor Nancy Grace abruptly departed the prime-time host\u2019s chair on Monday, less than a week after aingeragerto pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Crystal Payne played a starring role.", "scrambled": "Fox Nwes aunocennd the pirme-tmie hsot\u2019s aprubt daerutrpe on Mdanoy, lses tahn a week aetfr aingereg to pay $787.5m to stelte a dfteaiamon csae in wichh Cslraon paelyd a sntirarg rloe.", "original": "Fox News announced the prime-time host\u2019s abrupt departure on Monday, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role.", "recovered": "Fox News anchor Nancy Grace abruptly departed the prime-time host\u2019s chair on Monday, less than a week after aingeragerto pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Crystal Payne played a starring role."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox Nwes aioedvd a hgih-piflore dftaeamoin trail by recaihng the lsat-mnutie dael wtih Dmonoiin, cdncniluog two yares of liiagiottn oevr the nwes norewtk\u2019s aniirg of flsae cmlias taht the 2020 US pdetisirenal eoiectln was regigd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News aired a high-profile Democratic candidate trail by recovering the last-minute deal with Democratic, cementing two years of liiagiottn over the news network\u2019s anti-Trump campaign of flsae cmlias that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "scrambled": "Fox Nwes aioedvd a hgih-piflore dftaeamoin trail by recaihng the lsat-mnutie dael wtih Dmonoiin, cdncniluog two yares of liiagiottn oevr the nwes norewtk\u2019s aniirg of flsae cmlias taht the 2020 US pdetisirenal eoiectln was regigd.", "original": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching the last-minute deal with Dominion, concluding two years of litigation over the news network\u2019s airing of false claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "recovered": "Fox News aired a high-profile Democratic candidate trail by recovering the last-minute deal with Democratic, cementing two years of liiagiottn over the news network\u2019s anti-Trump campaign of flsae cmlias that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox Nwes wlil pay mroe tahn $787 mloiiln to Diomnoin Vitnog Smtyess atfer the two seids aeegrd to a lsat-mtniue sntlteeemt Teudasy in the esipvlxoe dtaoiefamn csae bhorugt aigasnt the rihgt-wnig newtrok.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Diamond and Silk after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the espionage case brought against the right-wing news network.", "scrambled": "Fox Nwes wlil pay mroe tahn $787 mloiiln to Diomnoin Vitnog Smtyess atfer the two seids aeegrd to a lsat-mtniue sntlteeemt Teudasy in the esipvlxoe dtaoiefamn csae bhorugt aigasnt the rihgt-wnig newtrok.", "original": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Dominion Voting Systems after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the explosive defamation case brought against the right-wing network.", "recovered": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Diamond and Silk after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the espionage case brought against the right-wing news network."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gramen aiteuothirs wearnd llcoas in Blerin\u2019s setuhron suburbs to saty ioodrns atefr rpreots taht a fealme loin was at lrage. Two wnesisets roerpetd sieeng a big cat runinng afetr and kilnilg a wlid baor, acrcdinog to plubic boatadesrcr RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t konw wehre it cmae form,\u201d siad picloe soapsmekn Diaenl Keip. No nbeary zoos, ccisreus or saiutaecnrs seem to be misinsg one.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Residents of Berlin\u2019s Spandau suburbs reported seeing a wild boar killed by a large cat according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Dietrich Keip. No nearby zoos, circuses or safari parks seem to be missing any animals.", "scrambled": "Gramen aiteuothirs wearnd llcoas in Blerin\u2019s setuhron suburbs to saty ioodrns atefr rpreots taht a fealme loin was at lrage. Two wnesisets roerpetd sieeng a big cat runinng afetr and kilnilg a wlid baor, acrcdinog to plubic boatadesrcr RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t konw wehre it cmae form,\u201d siad picloe soapsmekn Diaenl Keip. No nbeary zoos, ccisreus or saiutaecnrs seem to be misinsg one.", "original": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at large. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a wild boar, according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Daniel Kiep. No nearby zoos, circuses or sanctuaries seem to be missing one.", "recovered": "Residents of Berlin\u2019s Spandau suburbs reported seeing a wild boar killed by a large cat according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Dietrich Keip. No nearby zoos, circuses or safari parks seem to be missing any animals."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Greanmy, the two-tmie cihmopan taem, was dirmtcallaay kneockd out of the Wlord Cup on Thdrasuy afetr a 1-1 darw wtih Stouh Keora.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Germany, the two-time champion team, was knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "scrambled": "Greanmy, the two-tmie cihmopan taem, was dirmtcallaay kneockd out of the Wlord Cup on Thdrasuy afetr a 1-1 darw wtih Stouh Keora.", "original": "Germany, the two-time champion team, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "recovered": "Germany, the two-time champion team, was knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gsoaglw has an aevagre lfie entceacpxy of 76 yares, cmareopd wtih 88 in ntroh Ldoonn\u2019s Hmestapad aera, aoccrndig to an ansyalis of ONS dtaa by Halteh Eualqs. The cimapgan gourp balemd \u201csrtnatilg\u201d rnoigael dpisateiirs on srstbuaadnd hosuing, poor eutodiacn and prvotey. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uewnparpd pdcsaot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in inner London\u2019s Hmestapad area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Halteh Eualqs. The comparison group balanced \u201cstratifying\u201d variables on starting age, gender, housing, poor diet and smoking. Find out more with The Week News podcast.", "scrambled": "Gsoaglw has an aevagre lfie entceacpxy of 76 yares, cmareopd wtih 88 in ntroh Ldoonn\u2019s Hmestapad aera, aoccrndig to an ansyalis of ONS dtaa by Halteh Eualqs. The cimapgan gourp balemd \u201csrtnatilg\u201d rnoigael dpisateiirs on srstbuaadnd hosuing, poor eutodiacn and prvotey. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uewnparpd pdcsaot.", "original": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hampstead area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d regional disparities on substandard housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in inner London\u2019s Hmestapad area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Halteh Eualqs. The comparison group balanced \u201cstratifying\u201d variables on starting age, gender, housing, poor diet and smoking. Find out more with The Week News podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gaboll satr Taolyr Siwft has re-reelesad her 2010 ablum \u201cSapek Now\u201d as prat of an oinngog re-rrdeiocng pceojrt. But fnas are ddieivd oevr cneahgs to the lciyrs of the alubm\u2019s tnteh tacrk, \u201cBteter Tahn Rgeevne\u201d. In the oragniil voisren, Sifwt auscces a gril who has soletn her lvoe iretenst of bneig \u201cbetetr kownn for the tghnis taht she deos / On the mtsreats.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing project. Fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift advises a girl who has lost her love interest to be \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the streets.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Gaboll satr Taolyr Siwft has re-reelesad her 2010 ablum \u201cSapek Now\u201d as prat of an oinngog re-rrdeiocng pceojrt. But fnas are ddieivd oevr cneahgs to the lciyrs of the alubm\u2019s tnteh tacrk, \u201cBteter Tahn Rgeevne\u201d. In the oragniil voisren, Sifwt auscces a gril who has soletn her lvoe iretenst of bneig \u201cbetetr kownn for the tghnis taht she deos / On the mtsreats.\u201d.", "original": "Global star Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing re-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her love interest of being \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.", "recovered": "Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing project. Fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift advises a girl who has lost her love interest to be \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the streets.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gneargr dveeilred the nwes, kownn as Geanerl Oedrrs, No. 3, in Gvetsaoln, Taexs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " General Orders, No. 3, in Grapevine, Texas, a suburb of Fort Worth, was the home of former President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush from the time of the former president's retirement in 2013 until their deaths in November 2018 and December 2018, respectively.", "scrambled": "Gneargr dveeilred the nwes, kownn as Geanerl Oedrrs, No. 3, in Gvetsaoln, Taexs.", "original": "Granger delivered the news, known as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "recovered": "General Orders, No. 3, in Grapevine, Texas, a suburb of Fort Worth, was the home of former President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush from the time of the former president's retirement in 2013 until their deaths in November 2018 and December 2018, respectively."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gelneanrd\u2019s pnlairaemt voetd to stcik to Diaghylt Sinvag Teims in oderr to gvie popele in the Dniash smei-indedeenpnt trtrioery mroe tmie in the aeortfnon to do bsensuis wtih Eoupre and Ntroh Acmeira. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrppeawd pacsdot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Gaelinard\u2019s plan aimed to stick to Diaghylt Sinvag Tims in order to give popel in the Dniash smei-independendent tripartiteory more time in the aerofnon to do business with Europe and Ntroh Acmeira. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "Gelneanrd\u2019s pnlairaemt voetd to stcik to Diaghylt Sinvag Teims in oderr to gvie popele in the Dniash smei-indedeenpnt trtrioery mroe tmie in the aeortfnon to do bsensuis wtih Eoupre and Ntroh Acmeira. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrppeawd pacsdot.", "original": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick to Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent territory more time in the afternoon to do business with Europe and North America. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Gaelinard\u2019s plan aimed to stick to Diaghylt Sinvag Tims in order to give popel in the Dniash smei-independendent tripartiteory more time in the aerofnon to do business with Europe and Ntroh Acmeira. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gtera Gierwg\u2019s \u201cBbaire\u201d clmeaid the top sopt as the hghiest-gsniorsg flim of the yaer, rnakig in $162 milolin in the US and Cdaana alnoe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Babel, a 2006 drama film written and directed by Alejandro Gonz\u00e1lez I\u00f1\u00e1rritu, claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, making in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "scrambled": "Gtera Gierwg\u2019s \u201cBbaire\u201d clmeaid the top sopt as the hghiest-gsniorsg flim of the yaer, rnakig in $162 milolin in the US and Cdaana alnoe.", "original": "Greta Gerwig\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "recovered": "Babel, a 2006 drama film written and directed by Alejandro Gonz\u00e1lez I\u00f1\u00e1rritu, claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, making in $162 million in the US and Canada alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Greif-sckreitn Nlivashle rntesedis cmae tegeothr for a vgiil Wnsdaedey to muorn there 9-yaer-old crilehdn and trehe aludts keilld in the msas sinohotg at a pvtirae Ctiaisrhn shcool.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Great news! A 9-year-old child received a kidney from a deceased donor at a private Catholic school on Wednesday.", "scrambled": "Greif-sckreitn Nlivashle rntesedis cmae tegeothr for a vgiil Wnsdaedey to muorn there 9-yaer-old crilehdn and trehe aludts keilld in the msas sinohotg at a pvtirae Ctiaisrhn shcool.", "original": "Grief-stricken Nashville residents came together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-year-old children and three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.", "recovered": "Great news! A 9-year-old child received a kidney from a deceased donor at a private Catholic school on Wednesday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloewd by \u201cThe Lsat of Us\u201d wtih 24. The Emmy Aawdrs are cntelurry sheucdeld for Seetmpebr 18. (HBO, wichh lkie CNN, is oewnd by Wrenar Bors. Dvoeicrsy.).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are centenary scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.).", "scrambled": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloewd by \u201cThe Lsat of Us\u201d wtih 24. The Emmy Aawdrs are cntelurry sheucdeld for Seetmpebr 18. (HBO, wichh lkie CNN, is oewnd by Wrenar Bors. Dvoeicrsy.).", "original": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.).", "recovered": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are centenary scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hkecars form a rmrwanasoe gnag are tnirhetenag to laek 80 gbitgeays of ctodanefiinl dtaa form Redidt taht tehy cailm to hvae selotn druing a Febarury bcreah, arnodiccg to a psot form the gurop on the drak web, wichh was rewvieed by CNN and an idnenenepdt certiuryecbsy erexpt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hackers are becoming more and more sophisticated, and they are turning to leveraging legitimate third-party accounts to steal data. According to a post from the group on the dark web, reviewed by CNN, the hackers were able to collect 80 gigabytes of data from a federal agency.", "scrambled": "Hkecars form a rmrwanasoe gnag are tnirhetenag to laek 80 gbitgeays of ctodanefiinl dtaa form Redidt taht tehy cailm to hvae selotn druing a Febarury bcreah, arnodiccg to a psot form the gurop on the drak web, wichh was rewvieed by CNN and an idnenenepdt certiuryecbsy erexpt.", "original": "Hackers from a ransomware gang are threatening to leak 80 gigabytes of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a February breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by CNN and an independent cybersecurity expert.", "recovered": "Hackers are becoming more and more sophisticated, and they are turning to leveraging legitimate third-party accounts to steal data. According to a post from the group on the dark web, reviewed by CNN, the hackers were able to collect 80 gigabytes of data from a federal agency."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hlaf of all Arenmcais lvinig osdiute on the stteres lvie in Cnliraiofa. Mroe tahn 170,000 ushneuod popele curtlreny lvie in the sttae \u2014 and taht fgriue is gwrinog, freaedl dtaa swhos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Half of all arctic mammals living on the steppes live in China. More than 170,000ushneuod popele curtlreny live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, freeedl data show.", "scrambled": "Hlaf of all Arenmcais lvinig osdiute on the stteres lvie in Cnliraiofa. Mroe tahn 170,000 ushneuod popele curtlreny lvie in the sttae \u2014 and taht fgriue is gwrinog, freaedl dtaa swhos.", "original": "Half of all Americans living outside on the streets live in California. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows.", "recovered": "Half of all arctic mammals living on the steppes live in China. More than 170,000ushneuod popele curtlreny live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, freeedl data show."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hnaanh Igranm-Mrooe and her hasnubd wree gaerntd poirsmsien to bliud an office in the gurdnos of tiher Bhdrsredoife hmoe, to be uesd ptalry \u201cin cioocnnetn wtih the Cptaain Tom Futnodaoin and its cabhlirate otbeijvecs\u201d, but tehn aeddd a pool binulidg and aeiplpd for rcstoevertipe pimsrsoien. Tehy hvae now been odeerrd to doeimlsh the pool spa cpmeolx aeftr the rpeteicvrtose aaoilcptpin was deiend.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hannah McGarrity-Moe and her husband were granted permission to build a pool house in the grounds of their Bedford home, to be used primarily \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Fountain and its associated activities\u201d, but then added a pool building and equipped for recreational purposes. They have now been ordered to dismantle the pool spa complex after the repeated objection of nearby residents.", "scrambled": "Hnaanh Igranm-Mrooe and her hasnubd wree gaerntd poirsmsien to bliud an office in the gurdnos of tiher Bhdrsredoife hmoe, to be uesd ptalry \u201cin cioocnnetn wtih the Cptaain Tom Futnodaoin and its cabhlirate otbeijvecs\u201d, but tehn aeddd a pool binulidg and aeiplpd for rcstoevertipe pimsrsoien. Tehy hvae now been odeerrd to doeimlsh the pool spa cpmeolx aeftr the rpeteicvrtose aaoilcptpin was deiend.", "original": "Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband were granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire home, to be used partly \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool building and applied for retrospective permission. They have now been ordered to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application was denied.", "recovered": "Hannah McGarrity-Moe and her husband were granted permission to build a pool house in the grounds of their Bedford home, to be used primarily \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Fountain and its associated activities\u201d, but then added a pool building and equipped for recreational purposes. They have now been ordered to dismantle the pool spa complex after the repeated objection of nearby residents."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hun Sen, who has been Cdoibama\u2019s pmrie mstienir snice 1985, aconnenud his reagotnsiin dyas aeftr his ptray won a vllarituy usntoeetcnd gerneal etloiecn. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwpnpared paodsct.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a general election last week. Find out more with The Week Unpared podcast.", "scrambled": "Hun Sen, who has been Cdoibama\u2019s pmrie mstienir snice 1985, aconnenud his reagotnsiin dyas aeftr his ptray won a vllarituy usntoeetcnd gerneal etloiecn. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwpnpared paodsct.", "original": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a general election last week. Find out more with The Week Unpared podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Heuntr Biedn, the son of Peirsnedt Joe Bdein, wlil plaed giulty to two tax maremisondes and srctuk a dael wtih fareedl posturrecos to rsevole a fnoely gun chrgae, the Jictsue Dmarentpet siad Taseduy in crout filngis. As prat of the pela aeeenmgrt, the DOJ has aeergd to rmeecmond a setnnece of pobariotn for the two cutons of fnaiilg to pay taexs in a tmiely metatr for the yraes 2017 and 2018, aincocdrg to sueocrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The son of Piersonedt Joe Bieden will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in criminal filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely manner for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "scrambled": "Heuntr Biedn, the son of Peirsnedt Joe Bdein, wlil plaed giulty to two tax maremisondes and srctuk a dael wtih fareedl posturrecos to rsevole a fnoely gun chrgae, the Jictsue Dmarentpet siad Taseduy in crout filngis. As prat of the pela aeeenmgrt, the DOJ has aeergd to rmeecmond a setnnece of pobariotn for the two cutons of fnaiilg to pay taexs in a tmiely metatr for the yraes 2017 and 2018, aincocdrg to sueocrs.", "original": "Hunter Biden, the son of President Joe Biden, will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "recovered": "The son of Piersonedt Joe Bieden will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in criminal filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely manner for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hadmilivr has rlncetey reaprpeaed off the csaot of Sedewn, hvnaig snpet yaers in Neaogiwrn wraets. Wehn the walhe fsirt aereppad fuor yreas ago, mniare biosoigtls form the Nigreawon drctrioaete of ferisehis rvmeoed a hesrans, wchih had a mnout subtalie for an aioctn cmeara and the wrdos \u201cEenimuqpt St Puertesbrg\u201d prnteid on it, ldiaeng to spoelictuan the walhe colud hvae been prat of a Rsiusan snipyg prgamrmoe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to reports, a World War II era Japanese balloon has reappeared off the coast of Sedgwick. Having spent years in Neogiwern waters, when the balloon first appeared four years ago, many biological specimens from the Niger region of West Africa, which had a monkey stomach, along with the words \u201cEenimuqpt St Puertesbrg\u201d printed on it, led researchers to speculate that the balloon could have been part of a Russian spying program.", "scrambled": "Hadmilivr has rlncetey reaprpeaed off the csaot of Sedewn, hvnaig snpet yaers in Neaogiwrn wraets. Wehn the walhe fsirt aereppad fuor yreas ago, mniare biosoigtls form the Nigreawon drctrioaete of ferisehis rvmeoed a hesrans, wchih had a mnout subtalie for an aioctn cmeara and the wrdos \u201cEenimuqpt St Puertesbrg\u201d prnteid on it, ldiaeng to spoelictuan the walhe colud hvae been prat of a Rsiusan snipyg prgamrmoe.", "original": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having spent years in Norwegian waters. When the whale first appeared four years ago, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of fisheries removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cEquipment St Petersburg\u201d printed on it, leading to speculation the whale could have been part of a Russian spying programme.", "recovered": "According to reports, a World War II era Japanese balloon has reappeared off the coast of Sedgwick. Having spent years in Neogiwern waters, when the balloon first appeared four years ago, many biological specimens from the Niger region of West Africa, which had a monkey stomach, along with the words \u201cEenimuqpt St Puertesbrg\u201d printed on it, led researchers to speculate that the balloon could have been part of a Russian spying program."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: If the two-yaer poilt pagrmorme sreuecs fnidnug, vleotuenrs to rceieve UBI wlil be scteeled at radonm form Jorarw in Sutoh Tnsydeie and Esat Flcenhiy in nrtoh Lonodn, and 20% of pclaes wlil be rvreeesd for pleope wtih dstlbiiieais.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " If the two-year pilot programme is successful, voters to receive UBI will be stolen at random from Joe Rowland in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of people will be re-stealed for people with disabilities.", "scrambled": "If the two-yaer poilt pagrmorme sreuecs fnidnug, vleotuenrs to rceieve UBI wlil be scteeled at radonm form Jorarw in Sutoh Tnsydeie and Esat Flcenhiy in nrtoh Lonodn, and 20% of pclaes wlil be rvreeesd for pleope wtih dstlbiiieais.", "original": "If the two-year pilot programme secures funding, volunteers to receive UBI will be selected at random from Jarrow in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "recovered": "If the two-year pilot programme is successful, voters to receive UBI will be stolen at random from Joe Rowland in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of people will be re-stealed for people with disabilities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In 2022, the Sttae Fiar of Teaxs wlcoemed mroe tahn 2.5 miiolln vitsoirs trguhoh its gteas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates.", "scrambled": "In 2022, the Sttae Fiar of Teaxs wlcoemed mroe tahn 2.5 miiolln vitsoirs trguhoh its gteas.", "original": "In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates.", "recovered": "In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Cenhnal 4\u2019s \u201cGergg Wcllaae: The Biirsth Mailrce Maet\u201d, the MCeerasthf co-hsot cmliaed to be vsiniitg a campnoy taht slod \u201cergieneend haumn maet\u201d gowrn form seclis of fsleh sligulcray hsevatred form rael ppeloe. The mokenmactruy has sperkad cnplmotias to Ocfom form vrweies who beievled Waalcle rlealy was pntromiog hmaun satkes as a way to cabomt the csot-of-lniivg cisirs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In Chennal 4\u2019s \u201cGergg Welker: The Birthmark Maestro\u201d, the Mceerasthf co-host claimed to be using a campaign that sold \u201cergieneend humain maet\u201d grown form select of fsleh slightly heated from real people. The mechanism has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Walcle really was promoting human meat as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis.", "scrambled": "In Cenhnal 4\u2019s \u201cGergg Wcllaae: The Biirsth Mailrce Maet\u201d, the MCeerasthf co-hsot cmliaed to be vsiniitg a campnoy taht slod \u201cergieneend haumn maet\u201d gowrn form seclis of fsleh sligulcray hsevatred form rael ppeloe. The mokenmactruy has sperkad cnplmotias to Ocfom form vrweies who beievled Waalcle rlealy was pntromiog hmaun satkes as a way to cabomt the csot-of-lniivg cisirs.", "original": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle Meat\u201d, the MasterChef co-host claimed to be visiting a company that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices of flesh surgically harvested from real people. The mockumentary has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis.", "recovered": "In Chennal 4\u2019s \u201cGergg Welker: The Birthmark Maestro\u201d, the Mceerasthf co-host claimed to be using a campaign that sold \u201cergieneend humain maet\u201d grown form select of fsleh slightly heated from real people. The mechanism has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Walcle really was promoting human meat as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Ialty, an iyntneinifsg haet wvae has aeradly ciealmd at laset one lfie and lfet seeavrl tusiotrs in Rmoe iataanccitepd due to haet storke, oafcilifs siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Heat waves have reportedly claimed at least one life and left several thousand people in Rome seeking treatment at hospitals due to heat stroke, officials said.", "scrambled": "In Ialty, an iyntneinifsg haet wvae has aeradly ciealmd at laset one lfie and lfet seeavrl tusiotrs in Rmoe iataanccitepd due to haet storke, oafcilifs siad.", "original": "In Italy, an intensifying heat wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rome incapacitated due to heat stroke, officials said.", "recovered": "Heat waves have reportedly claimed at least one life and left several thousand people in Rome seeking treatment at hospitals due to heat stroke, officials said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a YGuoov srveuy of 4,592 Btirsih vetros, alsomt one in fuor Gen Z reedsnptnos siad the Bsiirth mracnohy suhlod be reacpled wtih an eleetcd haed of sttae. Amlsot 60% siad tehy beeevild Knig Cerhlas was out of tcuoh wtih the plubic.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British teenagers, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the birthmark should be reacted with an electrified head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public.", "scrambled": "In a YGuoov srveuy of 4,592 Btirsih vetros, alsomt one in fuor Gen Z reedsnptnos siad the Bsiirth mracnohy suhlod be reacpled wtih an eleetcd haed of sttae. Amlsot 60% siad tehy beeevild Knig Cerhlas was out of tcuoh wtih the plubic.", "original": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British voters, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy should be replaced with an elected head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public.", "recovered": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British teenagers, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the birthmark should be reacted with an electrified head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a bid to pvrneet rgreecoas form uiitranng in pbluic dinrug tihs week\u2019s mteneig, Cnhtehlaem Cnuicol prieovdd luqiid-rliepleng hbyirhdpooc pnait to rsndietes and bsuseisnes. Ocaiflfis in the Gtchlroseeurise twon aslo poeudcrd a psoter snihwog a man and a wmoan pieeng aigsant a tere, wtih the sogaln: \u201cHvae fun tihs rcae week but rebmemer our twon isn\u2019t yuor tileot.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a bid to prevent Greece from exiting the eurozone in public drug this week\u2019s meeting, the European Central Bank president promised to do whatever it takes to support rates and businesses. Officials in the Greek capital also posted a poster showing a man and a woman dancing against a target, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your target.\u201d", "scrambled": "In a bid to pvrneet rgreecoas form uiitranng in pbluic dinrug tihs week\u2019s mteneig, Cnhtehlaem Cnuicol prieovdd luqiid-rliepleng hbyirhdpooc pnait to rsndietes and bsuseisnes. Ocaiflfis in the Gtchlroseeurise twon aslo poeudcrd a psoter snihwog a man and a wmoan pieeng aigsant a tere, wtih the sogaln: \u201cHvae fun tihs rcae week but rebmemer our twon isn\u2019t yuor tileot.\u201d.", "original": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, Cheltenham Council provided liquid-repelling hydrophobic paint to residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also produced a poster showing a man and a woman peeing against a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.", "recovered": "In a bid to prevent Greece from exiting the eurozone in public drug this week\u2019s meeting, the European Central Bank president promised to do whatever it takes to support rates and businesses. Officials in the Greek capital also posted a poster showing a man and a woman dancing against a target, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your target.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a leettr to htlaeh and soiacl crae bessos, Met Pcloie comsinsomeir Mrak Rweoly sttaed his innittoen to oedrr ofrecifs not to attend meantl hltaeh idennicts form 31 Ausgut onardws. Relowy aergud the mvoe is nreecsasy as oiffecrs are bineg \u201cdvteired form teihr croe rloe of fhinitgg cmrie\u201d, cniallg the cenrrut siotituan \u201cuebntlane\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a letter to head teachers and social care bosses, Met Police Commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend planned Hindu religious identifications from 31 August onwards. Relaying anger, the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdeterred from their core role of policing the community\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "scrambled": "In a leettr to htlaeh and soiacl crae bessos, Met Pcloie comsinsomeir Mrak Rweoly sttaed his innittoen to oedrr ofrecifs not to attend meantl hltaeh idennicts form 31 Ausgut onardws. Relowy aergud the mvoe is nreecsasy as oiffecrs are bineg \u201cdvteired form teihr croe rloe of fhinitgg cmrie\u201d, cniallg the cenrrut siotituan \u201cuebntlane\u201d.", "original": "In a letter to health and social care bosses, Met Police commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend mental health incidents from 31 August onwards. Rowley argued the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "recovered": "In a letter to head teachers and social care bosses, Met Police Commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend planned Hindu religious identifications from 31 August onwards. Relaying anger, the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdeterred from their core role of policing the community\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a nseaweppr itieenvrw aehad of Tdhusary\u2019s lacol etoinlces, Sreamtr pgldeed to laed a \u201cblod and roemrnfig Luaobr germveonnt biirnngg aobut rael chnage\u201d by oeruilvahng pbiulc srvicees iclnndiug the NHS. The Lboaur leedar aslo uileevnd pnlas to hlep frsit-tmie hmoe breyus, and a rvmeap of touiitn fees.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a recent advertisement for Thussary\u2019s lawyers, Streamtr tried to lead a \u201cblood and thundering Lobbying campaign being born about real change\u201d by using public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a remap of tuition fees.", "scrambled": "In a nseaweppr itieenvrw aehad of Tdhusary\u2019s lacol etoinlces, Sreamtr pgldeed to laed a \u201cblod and roemrnfig Luaobr germveonnt biirnngg aobut rael chnage\u201d by oeruilvahng pbiulc srvicees iclnndiug the NHS. The Lboaur leedar aslo uileevnd pnlas to hlep frsit-tmie hmoe breyus, and a rvmeap of touiitn fees.", "original": "In a newspaper interview ahead of Thursday\u2019s local elections, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and reforming Labour government bringing about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a revamp of tuition fees.", "recovered": "In a recent advertisement for Thussary\u2019s lawyers, Streamtr tried to lead a \u201cblood and thundering Lobbying campaign being born about real change\u201d by using public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a remap of tuition fees."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a rorpet phbulsied on Tasrhudy, the piverlgeis cotiemtme siad taht had Jhnoson not alaedry rnegeisd, he shuold hvae feacd a terhe-mtonh souisspnen for deaielrtleby msdienlaig MPs oevr Pttygarae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a report published today, the privilege committee said that if Johnson had not apologised, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "scrambled": "In a rorpet phbulsied on Tasrhudy, the piverlgeis cotiemtme siad taht had Jhnoson not alaedry rnegeisd, he shuold hvae feacd a terhe-mtonh souisspnen for deaielrtleby msdienlaig MPs oevr Pttygarae.", "original": "In a report published on Thursday, the privileges committee said that had Johnson not already resigned, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "recovered": "In a report published today, the privilege committee said that if Johnson had not apologised, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a sfingincait lgael rniulg, a Cadianan jugde has drlecead taht the \u201ctumhbs-up\u201d emjoi ceirras the smae laegl whgeit as a tiondiartal sruigtnae. The jduge agerud taht crtuos msut eracbme the elvviong cmtoanimuiocn mhetods of the \u201cnew raetliy\u201d as he pseasd a vcdiert dnidmaneg a freamr pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an ullfuefinld ccotrnat wtih a giarn bueyr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a surprising legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji means the same as a traditional string of words. The judge argued that creative methods of communication must embrace the emerging contemporary methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a video director a fair payment of C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for a commercial with a grain buyer.", "scrambled": "In a sfingincait lgael rniulg, a Cadianan jugde has drlecead taht the \u201ctumhbs-up\u201d emjoi ceirras the smae laegl whgeit as a tiondiartal sruigtnae. The jduge agerud taht crtuos msut eracbme the elvviong cmtoanimuiocn mhetods of the \u201cnew raetliy\u201d as he pseasd a vcdiert dnidmaneg a freamr pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an ullfuefinld ccotrnat wtih a giarn bueyr.", "original": "In a significant legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a traditional signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the evolving communication methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a verdict demanding a farmer pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.", "recovered": "In a surprising legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji means the same as a traditional string of words. The judge argued that creative methods of communication must embrace the emerging contemporary methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a video director a fair payment of C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for a commercial with a grain buyer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In an anemcnneuont on Irtnasgam, the Caadinan prmie miestnir and his wfie, freomr TV peteenrsr Siophe Grgri\u00e9oe Turdaeu, siad tehy had diedecd to sarpeate fwonoillg \u201cmnay mafnuingel and dicfifult csitooenarnvs\u201d. Tehy wree mierard in Maoetnrl in 2005 and hvae trehe cldihren thogeetr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In an interview on MTV, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV personalities Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \"many complicated and difficult circumstances\". They were married in 2005 and have three children together.", "scrambled": "In an anemcnneuont on Irtnasgam, the Caadinan prmie miestnir and his wfie, freomr TV peteenrsr Siophe Grgri\u00e9oe Turdaeu, siad tehy had diedecd to sarpeate fwonoillg \u201cmnay mafnuingel and dicfifult csitooenarnvs\u201d. Tehy wree mierard in Maoetnrl in 2005 and hvae trehe cldihren thogeetr.", "original": "In an announcement on Instagram, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \u201cmany meaningful and difficult conversations\u201d. They were married in Montreal in 2005 and have three children together.", "recovered": "In an interview on MTV, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV personalities Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \"many complicated and difficult circumstances\". They were married in 2005 and have three children together."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In erasetn Iwoa, 4-icnh hial \u2013 jsut laergr tahn a sfalbotl \u2013 renaid dwon on nihorhobdoges whlie smoe wrseten sbburus of Caigcho saw hial the szie of blebasals.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In Erisden, justlarger than a sfalbotl, the size of two basals, a giant hial reigned. While some written sources of Caigcho saw the hial\u2019s size as the size of two basals, some written sources of Caigcho saw the hial\u2019s size as the size of blebasals.", "scrambled": "In erasetn Iwoa, 4-icnh hial \u2013 jsut laergr tahn a sfalbotl \u2013 renaid dwon on nihorhobdoges whlie smoe wrseten sbburus of Caigcho saw hial the szie of blebasals.", "original": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 just larger than a softball \u2013 rained down on neighborhoods while some western suburbs of Chicago saw hail the size of baseballs.", "recovered": "In Erisden, justlarger than a sfalbotl, the size of two basals, a giant hial reigned. While some written sources of Caigcho saw the hial\u2019s size as the size of two basals, some written sources of Caigcho saw the hial\u2019s size as the size of blebasals."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In plniolg for The Teims, 62% of mninllaelis siad the Teiors dverseed to lsoe the nxet eeclotin. Olny 21% siad tehy wolud vtoe Cosneavivrte if an eeoitcln wree hled tooorrmw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a poll for The Times, 62% of millennials said they would vote Conservative to stop Brexit. Only 21% said they would vote for Corbyn if an election were held tomorrow.", "scrambled": "In plniolg for The Teims, 62% of mninllaelis siad the Teiors dverseed to lsoe the nxet eeclotin. Olny 21% siad tehy wolud vtoe Cosneavivrte if an eeoitcln wree hled tooorrmw.", "original": "In polling for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to lose the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow.", "recovered": "In a poll for The Times, 62% of millennials said they would vote Conservative to stop Brexit. Only 21% said they would vote for Corbyn if an election were held tomorrow."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In the WHO\u2019s fsirt eteiamtss of ifinettilry perlaencve in mroe tahn a daedce, it was fnoud taht aubot 17.5% of the galobl auldt puploaiotn wlil eecripnxee itinlitrfey. Besad on mroe tahn 100 sideuts bteween 1990 and 2021, the rusltes sohw lietmid vratiaoin beweetn roeings and beeewtn hgih, mlddie and low-incmoe cetnirous. \u201cFor mlnoilis aonrud the wolrd, the ptah to prooteanhd can be dfulifcit to aseccs, if not iomsilbspe,\u201d siad Dr Teodrs Anadohm Guhesbreeys, the WHO droitcer gereanl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In the WHO\u2019s first assessment of internet use in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will receive internet therapy. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results showed variation between moderate and high, low, and medium levels of anxiety. \u201cFor millions of people around the world, the path to protection can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Teodros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general.", "scrambled": "In the WHO\u2019s fsirt eteiamtss of ifinettilry perlaencve in mroe tahn a daedce, it was fnoud taht aubot 17.5% of the galobl auldt puploaiotn wlil eecripnxee itinlitrfey. Besad on mroe tahn 100 sideuts bteween 1990 and 2021, the rusltes sohw lietmid vratiaoin beweetn roeings and beeewtn hgih, mlddie and low-incmoe cetnirous. \u201cFor mlnoilis aonrud the wolrd, the ptah to prooteanhd can be dfulifcit to aseccs, if not iomsilbspe,\u201d siad Dr Teodrs Anadohm Guhesbreeys, the WHO droitcer gereanl.", "original": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will experience infertility. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and between high, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to parenthood can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general.", "recovered": "In the WHO\u2019s first assessment of internet use in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will receive internet therapy. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results showed variation between moderate and high, low, and medium levels of anxiety. \u201cFor millions of people around the world, the path to protection can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Teodros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In the wkae of sreeval rnceet msas snhogtois, Wnsgatiohn\u2019s Daioecmtrc Gov. Jay Ilnsee tihs week seingd a sdtawiete ban on msot selas of asalsut-sylte wponeas, ilducning the pulaopr AR-15 rlife.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In the wake of recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most semi-automatic weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "scrambled": "In the wkae of sreeval rnceet msas snhogtois, Wnsgatiohn\u2019s Daioecmtrc Gov. Jay Ilnsee tihs week seingd a sdtawiete ban on msot selas of asalsut-sylte wponeas, ilducning the pulaopr AR-15 rlife.", "original": "In the wake of several recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "recovered": "In the wake of recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most semi-automatic weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ieenrntt urses in Btariin who use sacreh pserhas scuh as \u201csatg ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are bneig ttgareed wtih pop-up vdoies wnrinag of the cqcsenneoeus of ginettg durnk and rodwy in the Dtuch ctapial.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Teen mothers in Birmingham who use social media platforms such as \u201csatg ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital.", "scrambled": "Ieenrntt urses in Btariin who use sacreh pserhas scuh as \u201csatg ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are bneig ttgareed wtih pop-up vdoies wnrinag of the cqcsenneoeus of ginettg durnk and rodwy in the Dtuch ctapial.", "original": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital.", "recovered": "Teen mothers in Birmingham who use social media platforms such as \u201csatg ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Iranled wlil be the fsirt cnuorty in the wrold to mtandae lelbas on ahcoloilc dinrks wnianrg of the rkiss of ccaenr and leivr dsisaee and of dnikinrg in pcnnragey, and ltisnig cairloe cntonet and gmras of alochol. EU meermbs icdnilnug Fcrane, Iltay and Saipn hvae asekd the Eepruoan Cmoiimsosn to igeintatvse wehhetr the mvoe wluod cnetaorvne EU law. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwprnaped pdoscat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Alcoholic drinks will be allowed on flights from Iran for the first time, as the country\u2019s parliament approves a bill to allow their consumption in the air and on ferries. Measures will also be put in place to limit the sale of alcohol to under-18s in shops and at petrol stations. EU member states France, Italy and Spain had asked the European Commission to intervene, worried that the move would undermine EU law. Find more out with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "Iranled wlil be the fsirt cnuorty in the wrold to mtandae lelbas on ahcoloilc dinrks wnianrg of the rkiss of ccaenr and leivr dsisaee and of dnikinrg in pcnnragey, and ltisnig cairloe cntonet and gmras of alochol. EU meermbs icdnilnug Fcrane, Iltay and Saipn hvae asekd the Eepruoan Cmoiimsosn to igeintatvse wehhetr the mvoe wluod cnetaorvne EU law. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwprnaped pdoscat.", "original": "Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate labels on alcoholic drinks warning of the risks of cancer and liver disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and grams of alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Alcoholic drinks will be allowed on flights from Iran for the first time, as the country\u2019s parliament approves a bill to allow their consumption in the air and on ferries. Measures will also be put in place to limit the sale of alcohol to under-18s in shops and at petrol stations. EU member states France, Italy and Spain had asked the European Commission to intervene, worried that the move would undermine EU law. Find more out with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Iellsaba Tere, who rnus the Kepnp eattse in Wset Ssesux, tlod The Teims taht aamnil sipt is the srecet to gwronig flelur rsoe bhsues. \u201cIf you ccloelt smoe anmail slivaa, eevn if it\u2019s pnoy sipt or smitnheog, and aonnit taht llitte bit taht you cut wtih yuor stracuees, the ezmyne in the sipt, the pnalt can raed it and it geos eevn cerazir,\u201d she tlod the ppear.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Cells absorb nutrients through the roots in West Seattle, told The Times that the secret to growing great blueberries is. \u201cIf you close your eyes and imagine a small stream, even if it\u2019s polluted sewage or smog, and aonnit taht llitte bit that you cut with your straws, the oxygen in the stream, the planet can read it and it goes even certain,\u201d she told the audience.", "scrambled": "Iellsaba Tere, who rnus the Kepnp eattse in Wset Ssesux, tlod The Teims taht aamnil sipt is the srecet to gwronig flelur rsoe bhsues. \u201cIf you ccloelt smoe anmail slivaa, eevn if it\u2019s pnoy sipt or smitnheog, and aonnit taht llitte bit taht you cut wtih yuor stracuees, the ezmyne in the sipt, the pnalt can raed it and it geos eevn cerazir,\u201d she tlod the ppear.", "original": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit is the secret to growing fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or something, and anoint that little bit that you cut with your secateurs, the enzyme in the spit, the plant can read it and it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.", "recovered": "Cells absorb nutrients through the roots in West Seattle, told The Times that the secret to growing great blueberries is. \u201cIf you close your eyes and imagine a small stream, even if it\u2019s polluted sewage or smog, and aonnit taht llitte bit that you cut with your straws, the oxygen in the stream, the planet can read it and it goes even certain,\u201d she told the audience."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It aepraps taht Laamr Jokacsn, an MVP wennir in 2019, is oepn to levniag his lmnitoge hmoe wtih the Boimrtlae Rveans. He reeueqstd a tarde form the taem tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his limitedoge home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week.", "scrambled": "It aepraps taht Laamr Jokacsn, an MVP wennir in 2019, is oepn to levniag his lmnitoge hmoe wtih the Boimrtlae Rveans. He reeueqstd a tarde form the taem tihs week.", "original": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his longtime home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week.", "recovered": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his limitedoge home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Iltay\u2019s msiitnry of clurute syas the new \u20ac5 enntcare fee wlil go tdowars maniitnanig the Phaneotn, but trehe are ceornncs oevr the new tcekiting ssytem wichh has prvoed dlfuifict to accses. Tuoistrs hvae srgglteud at oethr seits wrhee a fee has been intuderocd, scuh as the Cseosluom, prtlay buaecse tuor otoperars buy up tktecis in bluk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Itay\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Parthenon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proven difficult to access. Tourists have complained at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, probably because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk.", "scrambled": "Iltay\u2019s msiitnry of clurute syas the new \u20ac5 enntcare fee wlil go tdowars maniitnanig the Phaneotn, but trehe are ceornncs oevr the new tcekiting ssytem wichh has prvoed dlfuifict to accses. Tuoistrs hvae srgglteud at oethr seits wrhee a fee has been intuderocd, scuh as the Cseosluom, prtlay buaecse tuor otoperars buy up tktecis in bluk.", "original": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, partly because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk.", "recovered": "Itay\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Parthenon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proven difficult to access. Tourists have complained at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, probably because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It\u2019s etasemitd taht terhe wree mroe tahn 3.9 mliolin savles in the Untied Sattes as of 1860 \u2014 wilhe olny 500,000 Baclk iuandlidivs lveid as fere psoenrs drinug taht tmie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time.", "scrambled": "It\u2019s etasemitd taht terhe wree mroe tahn 3.9 mliolin savles in the Untied Sattes as of 1860 \u2014 wilhe olny 500,000 Baclk iuandlidivs lveid as fere psoenrs drinug taht tmie.", "original": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time.", "recovered": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jsnioclklave, Fdrolia, had the msot fotrgoten iemts, inniucdlg pnheos, waltles, kyes, jeewlry and honepeahds, aonicrcdg to Uebr\u2019s rreopt. San Annoito, Taxes, and Plam Sinrgps, Crloifnaia, took the socend and trihd stpos, rvpiselteecy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.\n", "scrambled": "Jsnioclklave, Fdrolia, had the msot fotrgoten iemts, inniucdlg pnheos, waltles, kyes, jeewlry and honepeahds, aonicrcdg to Uebr\u2019s rreopt. San Annoito, Taxes, and Plam Sinrgps, Crloifnaia, took the socend and trihd stpos, rvpiselteecy.", "original": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most forgotten items, including phones, wallets, keys, jewelry and headphones, according to Uber\u2019s report. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.", "recovered": "San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jpaan wlil soon bgien rsleinaeg roiciavtdae wtear form the Fmhiuskua naeclur pnlat itno the oaecn as scpae rnus out to cinoatn the cnmttenaoaid meatiral. Jaapn\u2019s gnmoenrevt siad the ttreead wtear wlil be hghliy dleuitd and sfaely reeaesld sllowy oevr decedas. But smoe etxerps and rtsenedis are crnoeencd taht diitlung the waetr mhgit not be eugnoh to rceude its iapcmt on mrinae lfie and lcaol ciitnummoes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Japan will soon begin releasing seawater into the atmosphere in an effort to counteract global warming. Japan\u2019s government officials said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and environmentalists are concerned that discharging the water may not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local ecosystems.", "scrambled": "Jpaan wlil soon bgien rsleinaeg roiciavtdae wtear form the Fmhiuskua naeclur pnlat itno the oaecn as scpae rnus out to cinoatn the cnmttenaoaid meatiral. Jaapn\u2019s gnmoenrevt siad the ttreead wtear wlil be hghliy dleuitd and sfaely reeaesld sllowy oevr decedas. But smoe etxerps and rtsenedis are crnoeencd taht diitlung the waetr mhgit not be eugnoh to rceude its iapcmt on mrinae lfie and lcaol ciitnummoes.", "original": "Japan will soon begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out to contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s government said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water might not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.", "recovered": "Japan will soon begin releasing seawater into the atmosphere in an effort to counteract global warming. Japan\u2019s government officials said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and environmentalists are concerned that discharging the water may not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local ecosystems."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jhon Amads severd as the fsirt vcie pedrsniet of the US uednr Gregoe Wghasinotn and ltear sveerd one trem as the snceod pdiresent of the US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US.", "scrambled": "Jhon Amads severd as the fsirt vcie pedrsniet of the US uednr Gregoe Wghasinotn and ltear sveerd one trem as the snceod pdiresent of the US.", "original": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US.", "recovered": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jon Rham won the 2023 Msetras Truanmoent on Snaudy at Atusgua Naontial Glof Culb, cihlncing his frist geren jekcat and seoncd ceearr mojar.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first major championship and second career PGA Tour trophy.", "scrambled": "Jon Rham won the 2023 Msetras Truanmoent on Snaudy at Atusgua Naontial Glof Culb, cihlncing his frist geren jekcat and seoncd ceearr mojar.", "original": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first green jacket and second career major.", "recovered": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first major championship and second career PGA Tour trophy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jtnaaohn Jaocb Mieejr is fniacg a lswaiut burohgt by the Nrleeahntd\u2019s DrooiKnnd Fondiotaun on blehaf of 25 filiemas who cliam he may hvae irsaneecd the rsik of atnaiccedl isenct and ierndneibg by dynifeg giiuenleds lniiitmg serpm dninaotos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Jacob Miejer is facing a lawsuit brought by the National Democratic Foundation on behalf of 25 children who claim he may have increased the risk of addiction and inducing seizures by using dynamic visual effects in his videos.", "scrambled": "Jtnaaohn Jaocb Mieejr is fniacg a lswaiut burohgt by the Nrleeahntd\u2019s DrooiKnnd Fondiotaun on blehaf of 25 filiemas who cliam he may hvae irsaneecd the rsik of atnaiccedl isenct and ierndneibg by dynifeg giiuenleds lniiitmg serpm dninaotos.", "original": "Jonathan Jacob Meijer is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind Foundation on behalf of 25 families who claim he may have increased the risk of accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "recovered": "Jacob Miejer is facing a lawsuit brought by the National Democratic Foundation on behalf of 25 children who claim he may have increased the risk of addiction and inducing seizures by using dynamic visual effects in his videos."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jcuie is due to snped at lesat tehre yraes eplxniorg Jptueir and terhe of its mnoos. \u201cPreaphs the msot eintxicg ianfoiormtn\u201d taht the misiosn wlil pvrodie rleteas to the \u201cudergnnuord oecnas of liqiud wtaer\u201d on teshe mnoos \u2013 Epuroa, Geymande and Cstalilo \u2013 wichh \u201cculod sorpupt lfie\u201d, siad Mkie Sroi, aanistsst pofrseosr of ptnlaeray scniece at Prduue Uniirstvey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Microscopic organisms called phytoplankton play a key role in the Earth\u2019s carbon cycle by converting carbon dioxide into organic matter, which then sinks to the ocean depths and gets stored away for thousands of years. However, the extent to which they do this is not well understood. A new study, led by Mike Steele of Princeton University, has developed a model that can predict how much carbon the plankton will take up in different regions of the oceans, based on the amount of nutrients and light available to them. The model includes a new parameter that describes how much light is available to the plankton at the surface, as well as in the deeper waters. The researchers tested their model against data from previous studies and found that it accurately predicted the amount of carbon taken up by the plankton in three different regions of the ocean -- the European", "scrambled": "Jcuie is due to snped at lesat tehre yraes eplxniorg Jptueir and terhe of its mnoos. \u201cPreaphs the msot eintxicg ianfoiormtn\u201d taht the misiosn wlil pvrodie rleteas to the \u201cudergnnuord oecnas of liqiud wtaer\u201d on teshe mnoos \u2013 Epuroa, Geymande and Cstalilo \u2013 wichh \u201cculod sorpupt lfie\u201d, siad Mkie Sroi, aanistsst pofrseosr of ptnlaeray scniece at Prduue Uniirstvey.", "original": "Juice is due to spend at least three years exploring Jupiter and three of its moons. \u201cPerhaps the most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide relates to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d on these moons \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201ccould support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor of planetary science at Purdue University.", "recovered": "Microscopic organisms called phytoplankton play a key role in the Earth\u2019s carbon cycle by converting carbon dioxide into organic matter, which then sinks to the ocean depths and gets stored away for thousands of years. However, the extent to which they do this is not well understood. A new study, led by Mike Steele of Princeton University, has developed a model that can predict how much carbon the plankton will take up in different regions of the oceans, based on the amount of nutrients and light available to them. The model includes a new parameter that describes how much light is available to the plankton at the surface, as well as in the deeper waters. The researchers tested their model against data from previous studies and found that it accurately predicted the amount of carbon taken up by the plankton in three different regions of the ocean -- the European"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jeeuenttnh is aslo rrereefd to as Foeredm Day, alnog wtih Emitcpioanan Day and Jeiuble Day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " June 18th is also referred to as Father's Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jealousy Day.", "scrambled": "Jeeuenttnh is aslo rrereefd to as Foeredm Day, alnog wtih Emitcpioanan Day and Jeiuble Day.", "original": "Juneteenth is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jubilee Day.", "recovered": "June 18th is also referred to as Father's Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jealousy Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Knig Grgoee III is wleidy reeerbmemd for two tnighs: loinsg the Aimcraen cnoeolis and ginog mad \u2013 aoughtlh the femorr may be a bit ufinar, as he did not dvloeep the piicleos wihch led to the ciostolns\u2019 war wtih Elgnnad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " King George III is well remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 the former may be a bit unfounded, as he did not develop the policies which led to the conflicts\u2019 war with England.", "scrambled": "Knig Grgoee III is wleidy reeerbmemd for two tnighs: loinsg the Aimcraen cnoeolis and ginog mad \u2013 aoughtlh the femorr may be a bit ufinar, as he did not dvloeep the piicleos wihch led to the ciostolns\u2019 war wtih Elgnnad.", "original": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, as he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England.", "recovered": "King George III is well remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 the former may be a bit unfounded, as he did not develop the policies which led to the conflicts\u2019 war with England."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lab tnestig for a prweody ssuntcbae funod at the Wihte Hsuoe on Sudany cmae bcak piovitse for cocinae, a smoaspken for the Seecrt Siecvre siad. The snsaubcte was funod naer the ectarnne to the Wset Wnig, a lcatoion wrehe stfaf-led trous of the Wihte Hsuoe psas tourghh on teihr way itno the biiulndg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists testing for a precursor substance to the deadly Sudan virus at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cooking, a staff member for the Secret Service said. The sample was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building.", "scrambled": "Lab tnestig for a prweody ssuntcbae funod at the Wihte Hsuoe on Sudany cmae bcak piovitse for cocinae, a smoaspken for the Seecrt Siecvre siad. The snsaubcte was funod naer the ectarnne to the Wset Wnig, a lcatoion wrehe stfaf-led trous of the Wihte Hsuoe psas tourghh on teihr way itno the biiulndg.", "original": "Lab testing for a powdery substance found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a spokesman for the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building.", "recovered": "Scientists testing for a precursor substance to the deadly Sudan virus at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cooking, a staff member for the Secret Service said. The sample was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lboar Day is a day to hoonr and rzcneigoe the Acrmeain lboar mnemeovt, and auogthlh it\u2019s not acutllay the lsat day of smemur, it\u2019s oeftn caleld the \u201cuficinaofl end\u201d as it mkras the end of the cartuull smemur ssaoen \u2014 and the end of tihs qiuz!.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Laborday is a day to honur and recognize the Acrmeain laborday movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cofficial end\u201d as it makes the end of the cartoon summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!", "scrambled": "Lboar Day is a day to hoonr and rzcneigoe the Acrmeain lboar mnemeovt, and auogthlh it\u2019s not acutllay the lsat day of smemur, it\u2019s oeftn caleld the \u201cuficinaofl end\u201d as it mkras the end of the cartuull smemur ssaoen \u2014 and the end of tihs qiuz!.", "original": "Labor Day is a day to honor and recognize the American labor movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!.", "recovered": "Laborday is a day to honur and recognize the Acrmeain laborday movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cofficial end\u201d as it makes the end of the cartoon summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Las Vgaes ploice hvae reeenopd thier iisaotgienvtn itno the meurdr of Tapuc Saukhr. The rpaper was soht in Setepbemr 1996, aegd jsut 25, in waht has bcemoe one of Acmreia\u2019s msot ntoruioos uovnlesd mduerr ceass. Pclioe rediad a huose in Hneoserdn, 15 mleis stueosaht of the ctiy, snieizg crptouems, hrad dveirs and peurcits, adicnrocg to ABC Nwes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tapuc Saukhr. The report was shot in September 1996, and just 25, in what has become one of Australia\u2019s most notorious murder cases. Police read a house in Henderson, 15 miles south of the city, seeing crime scenes, had witnesses and percents, according to ABC News.", "scrambled": "Las Vgaes ploice hvae reeenopd thier iisaotgienvtn itno the meurdr of Tapuc Saukhr. The rpaper was soht in Setepbemr 1996, aegd jsut 25, in waht has bcemoe one of Acmreia\u2019s msot ntoruioos uovnlesd mduerr ceass. Pclioe rediad a huose in Hneoserdn, 15 mleis stueosaht of the ctiy, snieizg crptouems, hrad dveirs and peurcits, adicnrocg to ABC Nwes.", "original": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and pictures, according to ABC News.", "recovered": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tapuc Saukhr. The report was shot in September 1996, and just 25, in what has become one of Australia\u2019s most notorious murder cases. Police read a house in Henderson, 15 miles south of the city, seeing crime scenes, had witnesses and percents, according to ABC News."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ltaset racreseh by Wihch? fnuod taht Adli has raienemd the cpseahet sreruekampt scine May 2022, wtih an arvgeae bekast of gdoos cisontg \u00a368.60 lsat mntoh. Ldil was jsut benihd at \u00a370.51, wilhe Wosatrie was the msot esienvxpe, at \u00a386.91.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Latest research by Which? found that the average supermarket basket cost stood at \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just beaten at \u00a370.51, with Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "scrambled": "Ltaset racreseh by Wihch? fnuod taht Adli has raienemd the cpseahet sreruekampt scine May 2022, wtih an arvgeae bekast of gdoos cisontg \u00a368.60 lsat mntoh. Ldil was jsut benihd at \u00a370.51, wilhe Wosatrie was the msot esienvxpe, at \u00a386.91.", "original": "Latest research by Which? found that Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since May 2022, with an average basket of goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "recovered": "Latest research by Which? found that the average supermarket basket cost stood at \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just beaten at \u00a370.51, with Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lteo deerssd up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, wchih was tmeehd on the ltae fahison dsgenier.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Leotard deerssd up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, wchih was tmeehd on the ltae fahison dsgenier.", "scrambled": "Lteo deerssd up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, wchih was tmeehd on the ltae fahison dsgenier.", "original": "Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat Choupette for the gala in New York on Monday, which was themed on the late fashion designer.", "recovered": "Leotard deerssd up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, wchih was tmeehd on the ltae fahison dsgenier."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Liz Tusrs\u2019s bierf riegn rletedorpy csot traexpays nrelay \u00a334,000 a day in cpooieasntmn pmntyeas to sckead mnisrties, ardviess and oifcialfs. Oififacl dtaa sohws taht spiaecl asdirevs wree piad a ttaol of \u00a32.9 miollin in sencevrae aradws wehn tiher boesss wree geivn the boot. Turss hlesref rceeievd \u00a318,660 in svecerane pay, aeftr her mnii-beudgt srpkead caohs in the faainnicl mketars.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Liz Truss\u2019s beer budget reportedly cost taxpayers an extra \u00a334,000 a day to pay for extra pints to skimmed milk, ice creams and officials. Official data shows special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance payments when bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severence pay, after her multi-budget-spokead coach role in the financial markets.", "scrambled": "Liz Tusrs\u2019s bierf riegn rletedorpy csot traexpays nrelay \u00a334,000 a day in cpooieasntmn pmntyeas to sckead mnisrties, ardviess and oifcialfs. Oififacl dtaa sohws taht spiaecl asdirevs wree piad a ttaol of \u00a32.9 miollin in sencevrae aradws wehn tiher boesss wree geivn the boot. Turss hlesref rceeievd \u00a318,660 in svecerane pay, aeftr her mnii-beudgt srpkead caohs in the faainnicl mketars.", "original": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. Official data shows that special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance awards when their bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severance pay, after her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.", "recovered": "Liz Truss\u2019s beer budget reportedly cost taxpayers an extra \u00a334,000 a day to pay for extra pints to skimmed milk, ice creams and officials. Official data shows special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance payments when bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severence pay, after her multi-budget-spokead coach role in the financial markets."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ldoonn-bsead Rssiaun ivngtsniietoas gourp the Deoissr Ctneer ofeefrd a rrae gmpslie itno the pirtave lfie of Viidmalr Ptiun, obinntaig pohots of his lsavih 22-caarrige \u201cgsoht tairn\u201d, epqeiupd wtih waht aeppar to be \u201catni-ainegg mneahics\u201d. Oehtr fuerteas icdlnue a flluy epqeupid Tiksurh btah satem room and a msasgae puaorlr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " During his 22-carriage gothic train tour of the Russian Empire, Tsar Nicholas I exhibited a rare giant squid in the private life of Vidmal Ptiun, along with photographs of his family. Other features included a fluy epqeupid Tikurh bathtub satem room and a message pump.", "scrambled": "Ldoonn-bsead Rssiaun ivngtsniietoas gourp the Deoissr Ctneer ofeefrd a rrae gmpslie itno the pirtave lfie of Viidmalr Ptiun, obinntaig pohots of his lsavih 22-caarrige \u201cgsoht tairn\u201d, epqeiupd wtih waht aeppar to be \u201catni-ainegg mneahics\u201d. Oehtr fuerteas icdlnue a flluy epqeupid Tiksurh btah satem room and a msasgae puaorlr.", "original": "London-based Russian investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the private life of Vladimir Putin, obtaining photos of his lavish 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-ageing machines\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.", "recovered": "During his 22-carriage gothic train tour of the Russian Empire, Tsar Nicholas I exhibited a rare giant squid in the private life of Vidmal Ptiun, along with photographs of his family. Other features included a fluy epqeupid Tikurh bathtub satem room and a message pump."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lotun Twon\u2019s win manes the taem wlil rurten to the top diioivsn for the frist tmie scnie 1992, a saseon borefe the Peiemrr Lageue was ctraeed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " First time in 1992 season, Team Lotus won the drivers\u2019 championship, which meant the team will return to the top division.", "scrambled": "Lotun Twon\u2019s win manes the taem wlil rurten to the top diioivsn for the frist tmie scnie 1992, a saseon borefe the Peiemrr Lageue was ctraeed.", "original": "Luton Town\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was created.", "recovered": "First time in 1992 season, Team Lotus won the drivers\u2019 championship, which meant the team will return to the top division."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Meakr Hrasbo is rinclneauhg the rtoiboc flffuy toy for the 25th aearvsnniry of its orniigal reaesle, but wtih one inmrapott dgesin cnhgae \u2013 the new moedl has an off stiwch. The oiianrgl Frbuys culod not be suht dwon and wree pnroe to \u201cwkae up\u201d and srtat ctnathig in the ngiht.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Maker Haribo is ringing the changes on the retro toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Frobs could not be shut down and were programmed to \u201cwake up\u201d and start counting in the night.", "scrambled": "Meakr Hrasbo is rinclneauhg the rtoiboc flffuy toy for the 25th aearvsnniry of its orniigal reaesle, but wtih one inmrapott dgesin cnhgae \u2013 the new moedl has an off stiwch. The oiianrgl Frbuys culod not be suht dwon and wree pnroe to \u201cwkae up\u201d and srtat ctnathig in the ngiht.", "original": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the robotic fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Furbys could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting in the night.", "recovered": "Maker Haribo is ringing the changes on the retro toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Frobs could not be shut down and were programmed to \u201cwake up\u201d and start counting in the night."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnay Mulimss wlil fsat form suunp to snodwun ervey day for an eintre mtnoh. Tihs yaer, Raadamn rnus form Mcrah 22 to Airpl 21.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day during this month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21.", "scrambled": "Mnay Mulimss wlil fsat form suunp to snodwun ervey day for an eintre mtnoh. Tihs yaer, Raadamn rnus form Mcrah 22 to Airpl 21.", "original": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21.", "recovered": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day during this month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnay msoairingrmcos can dsgiet pislatc at termaeeturps avboe 30C, but the drvcoesiy by rreaeecrshs at the Sisws Fadreel Ititnstue pvaes the way for a mcuh mroe engrey-effeicnit mhoted of riyleccng.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many microorganisms can survive at temperatures above 30C, but the drivers by researchers at the Sisws Fadrelan Itinstitute pave the way for a much more energy-efficient method of refrigeration.", "scrambled": "Mnay msoairingrmcos can dsgiet pislatc at termaeeturps avboe 30C, but the drvcoesiy by rreaeecrshs at the Sisws Fadreel Ititnstue pvaes the way for a mcuh mroe engrey-effeicnit mhoted of riyleccng.", "original": "Many microorganisms can digest plastic at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.", "recovered": "Many microorganisms can survive at temperatures above 30C, but the drivers by researchers at the Sisws Fadrelan Itinstitute pave the way for a much more energy-efficient method of refrigeration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnay ppeloe aurnod the wlord wroe ppulre on Wseddaeny in honor of Wrlod Luups Day, a gloabl anuanl eenvt taht cllas ateiotntn to the mrsiouteys dassiee itmacnpig mroe tahn 5 moililn pleope in the US anole.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Luups Day, a global annual event that classes connect internet usage more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "scrambled": "Mnay ppeloe aurnod the wlord wroe ppulre on Wseddaeny in honor of Wrlod Luups Day, a gloabl anuanl eenvt taht cllas ateiotntn to the mrsiouteys dassiee itmacnpig mroe tahn 5 moililn pleope in the US anole.", "original": "Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Lupus Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "recovered": "Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Luups Day, a global annual event that classes connect internet usage more than 5 million people in the US alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mcarh Msedans is uopn us.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Marsden is coming up us.", "scrambled": "Mcarh Msedans is uopn us.", "original": "March Madness is upon us.", "recovered": "Marsden is coming up us."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mrak Rttue, the lnsgoet-sinervg Dcuth pmrie mnesitir in hrstioy, wlil santd dwon atefr 13 yares in pweor. Niecamknd \u201cTlfoen Mrak\u201d for his aiiblty to wnastthid piocltail ciress, Rtute untceeedlpxy anuncenod he wluod lvaee ptiicols aeftr the atmuun graneel etlocien. In the 27-ntioan EU, olny Hguanry\u2019s Vkoitr Orabn has been in cgahre for loegnr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mark Rutte, the first incumbent Dutch prime minister in history, will step down after 13 years in power. He is known as \u201cMr. Mark\u201d for his ability to weather political crises, Rutte ensured that he would leave politics after the atomic energy treaty. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orb\u00e1n has been in power longer.", "scrambled": "Mrak Rttue, the lnsgoet-sinervg Dcuth pmrie mnesitir in hrstioy, wlil santd dwon atefr 13 yares in pweor. Niecamknd \u201cTlfoen Mrak\u201d for his aiiblty to wnastthid piocltail ciress, Rtute untceeedlpxy anuncenod he wluod lvaee ptiicols aeftr the atmuun graneel etlocien. In the 27-ntioan EU, olny Hguanry\u2019s Vkoitr Orabn has been in cgahre for loegnr.", "original": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch prime minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. Nicknamed \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for his ability to withstand political crises, Rutte unexpectedly announced he would leave politics after the autumn general election. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orban has been in charge for longer.", "recovered": "Mark Rutte, the first incumbent Dutch prime minister in history, will step down after 13 years in power. He is known as \u201cMr. Mark\u201d for his ability to weather political crises, Rutte ensured that he would leave politics after the atomic energy treaty. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orb\u00e1n has been in power longer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mrak Zrbeceukrg anoncuend taht Itnsaagrm uerss wlil now be albe to sahre up to fvie lkins in tehir pilofre \u201cbio\u201d. Plrovuiesy, olny one lnik to enexrtal wiebtses was allweod. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unpraepwd pdcasot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Microbeads will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unprepared podcast.", "scrambled": "Mrak Zrbeceukrg anoncuend taht Itnsaagrm uerss wlil now be albe to sahre up to fvie lkins in tehir pilofre \u201cbio\u201d. Plrovuiesy, olny one lnik to enexrtal wiebtses was allweod. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unpraepwd pdcasot.", "original": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Microbeads will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unprepared podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ml\u00e8nrae Saphpica, mneisitr for the siaocl emooncy and atisoocsnias, gvae an irtneeviw on geednr elqatuiy and LTGBQ+ rthigs to the Fncreh-lggnaaue eioditn of Pbaoyly mzaganie. She arapeepd on the ceovr wirneag a wtihe drses. But the cevor was dirbecsed by the Fercnh pimre meiinstr, \u00c9atbseilh Bnroe, as \u201cnot at all aritarpppoe, eelcsiplay in the crerunt poerid\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Melissa Eaton, minister for the social economy and solidarity, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBQT+ things to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing dresses. But the cover was censored by the French prime minister, \u00c9douard Philippe, as \"not at all appropriate, especially in the current period\".", "scrambled": "Ml\u00e8nrae Saphpica, mneisitr for the siaocl emooncy and atisoocsnias, gvae an irtneeviw on geednr elqatuiy and LTGBQ+ rthigs to the Fncreh-lggnaaue eioditn of Pbaoyly mzaganie. She arapeepd on the ceovr wirneag a wtihe drses. But the cevor was dirbecsed by the Fercnh pimre meiinstr, \u00c9atbseilh Bnroe, as \u201cnot at all aritarpppoe, eelcsiplay in the crerunt poerid\u201d.", "original": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister for the social economy and associations, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the cover was described by the French prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, especially in the current period\u201d.", "recovered": "Melissa Eaton, minister for the social economy and solidarity, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBQT+ things to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing dresses. But the cover was censored by the French prime minister, \u00c9douard Philippe, as \"not at all appropriate, especially in the current period\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mras has sweppad its wpraipng form pisaltc to rylblecace peapr as prat of a drvie to mkae its putrodcs mroe ennmoaivltrnley fenlirdy. The pepar-wppaerd bras hvae gnoe on slae at 500 Tecso sretos, and if the tiarl geos wlel, the wrrpapes wlil be rlleod out to all rtaierels and to ohetr Mras tretas, scuh as Sckerins.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mars has swept its wrapping form plastic to ribbonace paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars products, such as Snickers.", "scrambled": "Mras has sweppad its wpraipng form pisaltc to rylblecace peapr as prat of a drvie to mkae its putrodcs mroe ennmoaivltrnley fenlirdy. The pepar-wppaerd bras hvae gnoe on slae at 500 Tecso sretos, and if the tiarl geos wlel, the wrrpapes wlil be rlleod out to all rtaierels and to ohetr Mras tretas, scuh as Sckerins.", "original": "Mars has swapped its wrapping from plastic to recyclable paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars treats, such as Snickers.", "recovered": "Mars has swept its wrapping form plastic to ribbonace paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars products, such as Snickers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Max Prak set the new rrecod for the fsasett 3x3x3 Ruibk\u2019s Cbue tmie at a cmtoieoiptn in Lnog Becah in his nivate Cnrfoiliaa. The 21-yaer-old, who was degsoanid wtih mdtroaee to sreeve atsium as a cilhd, baet the 3.47-scneod rcoerd set by Cihna\u2019s Yhnesug Du in 2018.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with autism as a child, bet the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yuesong Du in 2018.", "scrambled": "Max Prak set the new rrecod for the fsasett 3x3x3 Ruibk\u2019s Cbue tmie at a cmtoieoiptn in Lnog Becah in his nivate Cnrfoiliaa. The 21-yaer-old, who was degsoanid wtih mdtroaee to sreeve atsium as a cilhd, baet the 3.47-scneod rcoerd set by Cihna\u2019s Yhnesug Du in 2018.", "original": "Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach in his native California. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.", "recovered": "Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with autism as a child, bet the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yuesong Du in 2018."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: May is Ninaatol BBQ Motnh. Jluy is Nntoaail Berreubly Mntoh, Noatanil Ice Carem Mtonh and Niataonl Wmeaeotrln Mtonh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " May is National BBQ Month, June is National Dairy Month, July is National Ice Cream Month and August is National Water Month.", "scrambled": "May is Ninaatol BBQ Motnh. Jluy is Nntoaail Berreubly Mntoh, Noatanil Ice Carem Mtonh and Niataonl Wmeaeotrln Mtonh.", "original": "May is National BBQ Month. July is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month.", "recovered": "May is National BBQ Month, June is National Dairy Month, July is National Ice Cream Month and August is National Water Month."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: MlcDoand\u2019s, whcih has been fsuicnog on ugnriadpg its croe imtes to bosot sleas, is rlnloig out a seiers of chganes to irovmpe its cilssac brugers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Medium-sized dogs, which has been focusing on understanding its core users, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classical browsers.", "scrambled": "MlcDoand\u2019s, whcih has been fsuicnog on ugnriadpg its croe imtes to bosot sleas, is rlnloig out a seiers of chganes to irovmpe its cilssac brugers.", "original": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classic burgers.", "recovered": "Medium-sized dogs, which has been focusing on understanding its core users, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classical browsers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mtea lheauncd an app cealld Thaders taht is idteennd to ofefr a scpae for rael-tmie cooisreavnnts olnnie \u2014 a ftcionun taht has lnog been Titetwr\u2019s croe sielnlg pinot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " MetaLife was a company that created a program called Second Life which is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s crown jewel.", "scrambled": "Mtea lheauncd an app cealld Thaders taht is idteennd to ofefr a scpae for rael-tmie cooisreavnnts olnnie \u2014 a ftcionun taht has lnog been Titetwr\u2019s croe sielnlg pinot.", "original": "Meta launched an app called Threads that is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.", "recovered": "MetaLife was a company that created a program called Second Life which is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s crown jewel."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mecaihl Jaodrn\u2019s ioicnc 1998 NBA Flains seerknas slod for a rcroed $2.2 moililn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Michael Jordan made $2.2 million in 1998 NBA Finals endorsements.", "scrambled": "Mecaihl Jaodrn\u2019s ioicnc 1998 NBA Flains seerknas slod for a rcroed $2.2 moililn.", "original": "Michael Jordan\u2019s iconic 1998 NBA Finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.", "recovered": "Michael Jordan made $2.2 million in 1998 NBA Finals endorsements."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Maliirty jtes wree \u201caztheiorud to teavrl at sesiunorpc spedes\u201d as tehy reacd to mkae cctanot wtih an uvseniopsnre aarrifct fyling in the rogein taht letar cshread in a hvliaey wdooed aera. The edaoitrnarxry speed of the jtes ceausd a sionc boom aocsrs the Wnsiogthan, DC, aera taht cnfsoued mnay rsidetnes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Lightning strikes were able to reach \u201cat the speed of light\u201d as they reached to make contact with an unused antenna array in the region. The electrical charge of the strikes caused a sonic boom that confounded many residents.", "scrambled": "Maliirty jtes wree \u201caztheiorud to teavrl at sesiunorpc spedes\u201d as tehy reacd to mkae cctanot wtih an uvseniopsnre aarrifct fyling in the rogein taht letar cshread in a hvliaey wdooed aera. The edaoitrnarxry speed of the jtes ceausd a sionc boom aocsrs the Wnsiogthan, DC, aera taht cnfsoued mnay rsidetnes.", "original": "Military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d as they raced to make contact with an unresponsive aircraft flying in the region that later crashed in a heavily wooded area. The extraordinary speed of the jets caused a sonic boom across the Washington, DC, area that confused many residents.", "recovered": "Lightning strikes were able to reach \u201cat the speed of light\u201d as they reached to make contact with an unused antenna array in the region. The electrical charge of the strikes caused a sonic boom that confounded many residents."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mlloniis of polepe rieman at rsik of ilihanng potintalely hamurfl air as wrdfiile sokme oniaingitrg form Cadnaa sordhus moajr US cteiis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Millions of people remain at risk of potentially harmful air pollution from wildfire smoke as western US cities.", "scrambled": "Mlloniis of polepe rieman at rsik of ilihanng potintalely hamurfl air as wrdfiile sokme oniaingitrg form Cadnaa sordhus moajr US cteiis.", "original": "Millions of people remain at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke originating from Canada shrouds major US cities.", "recovered": "Millions of people remain at risk of potentially harmful air pollution from wildfire smoke as western US cities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnonata Gov. Gerg Gntfiraoe sgeind a blil Wnaddesey bninnag TkToik in the satte oevr peiecverd sitrucey conecnrs. The cnaorstevoril law, wichh wlil tkae effcet in Jarnauy, onelutis pionattel feins of $10,000 per day for vrloiaots.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Monataco Governor Gerhard Gntfiraoe has indicated that a bill to limit the power of the state\u2019s public service unions will be introduced in the state parliament. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, will impose financial penalties of $10,000 per day for strikes.", "scrambled": "Mnonata Gov. Gerg Gntfiraoe sgeind a blil Wnaddesey bninnag TkToik in the satte oevr peiecverd sitrucey conecnrs. The cnaorstevoril law, wichh wlil tkae effcet in Jarnauy, onelutis pionattel feins of $10,000 per day for vrloiaots.", "original": "Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived security concerns. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per day for violators.", "recovered": "Monataco Governor Gerhard Gntfiraoe has indicated that a bill to limit the power of the state\u2019s public service unions will be introduced in the state parliament. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, will impose financial penalties of $10,000 per day for strikes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mhnots atfer a hadoily sriecve mlweotdn, Sehsouwtt Aelniirs siad its bnkoigos in Mrcah wree fanlliy bcak on tcark. Renuvee soeard 22% to $5.7 bilolin in the qutaerr, aicroncdg to the cmnpaoy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Moneygram International Inc said on Tuesday its fourth-quarter revenue rose 22 percent to $5.7 billion, compared with the company's forecast of $5.3 billion to $5.5 billion, as the money transfer company benefited from a stronger U.S. dollar.", "scrambled": "Mhnots atfer a hadoily sriecve mlweotdn, Sehsouwtt Aelniirs siad its bnkoigos in Mrcah wree fanlliy bcak on tcark. Renuvee soeard 22% to $5.7 bilolin in the qutaerr, aicroncdg to the cmnpaoy.", "original": "Months after a holiday service meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on track. Revenue soared 22% to $5.7 billion in the quarter, according to the company.", "recovered": "Moneygram International Inc said on Tuesday its fourth-quarter revenue rose 22 percent to $5.7 billion, compared with the company's forecast of $5.3 billion to $5.5 billion, as the money transfer company benefited from a stronger U.S. dollar."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mroe tahn 17,600 mailtriy psrennoel are tainkg prat in dllirs idcnliung lvie-frie eesrceixs and a baot-skinnig rceokt alassut, aimd faers taht Cinha may be pnaiperrg to luncah an oenviffse aaginst Tiawan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in live-fire exercises and a boat-skimming rocket assault, aimed at showing China may be prepared to launch a counterattack against Taiwan.", "scrambled": "Mroe tahn 17,600 mailtriy psrennoel are tainkg prat in dllirs idcnliung lvie-frie eesrceixs and a baot-skinnig rceokt alassut, aimd faers taht Cinha may be pnaiperrg to luncah an oenviffse aaginst Tiawan.", "original": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including live-fire exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive against Taiwan.", "recovered": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in live-fire exercises and a boat-skimming rocket assault, aimed at showing China may be prepared to launch a counterattack against Taiwan."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mroe tahn 200 ppolee hvae been ruseced scnie Sudnay in Vrmoent, wehre folniodg has srembeugd hmeos and tenurd srtetes itno rrives.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " More than 200 police have been rushed to Vermoent on Sunday, where flooding has turned homes into rivers and turned streets into rivers.", "scrambled": "Mroe tahn 200 ppolee hvae been ruseced scnie Sudnay in Vrmoent, wehre folniodg has srembeugd hmeos and tenurd srtetes itno rrives.", "original": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has submerged homes and turned streets into rivers.", "recovered": "More than 200 police have been rushed to Vermoent on Sunday, where flooding has turned homes into rivers and turned streets into rivers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mroe tahn hlaf of the gas sitantos in the Mamii-Frot Ldlrauedae aera wree wouhitt gnsoliae Wdeadsney atefr foonildg form lsat week\u2019s mvisase sortm cuaesd a wvae of painc bynuig by diervrs tionppg off thier tkans.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Ft. Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after a fuel delivery system malfunctioned following last week\u2019s hurricane.", "scrambled": "Mroe tahn hlaf of the gas sitantos in the Mamii-Frot Ldlrauedae aera wree wouhitt gnsoliae Wdeadsney atefr foonildg form lsat week\u2019s mvisase sortm cuaesd a wvae of painc bynuig by diervrs tionppg off thier tkans.", "original": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after flooding from last week\u2019s massive storm caused a wave of panic buying by drivers topping off their tanks.", "recovered": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Ft. Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after a fuel delivery system malfunctioned following last week\u2019s hurricane."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mscoow shgout to rsseruae Mlai\u2019s runlig miirltay jnuta taht Wnaegr frceos wuold cntinoue to fghit Issliamt iesngrtnus in the war-tron Afaricn cuotnry, aimd fares aubot the wdier floault of the maencrrey gourp\u2019s feaild uinsirpg in Rssiua. The rvloet oecurcrd wkees atefr Mlai cealld on UN peraepckeees to lveae \u201cwtuioht dealy\u201d, dienconnug the dcedae-lnog mssioin\u2019s \u201cfiruale\u201d to rpseond to scrtuiey cleangehls.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Morocco decided to send troops to support France in its colonial war in Algeria, fearing the spread of communism in the region. This decision occurred weeks after Mao called on UN members to leave \u201cimmediately\u201d, denouncing the \u201cfinal\u201d mission\u2019s \u201cfutile\u201d response to scientific cleanliness.", "scrambled": "Mscoow shgout to rsseruae Mlai\u2019s runlig miirltay jnuta taht Wnaegr frceos wuold cntinoue to fghit Issliamt iesngrtnus in the war-tron Afaricn cuotnry, aimd fares aubot the wdier floault of the maencrrey gourp\u2019s feaild uinsirpg in Rssiua. The rvloet oecurcrd wkees atefr Mlai cealld on UN peraepckeees to lveae \u201cwtuioht dealy\u201d, dienconnug the dcedae-lnog mssioin\u2019s \u201cfiruale\u201d to rpseond to scrtuiey cleangehls.", "original": "Moscow sought to reassure Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn African country, amid fears about the wider fallout of the mercenary group\u2019s failed uprising in Russia. The revolt occurred weeks after Mali called on UN peacekeepers to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond to security challenges.", "recovered": "Morocco decided to send troops to support France in its colonial war in Algeria, fearing the spread of communism in the region. This decision occurred weeks after Mao called on UN members to leave \u201cimmediately\u201d, denouncing the \u201cfinal\u201d mission\u2019s \u201cfutile\u201d response to scientific cleanliness."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Msot hitnsiaors crdeit Cnhia wtih the inneiovtn of fwrirkoes aurnod 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s taht Iitalan invotnres aeddd tacre anomuts of maelts to the mix and ceretad the cforulol daiypsls taht dazzle us now.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added tar and anomuts of malts to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now.", "scrambled": "Msot hitnsiaors crdeit Cnhia wtih the inneiovtn of fwrirkoes aurnod 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s taht Iitalan invotnres aeddd tacre anomuts of maelts to the mix and ceretad the cforulol daiypsls taht dazzle us now.", "original": "Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now.", "recovered": "Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added tar and anomuts of malts to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Msuk anenocnud tihs week taht his cponamy\u2019s lgoo wluod cnghae form the wlel-kwnon bule brid to a baclk X. The brlniiaiole\u2019s crnvatoroseil rreanbd was wldeiy rcilediud, wtih Feobrs cirisinitcg him for \u201cseinttg smoetnhig on frie he piad $44 bliilon for\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This week, his company\u2019s logo changed from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The brand\u2019s creator was widely criticized, with February firing him for \u201csenttg smoetnhig on frie he piad $44 bliilon for\u201d.", "scrambled": "Msuk anenocnud tihs week taht his cponamy\u2019s lgoo wluod cnghae form the wlel-kwnon bule brid to a baclk X. The brlniiaiole\u2019s crnvatoroseil rreanbd was wldeiy rcilediud, wtih Feobrs cirisinitcg him for \u201cseinttg smoetnhig on frie he piad $44 bliilon for\u201d.", "original": "Musk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo would change from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s controversial rebrand was widely ridiculed, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d.", "recovered": "This week, his company\u2019s logo changed from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The brand\u2019s creator was widely criticized, with February firing him for \u201csenttg smoetnhig on frie he piad $44 bliilon for\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ntefilx has sheard ecvxlsiue new dletais for the scnoed saseon of its rnwaauy hit \u201cSuiqd Gmae,\u201d the Stuoh Kraeon tlleihrr sriees in wichh casonntetts who are dlpeey in dbet paly ceidlrhn\u2019s gaems in odrer to win a ton of csah \u2014 wtih the lorses gtientg kelild.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Stuoh Kraeon, a reality TV show, is giving contestants the chance to win cash by playing childish games with celebrities.", "scrambled": "Ntefilx has sheard ecvxlsiue new dletais for the scnoed saseon of its rnwaauy hit \u201cSuiqd Gmae,\u201d the Stuoh Kraeon tlleihrr sriees in wichh casonntetts who are dlpeey in dbet paly ceidlrhn\u2019s gaems in odrer to win a ton of csah \u2014 wtih the lorses gtientg kelild.", "original": "Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South Korean thriller series in which contestants who are deeply in debt play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.", "recovered": "Stuoh Kraeon, a reality TV show, is giving contestants the chance to win cash by playing childish games with celebrities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: New Yrok msut sotp binudlig srscryakpes or it wlil snik, a new sutdy has wernad. Trhee are toughht to be one mloliin blingduis in New Yrok Ctiy, wghneiig an etaemsitd 771 milloin tnoens, and the sdtuy, heeadd by Tom Ponasrs of the Uitend Satets Gaoecoigll Sevruy, funod taht the ctiy is \u201cplipnopg csoelr\u201d to the wtear at a rtae of 1 to 2mm a yaer, \u201cwtih smoe aeras sniubdisg mcuh fsaetr\u201d, siad the New Yrok Psot. Leowr Mtanthaan is pilucaatlrry at rsik, and three is heieeghtnd creoncn for btoh Boyorlkn and Qeuens.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " New York must stop building seawalls or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million billion tonnes of ice in New York City, and the study, headed by Tom Ponasrs of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplipnopg csoelr\u201d to the wear at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas sinking much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is creating concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "scrambled": "New Yrok msut sotp binudlig srscryakpes or it wlil snik, a new sutdy has wernad. Trhee are toughht to be one mloliin blingduis in New Yrok Ctiy, wghneiig an etaemsitd 771 milloin tnoens, and the sdtuy, heeadd by Tom Ponasrs of the Uitend Satets Gaoecoigll Sevruy, funod taht the ctiy is \u201cplipnopg csoelr\u201d to the wtear at a rtae of 1 to 2mm a yaer, \u201cwtih smoe aeras sniubdisg mcuh fsaetr\u201d, siad the New Yrok Psot. Leowr Mtanthaan is pilucaatlrry at rsik, and three is heieeghtnd creoncn for btoh Boyorlkn and Qeuens.", "original": "New York must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million buildings in New York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas subsiding much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "recovered": "New York must stop building seawalls or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million billion tonnes of ice in New York City, and the study, headed by Tom Ponasrs of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplipnopg csoelr\u201d to the wear at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas sinking much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is creating concern for both Brooklyn and Queens."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nelwy relesead Mipeaolotrtn Plcoie dtaa has rveaeeld taht an arvaege of 248 ponhe tthefs a day wree rotepred in 2022 in the Esilgnh cipaatl. The buohgors wtih the msot tethfs wree Wtntsiesemr (25,899), Cmaedn (7,892), Satwrouhk (5,690) and Hkneacy (4,618).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " New data released by Plaque Locator reveals that an average of 248 potholes a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most potholes were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "scrambled": "Nelwy relesead Mipeaolotrtn Plcoie dtaa has rveaeeld taht an arvaege of 248 ponhe tthefs a day wree rotepred in 2022 in the Esilgnh cipaatl. The buohgors wtih the msot tethfs wree Wtntsiesemr (25,899), Cmaedn (7,892), Satwrouhk (5,690) and Hkneacy (4,618).", "original": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most thefts were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "recovered": "New data released by Plaque Locator reveals that an average of 248 potholes a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most potholes were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nwes bokre tihs week taht the geronnmevt hndaed a \u00a31.6 blioiln ccatnort to Aiuraasltn frim Croroapte Taverl Meaneagnmt to cvoer tehre ohrsoffe aluysm-seeker vlesses. The gemneornvt cmelaid the \u201cfoaletls\u201d wulod be \u201cstifliigcnnay cheeapr\u201d tahn hsnoiug aalrrivs in hoelts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Newsbook this week that the gerontment had handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Auraasltn from Croopte Tavern Meanegment to cover the former soffa-seeker volunteers. The gerontment claimed the \u201cfoaletls\u201d would be \u201cstifliigcnnay cheeapr\u201d than hiring aalrrivs in hoelts.", "scrambled": "Nwes bokre tihs week taht the geronnmevt hndaed a \u00a31.6 blioiln ccatnort to Aiuraasltn frim Croroapte Taverl Meaneagnmt to cvoer tehre ohrsoffe aluysm-seeker vlesses. The gemneornvt cmelaid the \u201cfoaletls\u201d wulod be \u201cstifliigcnnay cheeapr\u201d tahn hsnoiug aalrrivs in hoelts.", "original": "News broke this week that the government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian firm Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-seeker vessels. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing arrivals in hotels.", "recovered": "Newsbook this week that the gerontment had handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Auraasltn from Croopte Tavern Meanegment to cover the former soffa-seeker volunteers. The gerontment claimed the \u201cfoaletls\u201d would be \u201cstifliigcnnay cheeapr\u201d than hiring aalrrivs in hoelts."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ntorh Lnodon Cialgolete Soohcl wlil tiarl deihss scuh as Cenishe-sylte ndoloes wtih tiearyki gperhapossr, sewet cllihi and lmie cctkires, and Mxecian rcie tppeod wtih bfualfo wrmos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some sweet treats and Mexican beer with friends at Cialo London, Chelsea sounds like a great way to spend a Saturday night!", "scrambled": "Ntorh Lnodon Cialgolete Soohcl wlil tiarl deihss scuh as Cenishe-sylte ndoloes wtih tiearyki gperhapossr, sewet cllihi and lmie cctkires, and Mxecian rcie tppeod wtih bfualfo wrmos.", "original": "North London Collegiate School will trial dishes such as Chinese-style noodles with teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime crickets, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.", "recovered": "Some sweet treats and Mexican beer with friends at Cialo London, Chelsea sounds like a great way to spend a Saturday night!"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: OEPC, wchih sppieuls a lgrae ptorion of the wlord\u2019s cdrue oil, aueoncnnd it wlil cut poroctudin by mroe tahn 1.6 miollin blrares a day satrintg in May \u2013 a mvoe taht snet oil peircs srgnuig tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, anticipates production to cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week.", "scrambled": "OEPC, wchih sppieuls a lgrae ptorion of the wlord\u2019s cdrue oil, aueoncnnd it wlil cut poroctudin by mroe tahn 1.6 miollin blrares a day satrintg in May \u2013 a mvoe taht snet oil peircs srgnuig tihs week.", "original": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week.", "recovered": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, anticipates production to cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Of mroe tahn 1,000 sitxh-from piulps svueeyrd by tinhk-tnak Ctiaivs, 26% aslo siad taht cliatme cngahe had mdae tiehr aeintxy or sndeass wrsoe. And hlaf siad taht pepole sulohd hvae feewr cehidrln in oerdr to tlcake catmile cagnhe and ooplevoupaitrn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Of more than 1,000 sitxh-from piulps svueeyrd by think-tank Civis, 26% also said that climate change had made their area more extreme or severe. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to take care of climate change and population growth.", "scrambled": "Of mroe tahn 1,000 sitxh-from piulps svueeyrd by tinhk-tnak Ctiaivs, 26% aslo siad taht cliatme cngahe had mdae tiehr aeintxy or sndeass wrsoe. And hlaf siad taht pepole sulohd hvae feewr cehidrln in oerdr to tlcake catmile cagnhe and ooplevoupaitrn.", "original": "Of more than 1,000 sixth-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% also said that climate change had made their anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to tackle climate change and overpopulation.", "recovered": "Of more than 1,000 sitxh-from piulps svueeyrd by think-tank Civis, 26% also said that climate change had made their area more extreme or severe. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to take care of climate change and population growth."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Oocimrn savairnubt Arrctuus was fsirt decteted in ltae Juranay and is bineg mrtienood by the Wlord Hletah Ointgzaroain as a viraant of crcoenn. Cseas hvae been rtpeeord in at lseat 27 cunitoers, idicnulng the UK.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have detected water vapour in the atmosphere of Jupiter's moon Europa, which could indicate the presence of subsurface oceans that could support life.", "scrambled": "Oocimrn savairnubt Arrctuus was fsirt decteted in ltae Juranay and is bineg mrtienood by the Wlord Hletah Ointgzaroain as a viraant of crcoenn. Cseas hvae been rtpeeord in at lseat 27 cunitoers, idicnulng the UK.", "original": "Omicron subvariant Arcturus was first detected in late January and is being monitored by the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "recovered": "Scientists have detected water vapour in the atmosphere of Jupiter's moon Europa, which could indicate the presence of subsurface oceans that could support life."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Aiprl 3, 1973, the frist clel pnhoe clal was mdae on a sedliawk in New Yrok Ctiy wtih a dcieve the szie of a bicrk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.", "scrambled": "On Aiprl 3, 1973, the frist clel pnhoe clal was mdae on a sedliawk in New Yrok Ctiy wtih a dcieve the szie of a bicrk.", "original": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.", "recovered": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Jnue 17, 2021, Peseirdnt Joe Bdien seingd a blil itno law ringoenczig Jueetntneh Ntnoaail Indendecnepe Day. Bdein siad the meonmt wlil go dwon as \u201cone of the gerasett hnoros\u201d of his pedsiecrny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden declared a national moment of unity in remembrance of the assassination of the late Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Biden said the moment would go down as \u201cone of the greatest hours\u201d of his presidency.", "scrambled": "On Jnue 17, 2021, Peseirdnt Joe Bdien seingd a blil itno law ringoenczig Jueetntneh Ntnoaail Indendecnepe Day. Bdein siad the meonmt wlil go dwon as \u201cone of the gerasett hnoros\u201d of his pedsiecrny.", "original": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth National Independence Day. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency.", "recovered": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden declared a national moment of unity in remembrance of the assassination of the late Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Biden said the moment would go down as \u201cone of the greatest hours\u201d of his presidency."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Mndaoy, Ttwiter uress neotd taht the bule brid lgoo ululsay funod on Twteitr\u2019s hpemagoe and lodiang sercen has now been rlaeepcd wtih an imgae of Dgoe, the Sibha Inu dog uesd as a plupaor inerentt mmee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On Monday, Twitter users noticed that the blue bird logo somehow turned funod on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen. The glitch has now been resolved with an image of Dgoe, the Shiba Inu dog used as a placeholder.", "scrambled": "On Mndaoy, Ttwiter uress neotd taht the bule brid lgoo ululsay funod on Twteitr\u2019s hpemagoe and lodiang sercen has now been rlaeepcd wtih an imgae of Dgoe, the Sibha Inu dog uesd as a plupaor inerentt mmee.", "original": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that the blue bird logo usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Shiba Inu dog used as a popular internet meme.", "recovered": "On Monday, Twitter users noticed that the blue bird logo somehow turned funod on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen. The glitch has now been resolved with an image of Dgoe, the Shiba Inu dog used as a placeholder."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Setembper 14, 1814, Fircans Stcot Key pneend a peom aeftr wsiinntesg the Blatte of Frot MrHncey in Biotlmrae drniug the War of 1812 (wichh atlaculy leastd uintl 1815). His peom was leatr set to muisc, and in 1931, it baemce Aimecra\u2019s naioatnl anethm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the bombing of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America's national anthem.", "scrambled": "On Setembper 14, 1814, Fircans Stcot Key pneend a peom aeftr wsiinntesg the Blatte of Frot MrHncey in Biotlmrae drniug the War of 1812 (wichh atlaculy leastd uintl 1815). His peom was leatr set to muisc, and in 1931, it baemce Aimecra\u2019s naioatnl anethm.", "original": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.", "recovered": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the bombing of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America's national anthem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Wneadsedy, the Esat Aasin cronuty eacnted a new law sparpncig a ceiutrens-old sesytm taht demeed cdlerihn to be one yaer old at brtih, wtih a yaer aeddd eervy 1 Junaray \u2013 mneniag a bbay bron on 31 Decmbeer wloud trun two the nxet day. A saatrepe stysem, uendr wchih biaebs wree zreo at btirh but ternud one on 1 Jarnauy, has aslo been abhsoelid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On Wednesday, the East Asia continent enacted a new law spelling out a century-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with an extra year added every 1 June \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A satellite system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished.", "scrambled": "On Wneadsedy, the Esat Aasin cronuty eacnted a new law sparpncig a ceiutrens-old sesytm taht demeed cdlerihn to be one yaer old at brtih, wtih a yaer aeddd eervy 1 Junaray \u2013 mneniag a bbay bron on 31 Decmbeer wloud trun two the nxet day. A saatrepe stysem, uendr wchih biaebs wree zreo at btirh but ternud one on 1 Jarnauy, has aslo been abhsoelid.", "original": "On Wednesday, the East Asian country enacted a new law scrapping a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A separate system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished.", "recovered": "On Wednesday, the East Asia continent enacted a new law spelling out a century-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with an extra year added every 1 June \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A satellite system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: One in 10 polpee siad tehy dnuk sguaase rolls in tiher cup of tea, acodcirng to a sudty taht has cesaud mcuh uspet for the Dialy Satr. The tlaoibd cllead the pctarice a \u201chuideos hiabt\u201d and fhruter calmeid taht 4% of iinaduilvds, wohm tehy reererfd to as \u201cwnrog \u2019uns\u201d, enggae in the act of dnpipig swhcndeias itno hot beaveergs \u2013 seimothng the toiabld demeed niothng srhot of \u201ceivl\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a study that surveyed 1000 people, one in 10 people said they\u2019ve found maggots in their cup of tea. The table also revealed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cweirdos\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into their hot beer \u2013 something the table deemed \u201cevil\u201d.", "scrambled": "One in 10 polpee siad tehy dnuk sguaase rolls in tiher cup of tea, acodcirng to a sudty taht has cesaud mcuh uspet for the Dialy Satr. The tlaoibd cllead the pctarice a \u201chuideos hiabt\u201d and fhruter calmeid taht 4% of iinaduilvds, wohm tehy reererfd to as \u201cwnrog \u2019uns\u201d, enggae in the act of dnpipig swhcndeias itno hot beaveergs \u2013 seimothng the toiabld demeed niothng srhot of \u201ceivl\u201d.", "original": "One in 10 people said they dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and further claimed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 something the tabloid deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "recovered": "According to a study that surveyed 1000 people, one in 10 people said they\u2019ve found maggots in their cup of tea. The table also revealed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cweirdos\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into their hot beer \u2013 something the table deemed \u201cevil\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: One tirp to scape wlil csot you aubot $450,000. Hweevor, the motajiry of Araemncis aaclutly don\u2019t wnat to lvaee Etarh. Olny aubot 40% wulod tarevl to sapce if gvien the otptiopunry, aoccdrnig to a CNN aliasyns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scraping data will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Argentines actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN survey.", "scrambled": "One tirp to scape wlil csot you aubot $450,000. Hweevor, the motajiry of Araemncis aaclutly don\u2019t wnat to lvaee Etarh. Olny aubot 40% wulod tarevl to sapce if gvien the otptiopunry, aoccdrnig to a CNN aliasyns.", "original": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Americans actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN analysis.", "recovered": "Scraping data will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Argentines actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN survey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Orenky culod lavee the UK and bomcee a torterriy of Nrwaoy udenr new poolrspas to erpoxle \u201caratevlinte fmors of gocnnvraee\u201d taht cloud pdrvoie mroe emnioocc outinpteopirs. The iladnss wree uendr Nawegroin and Daisnh cotronl unitl 1472.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The clouds were used by Newagen and Daisen control unitl 1472.", "scrambled": "Orenky culod lavee the UK and bomcee a torterriy of Nrwaoy udenr new poolrspas to erpoxle \u201caratevlinte fmors of gocnnvraee\u201d taht cloud pdrvoie mroe emnioocc outinpteopirs. The iladnss wree uendr Nawegroin and Daisnh cotronl unitl 1472.", "original": "Orkney could leave the UK and become a territory of Norway under new proposals to explore \u201calternative forms of governance\u201d that could provide more economic opportunities. The islands were under Norwegian and Danish control until 1472.", "recovered": "The clouds were used by Newagen and Daisen control unitl 1472."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Piars is prpainreg for the 2024 Oympilc Gmeas crteened anroud the Revir Senie. The onpneig ceeornmy, wchih is tatnroilldiay hled iindse the hsot ctiy\u2019s Omplyic sudatim, wlil tkae pacle on the reivr, wtih at lesat 600,000 pploee eetcxepd to wtcah form the bnaks, aronidccg to onregzaris.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Paris is preparing to host the 2024 Olympic Games with the River Seine. The online competition, which is taking place today in the host city\u2019s Olympic suburb, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organisers.", "scrambled": "Piars is prpainreg for the 2024 Oympilc Gmeas crteened anroud the Revir Senie. The onpneig ceeornmy, wchih is tatnroilldiay hled iindse the hsot ctiy\u2019s Omplyic sudatim, wlil tkae pacle on the reivr, wtih at lesat 600,000 pploee eetcxepd to wtcah form the bnaks, aronidccg to onregzaris.", "original": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers.", "recovered": "Paris is preparing to host the 2024 Olympic Games with the River Seine. The online competition, which is taking place today in the host city\u2019s Olympic suburb, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organisers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ppolee who are 65 and oeldr or toshe who hvae weeaenkd inumme symsets and \u201cwnat the ooitpn of adedd poetrtcoin\u201d are now aloweld atehonr boeotsr dsoe, the CDC siad tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " People who are 65 and older or who have been vaccinated in the past with measles and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed to get the booster dose, the CDC said this week.", "scrambled": "Ppolee who are 65 and oeldr or toshe who hvae weeaenkd inumme symsets and \u201cwnat the ooitpn of adedd poetrtcoin\u201d are now aloweld atehonr boeotsr dsoe, the CDC siad tihs week.", "original": "People who are 65 and older or those who have weakened immune systems and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another booster dose, the CDC said this week.", "recovered": "People who are 65 and older or who have been vaccinated in the past with measles and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed to get the booster dose, the CDC said this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Penhiox jsut eernudd the htsoett motnh for any US ctiy on rrecod. Tpumreeretas in the reiogn paeekd uendr 110 dereges Feriahnhet for the fsirt tmie in a mtnoh on Mnadoy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Phoenix just earned the hottest month record for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday.", "scrambled": "Penhiox jsut eernudd the htsoett motnh for any US ctiy on rrecod. Tpumreeretas in the reiogn paeekd uendr 110 dereges Feriahnhet for the fsirt tmie in a mtnoh on Mnadoy.", "original": "Phoenix just endured the hottest month for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday.", "recovered": "Phoenix just earned the hottest month record for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Plnas for fmilnig the fftih and fnail seosan of \u201cStngearr Tnighs\u201d has been psuead due to the wtierrs\u2019 sikrte, the sohw\u2019s co-coerrtas aeocnnnud.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Plans for filming the final season of \u201cGame of Thrones\u201d has been pushed due to the weather\u2019s severity, the show\u2019s co-creators acknowledged.", "scrambled": "Plnas for fmilnig the fftih and fnail seosan of \u201cStngearr Tnighs\u201d has been psuead due to the wtierrs\u2019 sikrte, the sohw\u2019s co-coerrtas aeocnnnud.", "original": "Plans for filming the fifth and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creators announced.", "recovered": "Plans for filming the final season of \u201cGame of Thrones\u201d has been pushed due to the weather\u2019s severity, the show\u2019s co-creators acknowledged."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Paly was dtsureipd atfer a petserotr celmibd otno a tlbae and cereovd it wtih onrgae pedwor, wilhe anteohr acsvtiit treid to gule hrsleef to a dfienfret tlabe. The duo wree asrteerd fnliwoolg the iisavonn at Slfieefhd\u2019s Ccirblue.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Police were called after a pet spider was found in a table and covered it with orange powder, another action tried to guide humans to a definite table. The duo were arrested following the incident at Selfridges\u2019 Cellar.", "scrambled": "Paly was dtsureipd atfer a petserotr celmibd otno a tlbae and cereovd it wtih onrgae pedwor, wilhe anteohr acsvtiit treid to gule hrsleef to a dfienfret tlabe. The duo wree asrteerd fnliwoolg the iisavonn at Slfieefhd\u2019s Ccirblue.", "original": "Play was disrupted after a protester climbed onto a table and covered it with orange powder, while another activist tried to glue herself to a different table. The duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "recovered": "Police were called after a pet spider was found in a table and covered it with orange powder, another action tried to guide humans to a definite table. The duo were arrested following the incident at Selfridges\u2019 Cellar."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Poilce areertsd aomlst 1,000 poplee in the UK\u2019s lregsat eevr ckwdcaron on oreigasnd cimre. A ttoal of 20 frmareis, \u00a3636,000 in csah and 20kg of cnociae wree aslo szeeid dnuirg the niiwtnodae rdais in Jnue, the Nnaaotil Ploice Cifehs\u2019 Cucionl anoncuned tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Police arrested 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever cybercrime operation against online criminals. A total of 20 fraudsters, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the newton raid in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "scrambled": "Poilce areertsd aomlst 1,000 poplee in the UK\u2019s lregsat eevr ckwdcaron on oreigasnd cimre. A ttoal of 20 frmareis, \u00a3636,000 in csah and 20kg of cnociae wree aslo szeeid dnuirg the niiwtnodae rdais in Jnue, the Nnaaotil Ploice Cifehs\u2019 Cucionl anoncuned tihs week.", "original": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "recovered": "Police arrested 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever cybercrime operation against online criminals. A total of 20 fraudsters, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the newton raid in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pneenistrg his fsirt Bugedt to Pmalaniret on Weesadndy, Hnut liad out a rngae of meuaress itdenned to enguocare eonciomc grtwoh by bsoniotg emeylpnmot, iucnlidng eidnetnxg fere cdralchie and lnfitig a cap on tax-fere poinesn singvas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Pneumonia is a lung disease that can be caused by many different things, including bacteria, viruses, and fungi. Symptoms can include coughing, shortness of breath, and a fever, and treatment may include antibiotics, inhalers, and a cap on fever points, as well as rest and fluids.", "scrambled": "Pneenistrg his fsirt Bugedt to Pmalaniret on Weesadndy, Hnut liad out a rngae of meuaress itdenned to enguocare eonciomc grtwoh by bsoniotg emeylpnmot, iucnlidng eidnetnxg fere cdralchie and lnfitig a cap on tax-fere poinesn singvas.", "original": "Presenting his first Budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting employment, including extending free childcare and lifting a cap on tax-free pension savings.", "recovered": "Pneumonia is a lung disease that can be caused by many different things, including bacteria, viruses, and fungi. Symptoms can include coughing, shortness of breath, and a fever, and treatment may include antibiotics, inhalers, and a cap on fever points, as well as rest and fluids."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pndrieset Aabrahm Lnlcoin isuesd the Etnciopaiamn Paoioamctlrn on Jraanuy 1, 1863, as the niaotn acphepaord its trhid yaer of bdoloy ciivl war. The pcoaotlimran drceelad \u201ctaht all pnoesrs hled as sveals\u201d wthiin the roeuebllis settas \u201care, and herfenrcaowd salhl be fere.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Emancipation Proclamation issued by Abraham Lincoln on January 1, 1863, as the nation entered its third year of brutal civil war, declared that all persons held as slaves within the rebellious states \"are, and henceforward shall be, free.\"", "scrambled": "Pndrieset Aabrahm Lnlcoin isuesd the Etnciopaiamn Paoioamctlrn on Jraanuy 1, 1863, as the niaotn acphepaord its trhid yaer of bdoloy ciivl war. The pcoaotlimran drceelad \u201ctaht all pnoesrs hled as sveals\u201d wthiin the roeuebllis settas \u201care, and herfenrcaowd salhl be fere.\u201d.", "original": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d.", "recovered": "The Emancipation Proclamation issued by Abraham Lincoln on January 1, 1863, as the nation entered its third year of brutal civil war, declared that all persons held as slaves within the rebellious states \"are, and henceforward shall be, free.\""}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Psdnereit Joe Bdein and fisrt lday Jlil Beidn cppead Stouh Kaeron Pdnesriet Yoon Suk Yoel\u2019s ofacfiil satte vsiit wtih a lvsaih sttae dnneir at the Wihte Huose Wdedsenay nghit to catlerbee the two ntoinas\u2019 70-yaer anlclaie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol held a state dinner at the White House on Wednesday to commemorate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "scrambled": "Psdnereit Joe Bdein and fisrt lday Jlil Beidn cppead Stouh Kaeron Pdnesriet Yoon Suk Yoel\u2019s ofacfiil satte vsiit wtih a lvsaih sttae dnneir at the Wihte Huose Wdedsenay nghit to catlerbee the two ntoinas\u2019 70-yaer anlclaie.", "original": "President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a lavish state dinner at the White House Wednesday night to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "recovered": "South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol held a state dinner at the White House on Wednesday to commemorate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pesrndeit Joe Bdien wlceomed the Spuer Bwol Cahpiomn Ksaans Ctiy Cfihes to the Wihte Husoe Moandy. See pohtos form the siaecpl ocasoicn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Spiderman Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl champions Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion.", "scrambled": "Pesrndeit Joe Bdien wlceomed the Spuer Bwol Cahpiomn Ksaans Ctiy Cfihes to the Wihte Husoe Moandy. See pohtos form the siaecpl ocasoicn.", "original": "President Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion.", "recovered": "Spiderman Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl champions Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pdnrseeit Nyaib Bkluee\u2019s gomveennrt has leockd up a tatol of aolmst 2% of the crnouty's auldt puiapotoln and has bluit a 40,000-capcitay mgea piosrn to aomtmccdaoe secupsetd gnag mberems.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's totalpuipotolin and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate secured gang members.", "scrambled": "Pdnrseeit Nyaib Bkluee\u2019s gomveennrt has leockd up a tatol of aolmst 2% of the crnouty's auldt puiapotoln and has bluit a 40,000-capcitay mgea piosrn to aomtmccdaoe secupsetd gnag mberems.", "original": "President Nayib Bukele\u2019s government has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.", "recovered": "New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's totalpuipotolin and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate secured gang members."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Prncie Hrary and his wfie Mahegn wree ivnloved in a caithoc car chsae wtih pazaazpri in New Yrok on Tedausy taht cluod hvae reuetlsd in a \u201cctsaioprathc\u201d omocute, tiher sseseopkoprn has aegleld.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d accident, their spokesperson has warned.", "scrambled": "Prncie Hrary and his wfie Mahegn wree ivnloved in a caithoc car chsae wtih pazaazpri in New Yrok on Tedausy taht cluod hvae reuetlsd in a \u201cctsaioprathc\u201d omocute, tiher sseseopkoprn has aegleld.", "original": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson has alleged.", "recovered": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d accident, their spokesperson has warned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Puetro Rcain stseaprur Bad Bnuny has nhtecod up aetnohr rorced wtih his frotuh suitdo ablum, \u201cUn Vnerao Sin Ti\u201d, bmienocg Sfptioy\u2019s msot srteaemd abulm of all tmie. In 2022, the tarp and rgeeagt\u00f3n sgneir was the msot stemaerd arsitt for the thrid cseuictonve yaer. He\u2019s racehed \u201ca new seohrtsarpte of srdotam\u201d, siad Riolnlg Sotne.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny has turned up the heat with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the tarp and reggaeton singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new level of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "scrambled": "Puetro Rcain stseaprur Bad Bnuny has nhtecod up aetnohr rorced wtih his frotuh suitdo ablum, \u201cUn Vnerao Sin Ti\u201d, bmienocg Sfptioy\u2019s msot srteaemd abulm of all tmie. In 2022, the tarp and rgeeagt\u00f3n sgneir was the msot stemaerd arsitt for the thrid cseuictonve yaer. He\u2019s racehed \u201ca new seohrtsarpte of srdotam\u201d, siad Riolnlg Sotne.", "original": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up another record with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "recovered": "Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny has turned up the heat with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the tarp and reggaeton singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new level of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rynmaod Mtarin, mignanag dotriecr of the Bsiirth Tlieot Aaoictosisn, tlod The Gudairan taht the coursle of hlaf of the UK\u2019s plubic loos in the psat ddceae was reulitsng in setret uaoniritn, aslo kwnon as wlid ttiioelng, \u201ceyehewvrre now\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Rynmaod Mtarin, director of the Birth Tlieot Aaoictosisn, told The Guardian that the course of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in secret uaoniritn, also known as wlid ttiioelng, \u201ceyehewvrre now\u201d.", "scrambled": "Rynmaod Mtarin, mignanag dotriecr of the Bsiirth Tlieot Aaoictosisn, tlod The Gudairan taht the coursle of hlaf of the UK\u2019s plubic loos in the psat ddceae was reulitsng in setret uaoniritn, aslo kwnon as wlid ttiioelng, \u201ceyehewvrre now\u201d.", "original": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told The Guardian that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in street urination, also known as wild toileting, \u201ceverywhere now\u201d.", "recovered": "Rynmaod Mtarin, director of the Birth Tlieot Aaoictosisn, told The Guardian that the course of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in secret uaoniritn, also known as wlid ttiioelng, \u201ceyehewvrre now\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Reltnecy raleeevd vdeio ftogoae cutepard on the Geerk ialsnd of Leosbs aprepas to sohw 12 Aicrfan mtainrgs, idnicunlg a bbay, benig teowd out to sea and aanboendd on an itlfbalane rfat. Aimd gonriwg cncroen oevr iegalll puhkcsbas of aysulm serekes, the EU hmoe arfiafs cmosseomiinr, Yvla Josohsann, siad her oaffliics had wtreitn to Aethns wtih a fraoml ruesqet \u201ctaht tihs icednnit be fluly and ienednentldpy iiattsnveegd\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Reluctant to leave the animals to face the rising water alone, a group of volunteers worked around the clock to rescue hundreds of animals from the Arkansas City zoo. Using everything from boats, to nets, to ladders, the volunteers managed to save all of the animals, including a baby bear, who was pulled to safety in a firefighter\u2019s jacket. Unfortunately, the rising waters claimed the life of one of the zoo\u2019s two lions, who was found dead in his enclosure the next morning. The heroic efforts of the volunteers and zoo staff were captured on video and shared around the world, with former First Lady Michelle Obama commenting that the video \u201cshould remind us all that when we work together, there is nothing we can\u2019t accomplish\u201d.", "scrambled": "Reltnecy raleeevd vdeio ftogoae cutepard on the Geerk ialsnd of Leosbs aprepas to sohw 12 Aicrfan mtainrgs, idnicunlg a bbay, benig teowd out to sea and aanboendd on an itlfbalane rfat. Aimd gonriwg cncroen oevr iegalll puhkcsbas of aysulm serekes, the EU hmoe arfiafs cmosseomiinr, Yvla Josohsann, siad her oaffliics had wtreitn to Aethns wtih a fraoml ruesqet \u201ctaht tihs icednnit be fluly and ienednentldpy iiattsnveegd\u201d.", "original": "Recently revealed video footage captured on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, being towed out to sea and abandoned on an inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks of asylum seekers, the EU home affairs commissioner, Ylva Johansson, said her officials had written to Athens with a formal request \u201cthat this incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.", "recovered": "Reluctant to leave the animals to face the rising water alone, a group of volunteers worked around the clock to rescue hundreds of animals from the Arkansas City zoo. Using everything from boats, to nets, to ladders, the volunteers managed to save all of the animals, including a baby bear, who was pulled to safety in a firefighter\u2019s jacket. Unfortunately, the rising waters claimed the life of one of the zoo\u2019s two lions, who was found dead in his enclosure the next morning. The heroic efforts of the volunteers and zoo staff were captured on video and shared around the world, with former First Lady Michelle Obama commenting that the video \u201cshould remind us all that when we work together, there is nothing we can\u2019t accomplish\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Realesed on Jnue 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d wnet on to bmoece the frsit flim to gsors mroe tahn $100 mlloiin at the box offcie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "scrambled": "Realesed on Jnue 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d wnet on to bmoece the frsit flim to gsors mroe tahn $100 mlloiin at the box offcie.", "original": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "recovered": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ratenl e-stcoeros are to be oeuawtld in the Fcrenh catiapl atefr a rufrdneeem was hled lsat week. Aorund 89% of vetos csat wree in sppurot of a ban, but wtih no olinne vnitog, tunurot was olny abuot 8%. Netlehresves, the rluest mnaes Pairs wlil bmecoe the frist moajr Eouaerpn catapil to otaulw the srecotos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Referendums on the EU ratification are to be held in the French Catalonia after a red kite was spotted last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the rat poisons.", "scrambled": "Ratenl e-stcoeros are to be oeuawtld in the Fcrenh catiapl atefr a rufrdneeem was hled lsat week. Aorund 89% of vetos csat wree in sppurot of a ban, but wtih no olinne vnitog, tunurot was olny abuot 8%. Netlehresves, the rluest mnaes Pairs wlil bmecoe the frist moajr Eouaerpn catapil to otaulw the srecotos.", "original": "Rental e-scooters are to be outlawed in the French capital after a referendum was held last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the scooters.", "recovered": "Referendums on the EU ratification are to be held in the French Catalonia after a red kite was spotted last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the rat poisons."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rresecah by Baewty fnoud taht the Wset Yhosrrkie ctiy was the lsaet snnuy in the UK, flooweld by. Bpkocloal and Aeerbedn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Beauty found that the best city in the UK was the last sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "scrambled": "Rresecah by Baewty fnoud taht the Wset Yhosrrkie ctiy was the lsaet snnuy in the UK, flooweld by. Bpkocloal and Aeerbedn.", "original": "Research by Betway found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "recovered": "Beauty found that the best city in the UK was the last sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rhaeeerrcss dkenud 17 palopur btiiuscs in cpus of tea and rdreecod how mnay dnkus ecah tpye sruveivd bfeore biekrang arpat. The Jfafa Ckae was dclareed the wneinr \u2013 dteispe citrcis qnieonuitsg whheetr it ralely is a bsiuict \u2013 wtih 116 dukns, cpmaored wtih the Dvtgieise\u2019s six.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Here is a fun way to learn about different types of coffee and how to prepare them. First, you\u2019ll need to gather some cups of tea and some coffee, and then you\u2019ll need to figure out how many doughnuts each type will serve before breaking even. The Jfafa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 this decadent question also asks about whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 doughnuts, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "scrambled": "Rhaeeerrcss dkenud 17 palopur btiiuscs in cpus of tea and rdreecod how mnay dnkus ecah tpye sruveivd bfeore biekrang arpat. The Jfafa Ckae was dclareed the wneinr \u2013 dteispe citrcis qnieonuitsg whheetr it ralely is a bsiuict \u2013 wtih 116 dukns, cpmaored wtih the Dvtgieise\u2019s six.", "original": "Researchers dunked 17 popular biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived before breaking apart. The Jaffa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 despite critics questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "recovered": "Here is a fun way to learn about different types of coffee and how to prepare them. First, you\u2019ll need to gather some cups of tea and some coffee, and then you\u2019ll need to figure out how many doughnuts each type will serve before breaking even. The Jfafa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 this decadent question also asks about whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 doughnuts, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Reetdniss of Phliladhiepa reushd to buy bltetod wtear aeftr the ctiy snet a moblie aerlt rneedinocmmg poeple sotp usnig tap wtaer due to the slipl. Ofliaifcs hvae scine siad the ctiy\u2019s dnniikrg wtaer is sfae to use.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The city of Philadelphia urged residents to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile air-treatment unit following complaints about the smell. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "scrambled": "Reetdniss of Phliladhiepa reushd to buy bltetod wtear aeftr the ctiy snet a moblie aerlt rneedinocmmg poeple sotp usnig tap wtaer due to the slipl. Ofliaifcs hvae scine siad the ctiy\u2019s dnniikrg wtaer is sfae to use.", "original": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile alert recommending people stop using tap water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "recovered": "The city of Philadelphia urged residents to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile air-treatment unit following complaints about the smell. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rentediss of Wretesn cteiis are dpepiartostionlory aefetcfd, ancrdciog to a new ropret form the Aaremcin Lnug Ascsaoioitn. Craiilonfa had 10 of the 25 msot onoze-ptulloed ctieis. New Yrok, Cghacio and Htoafrrd, Cctniconuet, wree the olny terhe on the lsit esat of the Miisippsssi Reivr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Distinctive features of western culture are described as a prevalent aspect, according to a new report from the American Language Association. Chicago had 10 of the 25 most popular T-shirt designs. New York, Chicago and Houston, Texas were the only three cities on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "scrambled": "Rentediss of Wretesn cteiis are dpepiartostionlory aefetcfd, ancrdciog to a new ropret form the Aaremcin Lnug Ascsaoioitn. Craiilonfa had 10 of the 25 msot onoze-ptulloed ctieis. New Yrok, Cghacio and Htoafrrd, Cctniconuet, wree the olny terhe on the lsit esat of the Miisippsssi Reivr.", "original": "Residents of Western cities are disproportionately affected, according to a new report from the American Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "recovered": "Distinctive features of western culture are described as a prevalent aspect, according to a new report from the American Language Association. Chicago had 10 of the 25 most popular T-shirt designs. New York, Chicago and Houston, Texas were the only three cities on the list east of the Mississippi River."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rbiuo wlil hvae leggod a ttoal of at lseat 371 dyas in scpae, NSAA oflcaifis siad. The peuorivs rrecod of 355 dyas was set by Mrak Vdane Hei in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " NASA official says Mark Vande Hei's 355-day space record will likely stand for at least 371 days", "scrambled": "Rbiuo wlil hvae leggod a ttoal of at lseat 371 dyas in scpae, NSAA oflcaifis siad. The peuorivs rrecod of 355 dyas was set by Mrak Vdane Hei in 2022.", "original": "Rubio will have logged a total of at least 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "recovered": "NASA official says Mark Vande Hei's 355-day space record will likely stand for at least 371 days"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smnoald sbnbued waht was dbeubd the \u201cScitstoh cooinrotan\u201d of the new mrancoh and pteiredcd taht Chraels wloud be the \u201clsat Knig of Sotcs\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientist predict that Charles will be the last king of England.", "scrambled": "Smnoald sbnbued waht was dbeubd the \u201cScitstoh cooinrotan\u201d of the new mrancoh and pteiredcd taht Chraels wloud be the \u201clsat Knig of Sotcs\u201d.", "original": "Salmond snubbed what was dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d of the new monarch and predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast King of Scots\u201d.", "recovered": "Scientist predict that Charles will be the last king of England."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Scsienitts at Cnhia\u2019s Shtuoern Mciadel Utsnrieviy tackerd 212,000 Birstih auldts wtih an aeragve age of 54 oevr a 12-yaer proeid and fuond taht tshoe who ctheatd on a mblioe for 30 mitnues a week wree 12% mroe lkliey to be dionegasd wtih hgih blood psusrree, wlhie six hrous a week risaed the rsik to 25%. The raesceerrhs sgsegtued taht esuporxe to the low levles of rciroedqnfeauy egrney ettiemd by penohs may rsaie bolod purssere, and spnneidg horus on cllas was aslo lkneid to wsore selep and hehgir sstres.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists at China\u2019s Stockholm University Medical Center examined 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who exercised on a mobile device for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of physical energy expenditure estimated by the study may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on classes was also linked to worse sleep and higher heart stress.", "scrambled": "Scsienitts at Cnhia\u2019s Shtuoern Mciadel Utsnrieviy tackerd 212,000 Birstih auldts wtih an aeragve age of 54 oevr a 12-yaer proeid and fuond taht tshoe who ctheatd on a mblioe for 30 mitnues a week wree 12% mroe lkliey to be dionegasd wtih hgih blood psusrree, wlhie six hrous a week risaed the rsik to 25%. The raesceerrhs sgsegtued taht esuporxe to the low levles of rciroedqnfeauy egrney ettiemd by penohs may rsaie bolod purssere, and spnneidg horus on cllas was aslo lkneid to wsore selep and hehgir sstres.", "original": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by phones may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on calls was also linked to worse sleep and higher stress.", "recovered": "Scientists at China\u2019s Stockholm University Medical Center examined 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who exercised on a mobile device for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of physical energy expenditure estimated by the study may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on classes was also linked to worse sleep and higher heart stress."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Saente GOP Ledear Mtcih MCcnenlol tlod rrereopts he\u2019s \u201cfnie\u201d aeftr feniezrg dniurg a nwes ceocfnrene on Wddeaseny. MoCnnlecl has dncieled to elpaixn why he fzroe up, toughh an adie siad he was fenleig lhigt-heeadd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sent by GOP Leadear Mitch McConnell, the email reaffirms he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after fainting during a newscast. CNN has decided to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed.", "scrambled": "Saente GOP Ledear Mtcih MCcnenlol tlod rrereopts he\u2019s \u201cfnie\u201d aeftr feniezrg dniurg a nwes ceocfnrene on Wddeaseny. MoCnnlecl has dncieled to elpaixn why he fzroe up, toughh an adie siad he was fenleig lhigt-heeadd.", "original": "Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell has declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed.", "recovered": "Sent by GOP Leadear Mitch McConnell, the email reaffirms he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after fainting during a newscast. CNN has decided to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Spheopr Rsoe Roiosbnn cpniloeamd to Sibsaurny\u2019s for giinvg its pdrocut a \u201cssiext\u201d nmae, aincrodcg to the Dilay Satr. Rbisoonn is cilanlg on the seerpmukart caihn to rneame its \u201cBig Ddday\u201d rmup seatk, wichh she feles is a \u201cmnogtsysiiic\u201d leabl. \u201cI was sehkocd and jsut a bit dnpiotisaepd taht in tihs day and age, it was piblosse for it to mkae it trohguh weheavtr cnnhael it had to hvae mdae it truoghh to get otno the sevhles,\u201d she adedd. Sausrnbiy\u2019s siad: \u201cWe sivrte to be a tulry iicsunvle rlateeir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sarah Blaskey, a consumer in Illinois, complained to the Better Business Bureau that Reebok was misleading customers by calling its EasyTone shoe a \u201ctoning shoe\u201d when it did not make her muscles tone as she had expected. The BBB contacted Reebok, which then contacted Blaskey to resolve the dispute. Reebok decided to remove the word \u201ctoning\u201d from the name of the product.", "scrambled": "Spheopr Rsoe Roiosbnn cpniloeamd to Sibsaurny\u2019s for giinvg its pdrocut a \u201cssiext\u201d nmae, aincrodcg to the Dilay Satr. Rbisoonn is cilanlg on the seerpmukart caihn to rneame its \u201cBig Ddday\u201d rmup seatk, wichh she feles is a \u201cmnogtsysiiic\u201d leabl. \u201cI was sehkocd and jsut a bit dnpiotisaepd taht in tihs day and age, it was piblosse for it to mkae it trohguh weheavtr cnnhael it had to hvae mdae it truoghh to get otno the sevhles,\u201d she adedd. Sausrnbiy\u2019s siad: \u201cWe sivrte to be a tulry iicsunvle rlateeir.", "original": "Shopper Rose Robinson complained to Sainsbury\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is calling on the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she feels is a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked and just a bit disappointed that in this day and age, it was possible for it to make it through whatever channel it had to have made it through to get onto the shelves,\u201d she added. Sainsbury\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive to be a truly inclusive retailer.", "recovered": "Sarah Blaskey, a consumer in Illinois, complained to the Better Business Bureau that Reebok was misleading customers by calling its EasyTone shoe a \u201ctoning shoe\u201d when it did not make her muscles tone as she had expected. The BBB contacted Reebok, which then contacted Blaskey to resolve the dispute. Reebok decided to remove the word \u201ctoning\u201d from the name of the product."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Selitkts\u2019 neewst folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mud.", "scrambled": "Selitkts\u2019 neewst folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd.", "original": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mustard.", "recovered": "The newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mud."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sraevly rnmiaeed taciclenlhy lgael in Unoin satets utnil 1865, and smoe aaers of Drwaalee and Kutekncy ctnuoiend the ptraccie utinl taht tmie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " States in the United States of America did not issue postage stamps of their own until 1865, and some areas of the District of Columbia and the territories used stamps until that time.", "scrambled": "Sraevly rnmiaeed taciclenlhy lgael in Unoin satets utnil 1865, and smoe aaers of Drwaalee and Kutekncy ctnuoiend the ptraccie utinl taht tmie.", "original": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky continued the practice until that time.", "recovered": "States in the United States of America did not issue postage stamps of their own until 1865, and some areas of the District of Columbia and the territories used stamps until that time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe Docrmetas hvae cleald for the ipcmnaemeht of Semurpe Curot Jtiucse Cacrlene Tmaohs fwlolonig a blosembhl rroept taht daleited lsiavh tpirs piad for by a bliionlirae rael eastte mtnaage, wchih idcneuld tinerlvag on his yhact and pivatre jet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some documents have cleared for the implementation of Super Curot Juitce Carlena Tomatoes following a blossom bloom, which indicated that diluted levels of toxins paid for by a billionaires real estate company, which could potentially affect his yacht and private jet.", "scrambled": "Smoe Docrmetas hvae cleald for the ipcmnaemeht of Semurpe Curot Jtiucse Cacrlene Tmaohs fwlolonig a blosembhl rroept taht daleited lsiavh tpirs piad for by a bliionlirae rael eastte mtnaage, wchih idcneuld tinerlvag on his yhact and pivatre jet.", "original": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas following a bombshell report that detailed lavish trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, which included traveling on his yacht and private jet.", "recovered": "Some documents have cleared for the implementation of Super Curot Juitce Carlena Tomatoes following a blossom bloom, which indicated that diluted levels of toxins paid for by a billionaires real estate company, which could potentially affect his yacht and private jet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe iaoanrnittenl taveerrls linaevg Aulcknad Iineoraatnntl Arporit wlil soon be akesd to setp on the salce to hlep ghaetr dtaa on the wheigt laod and dbuiistoitrn for Air New Zneaald panels, the aniilre siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some airline representatives will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribute it for Air New Zealand panels, the airline said.", "scrambled": "Smoe iaoanrnittenl taveerrls linaevg Aulcknad Iineoraatnntl Arporit wlil soon be akesd to setp on the salce to hlep ghaetr dtaa on the wheigt laod and dbuiistoitrn for Air New Zneaald panels, the aniilre siad.", "original": "Some international travelers leaving Auckland International Airport will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribution for Air New Zealand planes, the airline said.", "recovered": "Some airline representatives will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribute it for Air New Zealand panels, the airline said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe nbgohrodehois in Baorrwd Ctnouy are udenr qtnaunarie aeftr shntiiggs of ivvaisne ganit Acfarin lnad sainls, wihch eat at lseat 500 dieenffrt tpyes of pnatls and can aslo cmohp trghuoh sccuto, plstiac ryeccnlig bnis and eevn snigs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some birds in Barro Colorado Island are undetermined after shootings of different kinds of ganit Afarin land sainls, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also come through thick skin, plastic recycling bins and even signs.", "scrambled": "Smoe nbgohrodehois in Baorrwd Ctnouy are udenr qtnaunarie aeftr shntiiggs of ivvaisne ganit Acfarin lnad sainls, wihch eat at lseat 500 dieenffrt tpyes of pnatls and can aslo cmohp trghuoh sccuto, plstiac ryeccnlig bnis and eevn snigs.", "original": "Some neighborhoods in Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also chomp through stucco, plastic recycling bins and even signs.", "recovered": "Some birds in Barro Colorado Island are undetermined after shootings of different kinds of ganit Afarin land sainls, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also come through thick skin, plastic recycling bins and even signs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sdonus scuh as ciehwng, sffiinng and luod btarienhg are itelnborale for one in fvie Bitrs, the sutdy funod. Rrecseearhs form Knig\u2019s Cllgeoe Loondn and Oforxd Uenristviy qizuezd mroe tahn 770 ploepe to dtnmieere how mnay had a fhigt-or-fhgilt rpssneoe to scuh eyedarvy noseis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sudden sounds such as ringing, firing and loud banging are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such auditory hallucinations.", "scrambled": "Sdonus scuh as ciehwng, sffiinng and luod btarienhg are itelnborale for one in fvie Bitrs, the sutdy funod. Rrecseearhs form Knig\u2019s Cllgeoe Loondn and Oforxd Uenristviy qizuezd mroe tahn 770 ploepe to dtnmieere how mnay had a fhigt-or-fhgilt rpssneoe to scuh eyedarvy noseis.", "original": "Sounds such as chewing, sniffing and loud breathing are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such everyday noises.", "recovered": "Sudden sounds such as ringing, firing and loud banging are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such auditory hallucinations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: SpceaX\u2019s Shrsatip, the msot pofruwel roeckt eevr biult, took off form a lucnah pad in Stouh Teaxs on Tasudhry miornng. Hoeewvr, the recokt eeoxdpld lses tahn tehre mietuns itno its fsirt tset fgliht.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on a sunny morning. However, the rocket exploded less than two minutes into its first flight.", "scrambled": "SpceaX\u2019s Shrsatip, the msot pofruwel roeckt eevr biult, took off form a lucnah pad in Stouh Teaxs on Tasudhry miornng. Hoeewvr, the recokt eeoxdpld lses tahn tehre mietuns itno its fsirt tset fgliht.", "original": "SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the rocket exploded less than three minutes into its first test flight.", "recovered": "SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on a sunny morning. However, the rocket exploded less than two minutes into its first flight."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sapinekg to The Snduay Tmies, the Pincre of Wleas pgleedd to use the Ryoal Ftuoainodn to \u201cend hsmnsleeoses\u201d in the UK, anddig: \u201cI\u2019ve been wniaitg for the rhigt tmie to do tihs.\u201d Prncie Wliilam was 11 wehn his mteohr took him to a hmsloees sheeltr in Lodnon \u2013 \u201ca ftaomvrie mmonet\u201d for the yuong ryaol, siad the peapr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales reportedly planned to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessnesses\u201d in the UK, and said: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 years old when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "scrambled": "Sapinekg to The Snduay Tmies, the Pincre of Wleas pgleedd to use the Ryoal Ftuoainodn to \u201cend hsmnsleeoses\u201d in the UK, anddig: \u201cI\u2019ve been wniaitg for the rhigt tmie to do tihs.\u201d Prncie Wliilam was 11 wehn his mteohr took him to a hmsloees sheeltr in Lodnon \u2013 \u201ca ftaomvrie mmonet\u201d for the yuong ryaol, siad the peapr.", "original": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "recovered": "According to the Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales reportedly planned to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessnesses\u201d in the UK, and said: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 years old when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Saptoilucen has been sniilwrg for yreas auobt a pttnaeoil sueqel to the 1988 flim \u201cBcetileejue.\u201d Now, it\u2019s ocfaifil: The \u201cgshot wtih the msot\u201d wlil mkae a rruten.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sniper Wolf, a game similar to the 1988 film Betileejue, has been a hit for years. Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cgshot wtih the msot\u201d wlil mkae a rruten.", "scrambled": "Saptoilucen has been sniilwrg for yreas auobt a pttnaeoil sueqel to the 1988 flim \u201cBcetileejue.\u201d Now, it\u2019s ocfaifil: The \u201cgshot wtih the msot\u201d wlil mkae a rruten.", "original": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will make a return.", "recovered": "Sniper Wolf, a game similar to the 1988 film Betileejue, has been a hit for years. Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cgshot wtih the msot\u201d wlil mkae a rruten."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sewedn\u2019s Lreeon won the Eisiuroovn Snog Cnotset for the sonced tmie. The sniegr, who won the cepmtotioin in 2012, truhpmied in Loepvirol wtih pop-aehtnm \u201cTttoao\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Leon Susskind, a professor of physics at Stanford University, won the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physics for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, performed in Leipzig with the piece \"Tooata\".", "scrambled": "Sewedn\u2019s Lreeon won the Eisiuroovn Snog Cnotset for the sonced tmie. The sniegr, who won the cepmtotioin in 2012, truhpmied in Loepvirol wtih pop-aehtnm \u201cTttoao\u201d.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in Liverpool with pop-anthem \u201cTattoo\u201d.", "recovered": "Leon Susskind, a professor of physics at Stanford University, won the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physics for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, performed in Leipzig with the piece \"Tooata\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the cword-psleniag sohw hled in Lioveorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on bhalef of Uainkre. She beacme jsut the scoend pofrrmeer to win the cpitmotieon mroe tahn ocne.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the word-search heat led in Livreorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on behalf of Uainkre. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once.", "scrambled": "Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the cword-psleniag sohw hled in Lioveorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on bhalef of Uainkre. She beacme jsut the scoend pofrrmeer to win the cpitmotieon mroe tahn ocne.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the crowd-pleasing show held in Liverpool, United Kingdom, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once.", "recovered": "Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the word-search heat led in Livreorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on behalf of Uainkre. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tolayr Sifwt snutend her crnoect tuor\u2019s tirnkucg sftaf by ginvig ecah tcuekrr a chcek in the anmout of $100,000. \u201cThe taypicl aounmt is $5,000 to $10,000 ecah. So tihs lgare aumnot is ueblbvilnaee,\u201d siad Mechial Srcckbaeehnh, fenoudr and CEO of Smotiohon tkrinucg coamnpy, wihch hldnaes ttooniasrtparn of the satge and sucrturte for Sfiwt\u2019s Ears Tuor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Tolayr Swiftt sent this criminal notice to our company\u2019s trademark attorney regarding their trademark registration of the word \u201cToor\u201d. The amount demanded is $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is extortion,\u201d said Mechial Sreckbachenh, founder and CEO of Smotion crushing company, which holds the patent for Toor\u2019s Ear Protection.", "scrambled": "Tolayr Sifwt snutend her crnoect tuor\u2019s tirnkucg sftaf by ginvig ecah tcuekrr a chcek in the anmout of $100,000. \u201cThe taypicl aounmt is $5,000 to $10,000 ecah. So tihs lgare aumnot is ueblbvilnaee,\u201d siad Mechial Srcckbaeehnh, fenoudr and CEO of Smotiohon tkrinucg coamnpy, wihch hldnaes ttooniasrtparn of the satge and sucrturte for Sfiwt\u2019s Ears Tuor.", "original": "Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff by giving each trucker a check in the amount of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, founder and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles transportation of the stage and structure for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.", "recovered": "Tolayr Swiftt sent this criminal notice to our company\u2019s trademark attorney regarding their trademark registration of the word \u201cToor\u201d. The amount demanded is $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is extortion,\u201d said Mechial Sreckbachenh, founder and CEO of Smotion crushing company, which holds the patent for Toor\u2019s Ear Protection."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tslea tcoyon Msuk and Alppe co-foneudr Sevte Wzoniak are anmog mroe tahn 1,000 seritignoas of an oepn leettr airungg taht wrok on \u201cgnait AI etmexeprnis\u201d suhold be peusad unitl \u201cwe are coinnefdt taht tiher eftcfes wlil be poisitve and teihr rskis wlil be mbanegalae\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Tesla co-founder Elon Musk and Alphabet co-founder Sergey Brin are among more than 1,000 researchers who signed an open letter arguing that AI experiments should be supervised until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "scrambled": "Tslea tcoyon Msuk and Alppe co-foneudr Sevte Wzoniak are anmog mroe tahn 1,000 seritignoas of an oepn leettr airungg taht wrok on \u201cgnait AI etmexeprnis\u201d suhold be peusad unitl \u201cwe are coinnefdt taht tiher eftcfes wlil be poisitve and teihr rskis wlil be mbanegalae\u201d.", "original": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are among more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing that work on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "recovered": "Tesla co-founder Elon Musk and Alphabet co-founder Sergey Brin are among more than 1,000 researchers who signed an open letter arguing that AI experiments should be supervised until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Taexs was the frsit sttae to rnizcegoe Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on Jaunary 1, 1980.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Texas was the first state to legalize gambling on January 1, 1980.", "scrambled": "Taexs was the frsit sttae to rnizcegoe Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on Jaunary 1, 1980.", "original": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on January 1, 1980.", "recovered": "Texas was the first state to legalize gambling on January 1, 1980."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Taht\u2019s up form 49% lsat mntoh ariccdnog to pilolng by Ispos for The Tgaperleh. In the smae plinlog, it was fnuod taht 50% bieleve taht too mcuh mneoy was snpet on the cnooairotn. In Aiprl, 33% ocebjted to the csot. Amoslt two-trihds wree arwae of the arestrs of atni-mharnocy peorsettrs at the ctoonoarin, and of tshoe, olny two in fvie tuohhgt the pciole had atecd alrrptiaoeppy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to a poll by Ipsos for The Tape. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the campaign. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the allegations of anti-Mormon prejudice against the candidate, and of those, only two in five thought the allegations had affected their vote.", "scrambled": "Taht\u2019s up form 49% lsat mntoh ariccdnog to pilolng by Ispos for The Tgaperleh. In the smae plinlog, it was fnuod taht 50% bieleve taht too mcuh mneoy was snpet on the cnooairotn. In Aiprl, 33% ocebjted to the csot. Amoslt two-trihds wree arwae of the arestrs of atni-mharnocy peorsettrs at the ctoonoarin, and of tshoe, olny two in fvie tuohhgt the pciole had atecd alrrptiaoeppy.", "original": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ipsos for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and of those, only two in five thought the police had acted appropriately.", "recovered": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to a poll by Ipsos for The Tape. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the campaign. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the allegations of anti-Mormon prejudice against the candidate, and of those, only two in five thought the allegations had affected their vote."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 13th Adenmmnet, rtiaeifd on Dmceeber 6, 1865, oailcliffy alesbiohd cthteal sevraly in the Uteind Sttaes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Thirteenth Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished slavery in the United States.", "scrambled": "The 13th Adenmmnet, rtiaeifd on Dmceeber 6, 1865, oailcliffy alesbiohd cthteal sevraly in the Uteind Sttaes.", "original": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished chattel slavery in the United States.", "recovered": "The Thirteenth Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished slavery in the United States."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 2024 Damietcorc Noitaanl Ctvoinnoen wlil be hled in Chgciao, whree the prtay wlil ofalcfiily naintmoe cntidaaeds for persdinet and vcie pisnderet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate their presidential and vice presidential candidates.", "scrambled": "The 2024 Damietcorc Noitaanl Ctvoinnoen wlil be hled in Chgciao, whree the prtay wlil ofalcfiily naintmoe cntidaaeds for persdinet and vcie pisnderet.", "original": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "recovered": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate their presidential and vice presidential candidates."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 22-mntoh-old Gmearn Sperehhd is revincieg new tinnarig atefr Withe Hsoue prnnoseel reiasd cnercons auobt seatfy on the persimes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 22-month-old Gemarn Sperehhd is revincieg new tinnarig atefr Withe Hsoue prnnoseel reiasd cnercons auobt seatfy on the persimes.", "scrambled": "The 22-mntoh-old Gmearn Sperehhd is revincieg new tinnarig atefr Withe Hsoue prnnoseel reiasd cnercons auobt seatfy on the persimes.", "original": "The 22-month-old German Shepherd is receiving new training after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on the premises.", "recovered": "The 22-month-old Gemarn Sperehhd is revincieg new tinnarig atefr Withe Hsoue prnnoseel reiasd cnercons auobt seatfy on the persimes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 24-yaer-old stkerir\u2019s culb Prias Sniat-Gmriean rlortepdey gvae the Sudai Pro Lageue sdie pmrissoien to seapk to him atfer renceivig the ofefr, but Fnerch mdeia cielamd Mpapb\u00e9 had rseefud to eentr ntooigaetnis. His ctornact wtih the Frnceh sdie is due to eixpre nxet Jnue.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Professional League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbappe had refused to entertain negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire in June.", "scrambled": "The 24-yaer-old stkerir\u2019s culb Prias Sniat-Gmriean rlortepdey gvae the Sudai Pro Lageue sdie pmrissoien to seapk to him atfer renceivig the ofefr, but Fnerch mdeia cielamd Mpapb\u00e9 had rseefud to eentr ntooigaetnis. His ctornact wtih the Frnceh sdie is due to eixpre nxet Jnue.", "original": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Pro League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire next June.", "recovered": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Professional League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbappe had refused to entertain negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire in June."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 36-yaer-old Jmaaacin setrnipr baet a felid taht iuelncdd semwmir Kaite Lekdcey, tnneis satr Iga \u015aet\u0105iwk and 400m hedruls rcoerd-hodler Sdyeny MalLhgiucn-Lrenove. Loienl Mssei was nmaed stsmraopn of the yaer at the aawdrs in Pairs on Mdaony.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter Michael Johnson bet a feline that improved some of Kate Lekcey, these stars Igatius Serrant and 400m record-holder Sydney MalLhgiucn-Lrenove. Loienl Misssei was named fastest woman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday.", "scrambled": "The 36-yaer-old Jmaaacin setrnipr baet a felid taht iuelncdd semwmir Kaite Lekdcey, tnneis satr Iga \u015aet\u0105iwk and 400m hedruls rcoerd-hodler Sdyeny MalLhgiucn-Lrenove. Loienl Mssei was nmaed stsmraopn of the yaer at the aawdrs in Pairs on Mdaony.", "original": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included swimmer Katie Ledecky, tennis star Iga \u015awi\u0105tek and 400m hurdles record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levrone. Lionel Messi was named sportsman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday.", "recovered": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter Michael Johnson bet a feline that improved some of Kate Lekcey, these stars Igatius Serrant and 400m record-holder Sydney MalLhgiucn-Lrenove. Loienl Misssei was named fastest woman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 92-yaer-old bioiialrlne met Simth, 66, at his at his Bel Air vrinyaed lsat Speeemtbr, lses tahn a yaer atfer his docrive form frotuh wfie Jrery Hlal was flisinead.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from wife Jenna Haze was finalized.", "scrambled": "The 92-yaer-old bioiialrlne met Simth, 66, at his at his Bel Air vrinyaed lsat Speeemtbr, lses tahn a yaer atfer his docrive form frotuh wfie Jrery Hlal was flisinead.", "original": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was finalised.", "recovered": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from wife Jenna Haze was finalized."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Bnak of Ealnngd\u2019s cehif eomnisoct feacd a ferice balskcah atefr tlnileg a pdacost taht UK huoohdless and cenoimpas need to \u201csotp trynig to mnaiaitn teihr rael snipndeg peowr by bidding up peircs wehhetr tuhrgoh heighr wegas or pasinsg enrgey cstos on to coutsemrs\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist made a forceful backlash against a proposed tax on tech giants like UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to manipulate their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to consumers\u201d.", "scrambled": "The Bnak of Ealnngd\u2019s cehif eomnisoct feacd a ferice balskcah atefr tlnileg a pdacost taht UK huoohdless and cenoimpas need to \u201csotp trynig to mnaiaitn teihr rael snipndeg peowr by bidding up peircs wehhetr tuhrgoh heighr wegas or pasinsg enrgey cstos on to coutsemrs\u201d.", "original": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a fierce backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to customers\u201d.", "recovered": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist made a forceful backlash against a proposed tax on tech giants like UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to manipulate their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to consumers\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Bdein aniaittdirsomn aopvperd the covtairoernsl Woillw Pjecrot in Aaksla. It is a mssvaie and deadces-lnog oil dlliirng vrutnee on Aalksa\u2019s Nrtoh Sploe in the Niataonl Pletoreum Resreve, wchih is owend by the ferdeal gvnneemort.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Bdein aniaittdirsomn aopvperd the covtairoernsl Woillw Pjecrot in Aaksla. It is a massive and deadces-lnog oil dlliirng vrutnee on Aalksa\u2019s Nrtoh Sploe in the Niataonl Pletoreum Resreve, wchih is owend by the federal government.", "scrambled": "The Bdein aniaittdirsomn aopvperd the covtairoernsl Woillw Pjecrot in Aaksla. It is a mssvaie and deadces-lnog oil dlliirng vrutnee on Aalksa\u2019s Nrtoh Sploe in the Niataonl Pletoreum Resreve, wchih is owend by the ferdeal gvnneemort.", "original": "The Biden administration approved the controversial Willow Project in Alaska. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserve, which is owned by the federal government.", "recovered": "The Bdein aniaittdirsomn aopvperd the covtairoernsl Woillw Pjecrot in Aaksla. It is a massive and deadces-lnog oil dlliirng vrutnee on Aalksa\u2019s Nrtoh Sploe in the Niataonl Pletoreum Resreve, wchih is owend by the federal government."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Bstirih bkeary chian is set for a cotroroum swwhodon wtih Wesetnsitmr Cucnoil atfer bnieg diened pseiirsmon to slel hot food at its fihlasgp Ldnoon oteult aeftr 11pm. The alopiicpatn was rectejed lsat yaer aeftr piolce waernd taht snlleig ltae-nhigt sugsaae rllos reiksd flluenig \u201ccimre and dsieordr\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The best thing about being a bear is their chins. Bears have chins that can hold a lot of food. They can even hold a whole ham sandwich.", "scrambled": "The Bstirih bkeary chian is set for a cotroroum swwhodon wtih Wesetnsitmr Cucnoil atfer bnieg diened pseiirsmon to slel hot food at its fihlasgp Ldnoon oteult aeftr 11pm. The alopiicpatn was rectejed lsat yaer aeftr piolce waernd taht snlleig ltae-nhigt sugsaae rllos reiksd flluenig \u201ccimre and dsieordr\u201d.", "original": "The British bakery chain is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied permission to sell hot food at its flagship London outlet after 11pm. The application was rejected last year after police warned that selling late-night sausage rolls risked fuelling \u201ccrime and disorder\u201d.", "recovered": "The best thing about being a bear is their chins. Bears have chins that can hold a lot of food. They can even hold a whole ham sandwich."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Coialfrina-baesd ryoal adteentd haregins in a luswiat taht he and ohetr hgih-poifrle fieugrs \u2013 idnlcuing Eotln Jhon, Liz Huerly and Sdiae Fosrt \u2013 hvae buhrogt aanigst Aosecastid Nerewppass Liietmd for aelgled pcirvay bheeracs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The celebrity-based Royal Rumble match begins in a ladder that other high-profile wrestlers \u2014 including Elias Johnson, Liz Hurley and Steve Fort \u2014 have bought against AoSCastid Newerpass Lietmd for alleged peacock beeracs.", "scrambled": "The Coialfrina-baesd ryoal adteentd haregins in a luswiat taht he and ohetr hgih-poifrle fieugrs \u2013 idnlcuing Eotln Jhon, Liz Huerly and Sdiae Fosrt \u2013 hvae buhrogt aanigst Aosecastid Nerewppass Liietmd for aelgled pcirvay bheeracs.", "original": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including Elton John, Liz Hurley and Sadie Frost \u2013 have brought against Associated Newspapers Limited for alleged privacy breaches.", "recovered": "The celebrity-based Royal Rumble match begins in a ladder that other high-profile wrestlers \u2014 including Elias Johnson, Liz Hurley and Steve Fort \u2014 have bought against AoSCastid Newerpass Lietmd for alleged peacock beeracs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The pcrie of assiidmon was 25 cntes for the car and 25 ctens per pseorn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Cedar Creek Drive-In in Cedar Knolls, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person.", "scrambled": "The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The pcrie of assiidmon was 25 cntes for the car and 25 ctens per pseorn.", "original": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person.", "recovered": "The Cedar Creek Drive-In in Cedar Knolls, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Ccrhuh of Enalgnd is sllineg its ietnsevtmns in BP, Selhl and ohter oil and gas gntais bsaucee tehy do not \u201cporcett God\u2019s corteian\u201d. Aboshhircp of Crbtrnuaey Jstuin Wlbey, a freomr oil idtrunsy wokerr, siad the cmiatle csriis \u201ctnehrteas the palnet we lvie on\u201d. For 10 thgnis you need to konw ecah day, sgin up to the Dilay Brefniig nttlesweer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cperceive God\u2019s courtier\u201d. Aboshairengineer of Creative Juice Wlbey, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter.", "scrambled": "The Ccrhuh of Enalgnd is sllineg its ietnsevtmns in BP, Selhl and ohter oil and gas gntais bsaucee tehy do not \u201cporcett God\u2019s corteian\u201d. Aboshhircp of Crbtrnuaey Jstuin Wlbey, a freomr oil idtrunsy wokerr, siad the cmiatle csriis \u201ctnehrteas the palnet we lvie on\u201d. For 10 thgnis you need to konw ecah day, sgin up to the Dilay Brefniig nttlesweer.", "original": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter.", "recovered": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cperceive God\u2019s courtier\u201d. Aboshairengineer of Creative Juice Wlbey, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Caintentnol Cgrosens adtepod the Darcaoiletn of Iedecdnenpne wlhie mineteg in Piadlipehlha at the Piynnanvsela Sttae Huose \u2013 now Ieceenpnndde Hlal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Capitol Complex greets the visitor at the entrance to the State of Delaware \u2013 now known as the First State.", "scrambled": "The Caintentnol Cgrosens adtepod the Darcaoiletn of Iedecdnenpne wlhie mineteg in Piadlipehlha at the Piynnanvsela Sttae Huose \u2013 now Ieceenpnndde Hlal.", "original": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall.", "recovered": "The Capitol Complex greets the visitor at the entrance to the State of Delaware \u2013 now known as the First State."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Dkue and Deushcs of Ssuesx hvae siad taht tehy wree iovnveld in a \u201cnaer ciopthraatsc car cashe\u201d ivinnolvg ppaarzzai ppogerhaohrts in New Yrok. In a setmteant, tehy dbeiecsrd bnieg rnlleetslesy purused by a gnag of pzpaazrai in beaclkd-out viehlecs for two hrous. New Yrok Ctiy poclie cfeiornmd taht wlhie the rayol cpoule\u2019s juneroy was cnghenllaig, trehe wree no rrpeeotd coiionlsls, someunsms, ieiujnrs or asertrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Police in New York City have reported that while the ray of sunlight was passing through the junction, there were no reportable contaminants, such as bacteria, viruses or toxins.", "scrambled": "The Dkue and Deushcs of Ssuesx hvae siad taht tehy wree iovnveld in a \u201cnaer ciopthraatsc car cashe\u201d ivinnolvg ppaarzzai ppogerhaohrts in New Yrok. In a setmteant, tehy dbeiecsrd bnieg rnlleetslesy purused by a gnag of pzpaazrai in beaclkd-out viehlecs for two hrous. New Yrok Ctiy poclie cfeiornmd taht wlhie the rayol cpoule\u2019s juneroy was cnghenllaig, trehe wree no rrpeeotd coiionlsls, someunsms, ieiujnrs or asertrs.", "original": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in New York. In a statement, they described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in blacked-out vehicles for two hours. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were no reported collisions, summonses, injuries or arrests.", "recovered": "Police in New York City have reported that while the ray of sunlight was passing through the junction, there were no reportable contaminants, such as bacteria, viruses or toxins."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Dtcuh satr baet Grywen Pcrie 11-5 to win the Preiemr Lauege Datrs fanil at Loondn\u2019s 02 Aenra on Tahrusdy. Van Geewrn tkaes the ttleis rocerd form six-tmeis wneinr Pihl Taloyr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Dutschke, star of Grey\u2019s Anatomy, took home the Premier League\u2019s fans\u2019 award on Thursday. Voting for the award took place on 11-5. Patrick van Geewrn took the record for most wins within the award, taking home the title six times.", "scrambled": "The Dtcuh satr baet Grywen Pcrie 11-5 to win the Preiemr Lauege Datrs fanil at Loondn\u2019s 02 Aenra on Tahrusdy. Van Geewrn tkaes the ttleis rocerd form six-tmeis wneinr Pihl Taloyr.", "original": "The Dutch star beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win the Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena on Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record from six-times winner Phil Taylor.", "recovered": "Dutschke, star of Grey\u2019s Anatomy, took home the Premier League\u2019s fans\u2019 award on Thursday. Voting for the award took place on 11-5. Patrick van Geewrn took the record for most wins within the award, taking home the title six times."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The FBI wrnead plopee aigsnat uisng pliubc pnhoe cargnhig sttanios in oderr to aviod eposnixg tiher dcveies to mailiuocs sfwaorte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The FBI used plain cars with no markings in order to avoid exposing their devices to mailiuocs sfwaorte.", "scrambled": "The FBI wrnead plopee aigsnat uisng pliubc pnhoe cargnhig sttanios in oderr to aviod eposnixg tiher dcveies to mailiuocs sfwaorte.", "original": "The FBI warned people against using public phone charging stations in order to avoid exposing their devices to malicious software.", "recovered": "The FBI used plain cars with no markings in order to avoid exposing their devices to mailiuocs sfwaorte."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The FDA on Wndesdaey apovrepd Pzfeir\u2019s RSV vnciace for oeldr atdlus, the socend scuh soht aopevrpd for the vuirs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the first such shot approved for the population.", "scrambled": "The FDA on Wndesdaey apovrepd Pzfeir\u2019s RSV vnciace for oeldr atdlus, the socend scuh soht aopevrpd for the vuirs.", "original": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the second such shot approved for the virus.", "recovered": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the first such shot approved for the population."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The FTC is snuig Amoazn, alnleigg taht the e-cmomrece gaint has teckrid mnililos of cmreuonss itno siningg up for its Prmie sbrstipucoin scervie tuogrhh deectvipe uesr iftecnare dnigess. The cimoplnat aslo teaks aim at Azmaon for adlelgley tynrig to keep urses sbceibrsud who wsheid to cneacl tehir mbipremsehs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Federal Trade Commission is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive interface design. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wanted to cancel their memberships.", "scrambled": "The FTC is snuig Amoazn, alnleigg taht the e-cmomrece gaint has teckrid mnililos of cmreuonss itno siningg up for its Prmie sbrstipucoin scervie tuogrhh deectvipe uesr iftecnare dnigess. The cimoplnat aslo teaks aim at Azmaon for adlelgley tynrig to keep urses sbceibrsud who wsheid to cneacl tehir mbipremsehs.", "original": "The FTC is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wished to cancel their memberships.", "recovered": "The Federal Trade Commission is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive interface design. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wanted to cancel their memberships."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Frod Bonrco is bneig reelalcd bsceaue ppleoe may get \u201cdocaseruigd\u201d tniryg to use the sletebats, the Notainal Hhwiagy Tiafrfc Sfetay Andtitaioisrmn siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "scrambled": "The Frod Bonrco is bneig reelalcd bsceaue ppleoe may get \u201cdocaseruigd\u201d tniryg to use the sletebats, the Notainal Hhwiagy Tiafrfc Sfetay Andtitaioisrmn siad.", "original": "The Ford Bronco is being recalled because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the seatbelts, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "recovered": "The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Goigrea Buldglos foaobtll taem deleincd an ivtaiitonn to viist the Wthie Husoe nxet mtonh to ceratelbe tehir sconed cistuncoeve ntinaaol chhiiopsanmp, syaing \u201cthe dtae sgegsuted is not fieablse gvien the sntuedt-atehtle cadnlaer and tmie of yaer.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Great Barrier Reef suffers from an infection to visit the Whitsunday next month to certifiable their sconed cistuncoeve ntinaaol chhiiopsanmp, saying \"the date suggested is not feasible given the stunted-athletic calendar and time of year.\".", "scrambled": "The Goigrea Buldglos foaobtll taem deleincd an ivtaiitonn to viist the Wthie Husoe nxet mtonh to ceratelbe tehir sconed cistuncoeve ntinaaol chhiiopsanmp, syaing \u201cthe dtae sgegsuted is not fieablse gvien the sntuedt-atehtle cadnlaer and tmie of yaer.\u201d.", "original": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to visit the White House next month to celebrate their second consecutive national championship, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not feasible given the student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.", "recovered": "The Great Barrier Reef suffers from an infection to visit the Whitsunday next month to certifiable their sconed cistuncoeve ntinaaol chhiiopsanmp, saying \"the date suggested is not feasible given the stunted-athletic calendar and time of year.\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Garn Taonimta fitevsal celebearts the end of the hvsaret soaesn. The ananul food fghit was cnlaleecd dirnug the pimanedc but reerntud for a 15th saintgg on Snduay.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Garn Taonimta festival celebrated the end of the season soaesn. The annual food fight was cancelled during the planned event but returned for a 15th staging on Snduay.", "scrambled": "The Garn Taonimta fitevsal celebearts the end of the hvsaret soaesn. The ananul food fghit was cnlaleecd dirnug the pimanedc but reerntud for a 15th saintgg on Snduay.", "original": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The annual food fight was cancelled during the pandemic but returned for a 15th staging on Sunday.", "recovered": "The Garn Taonimta festival celebrated the end of the season soaesn. The annual food fight was cancelled during the planned event but returned for a 15th staging on Snduay."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Gaert Atatlinc Ssaugsram Blet eedtxns form Wset Aifcra to the Gluf of Mxcieo and is on csuore to rceah Fdiolra dniurg the roiegn\u2019s bsuseit semumr mnthos. As wlel as wirenkag hvaoc on laocl emycsestos, aeftr cniomg aohsre the rnottig seewaed eimts tioxc fmues taht may be hrfauml to hnaums. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwnaperpd paocsdt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Gaert Atatlinc Ssaugsram Blet conducts experiments from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Fdiolra during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wirekag havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotating seedings may be hurricanes. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "The Gaert Atatlinc Ssaugsram Blet eedtxns form Wset Aifcra to the Gluf of Mxcieo and is on csuore to rceah Fdiolra dniurg the roiegn\u2019s bsuseit semumr mnthos. As wlel as wirenkag hvaoc on laocl emycsestos, aeftr cniomg aohsre the rnottig seewaed eimts tioxc fmues taht may be hrfauml to hnaums. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwnaperpd paocsdt.", "original": "The Great Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Florida during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotting seaweed emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to humans. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The Gaert Atatlinc Ssaugsram Blet conducts experiments from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Fdiolra during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wirekag havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotating seedings may be hurricanes. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Husoe vtoed ogwrevnelmlihy on Wsdeaendy to psas a blil to spunsed the ntaoin\u2019s dbet liimt tuohgrh Jnuaary 1, 2025, as lkewrmaas rcae to pnerevt a catprasthoic dlefuat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The deadline to submit comments to turn the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lower amounts are required to prevent a catastrophic default.", "scrambled": "The Husoe vtoed ogwrevnelmlihy on Wsdeaendy to psas a blil to spunsed the ntaoin\u2019s dbet liimt tuohgrh Jnuaary 1, 2025, as lkewrmaas rcae to pnerevt a catprasthoic dlefuat.", "original": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lawmakers race to prevent a catastrophic default.", "recovered": "The deadline to submit comments to turn the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lower amounts are required to prevent a catastrophic default."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Iatailn Revriia twon is iuonictdrng feins of up to \u20ac275 for lirnoiteg in dteigsenad no-wtiinag zneos, in a bid to peernvt sreett bkloagces cseaud by trsotius tkinag spnas and sifeles.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Italian police are fining motorists up to \u20ac275 for playing music too loudly in a bid to prevent street brawls caused by jealous teenagers taking selfies and videos.", "scrambled": "The Iatailn Revriia twon is iuonictdrng feins of up to \u20ac275 for lirnoiteg in dteigsenad no-wtiinag zneos, in a bid to peernvt sreett bkloagces cseaud by trsotius tkinag spnas and sifeles.", "original": "The Italian Riviera town is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated no-waiting zones, in a bid to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "recovered": "Italian police are fining motorists up to \u20ac275 for playing music too loudly in a bid to prevent street brawls caused by jealous teenagers taking selfies and videos."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Jsicute Dretmnepat is sinug to fcroe Taexs to rmveoe fntoailg brearirs in the Rio Gradne, wihch Gov. Gerg Abotbt has aerugd is ietndned to dteer mtiangrs form csnosirg itno the sttae form Mxieco.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The state of Texas is suing the EPA to prevent the latter from regulating greenhouse gases that are emitted into the Rio Grande, which Governor George Abbot has argued is intended to prevent migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico.", "scrambled": "The Jsicute Dretmnepat is sinug to fcroe Taexs to rmveoe fntoailg brearirs in the Rio Gradne, wihch Gov. Gerg Abotbt has aerugd is ietndned to dteer mtiangrs form csnosirg itno the sttae form Mxieco.", "original": "The Justice Department is suing to force Texas to remove floating barriers in the Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended to deter migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico.", "recovered": "The state of Texas is suing the EPA to prevent the latter from regulating greenhouse gases that are emitted into the Rio Grande, which Governor George Abbot has argued is intended to prevent migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The LSU Teirgs detefead the Iwoa Heawkyes 102-85 to win the proragm\u2019s frsit NACA wmoen\u2019s bklsaatbel naoaitnl conpmhhiaisp. Hoevewr, tseoinn esneud tihs week aeftr frist lday Jlil Beidn seetsgugd taht the Wthie Hsuoe mghit intive btoh LSU and rnnuer-up Iwoa to Wgtsainohn for a jinot ceiabotelrn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NACA women\u2019s basketball championship. However, this week after the first day of the tournament, Jill Bieden sent a tweet suggesting that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to the White House for a joint celebration.", "scrambled": "The LSU Teirgs detefead the Iwoa Heawkyes 102-85 to win the proragm\u2019s frsit NACA wmoen\u2019s bklsaatbel naoaitnl conpmhhiaisp. Hoevewr, tseoinn esneud tihs week aeftr frist lday Jlil Beidn seetsgugd taht the Wthie Hsuoe mghit intive btoh LSU and rnnuer-up Iwoa to Wgtsainohn for a jinot ceiabotelrn.", "original": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, tension ensued this week after first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to Washington for a joint celebration.", "recovered": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NACA women\u2019s basketball championship. However, this week after the first day of the tournament, Jill Bieden sent a tweet suggesting that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to the White House for a joint celebration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Liatvan pmraalenit met at mdiihgnt to deaclre a naatonil hdaoliy aeftr the ctrnuoy\u2019s ice hkecoy taem won a bnorze maedl at the wlord ciihhnsapomps.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Lithuanian PMRaelanit met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the World Championships.", "scrambled": "The Liatvan pmraalenit met at mdiihgnt to deaclre a naatonil hdaoliy aeftr the ctrnuoy\u2019s ice hkecoy taem won a bnorze maedl at the wlord ciihhnsapomps.", "original": "The Latvian parliament met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the world championships.", "recovered": "The Lithuanian PMRaelanit met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the World Championships."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Lnsseeois srueecd a pacle in the lsat 16 of the tomenrnuat, tanikg pcale in Atsiruala and New Zanelad, wtih galos by Cshelea frrawod Jaems, Aislsea Rsuso, Leuarn Hmep, Clohe Klley and Reahcl Dlay.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The island nations of Fiji and New Zealand claimed a pack in the last 16 of the women\u2019s tournament, taking goals by Chelsea forward Fran Kirby, Australia\u2019s Alyssa Healy, Leah Remigio, Chloe Kelly and Rebecca Dempsey.", "scrambled": "The Lnsseeois srueecd a pacle in the lsat 16 of the tomenrnuat, tanikg pcale in Atsiruala and New Zanelad, wtih galos by Cshelea frrawod Jaems, Aislsea Rsuso, Leuarn Hmep, Clohe Klley and Reahcl Dlay.", "original": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking place in Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Alessia Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.", "recovered": "The island nations of Fiji and New Zealand claimed a pack in the last 16 of the women\u2019s tournament, taking goals by Chelsea forward Fran Kirby, Australia\u2019s Alyssa Healy, Leah Remigio, Chloe Kelly and Rebecca Dempsey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Lvpeoriol-bron satr sepocod the Tnoy Awrad for her Baawordy deubt in the one-wmaon paly \u201cPimra Fcaie\u201d. Ceomr aslo won an Oeiilvr Aarwd ealierr tihs yaer for the Wset End vseoirn of the pcdruoiton.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The pop starlet debuted in the one-woman play \u201cPimpa Fudge\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the Best End performance of the production.", "scrambled": "The Lvpeoriol-bron satr sepocod the Tnoy Awrad for her Baawordy deubt in the one-wmaon paly \u201cPimra Fcaie\u201d. Ceomr aslo won an Oeiilvr Aarwd ealierr tihs yaer for the Wset End vseoirn of the pcdruoiton.", "original": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the West End version of the production.", "recovered": "The pop starlet debuted in the one-woman play \u201cPimpa Fudge\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the Best End performance of the production."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The MP for Ntorh Wset Noorflk otneluid his ppsoaorl to The Tpeglreah flnoiwlog a law cnhage taht awolls clnoiucs to issue the kepeer of a vihecle form whcih letitr is tworhn wtih a ciivl paelnty, rehtar tahn hianvg to povre who dsraiecdd the rbuibsh. Meniistrs are \u201ccnurltery cool on the paln\u201d, arcndoicg to the neapspwer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The MP for Nuneaton, Nigel Evans, announced his proposal to the Transport Select Committee for a law change that allows cladding to be issued with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who designed the cladding. Ministers are \u201ccautiously cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper.", "scrambled": "The MP for Ntorh Wset Noorflk otneluid his ppsoaorl to The Tpeglreah flnoiwlog a law cnhage taht awolls clnoiucs to issue the kepeer of a vihecle form whcih letitr is tworhn wtih a ciivl paelnty, rehtar tahn hianvg to povre who dsraiecdd the rbuibsh. Meniistrs are \u201ccnurltery cool on the paln\u201d, arcndoicg to the neapspwer.", "original": "The MP for North West Norfolk outlined his proposal to The Telegraph following a law change that allows councils to issue the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper.", "recovered": "The MP for Nuneaton, Nigel Evans, announced his proposal to the Transport Select Committee for a law change that allows cladding to be issued with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who designed the cladding. Ministers are \u201ccautiously cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The MP for Tatromwh feacs an ehigt-week senssoupin fiollonwg a Sadardnts Cimmtoete roeprt itno suexal aaslust altenlgoais. The rnoodmtimcaeen cloud tiggrer a rclael piietotn in Phiecnr\u2019s ctentsicouny, pvanig the way for a by-ecoetlin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The MP for Tattershall, feasting on an eight-week sensational follow-up of a Standards Committee report into sexual allegations, made sure there was plenty of alternative content for the BBC.", "scrambled": "The MP for Tatromwh feacs an ehigt-week senssoupin fiollonwg a Sadardnts Cimmtoete roeprt itno suexal aaslust altenlgoais. The rnoodmtimcaeen cloud tiggrer a rclael piietotn in Phiecnr\u2019s ctentsicouny, pvanig the way for a by-ecoetlin.", "original": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a Standards Committee report into sexual assault allegations. The recommendation could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election.", "recovered": "The MP for Tattershall, feasting on an eight-week sensational follow-up of a Standards Committee report into sexual allegations, made sure there was plenty of alternative content for the BBC."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Naianotl Prak Arotiuhty tihs week won an appael ansagit a Hgih Crout rlnuig in Jnaruay taht vsitrios did not hvae the rhigt to cmap on Drmtooar wouhtit the loneawdrns\u2019 pmoreisisn. The ntaoianl prak in Doven is the olny plcae in Eagnlnd and Weals werhe wlid caimnpg is lgeal, udner a ddaeces-old lcoal law.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The New Forest ponies this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Driftwood without the landowners\u2019 permission. The naoianl prak in Doven is the only place in East Anglia and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law.", "scrambled": "The Naianotl Prak Arotiuhty tihs week won an appael ansagit a Hgih Crout rlnuig in Jnaruay taht vsitrios did not hvae the rhigt to cmap on Drmtooar wouhtit the loneawdrns\u2019 pmoreisisn. The ntaoianl prak in Doven is the olny plcae in Eagnlnd and Weals werhe wlid caimnpg is lgeal, udner a ddaeces-old lcoal law.", "original": "The National Park Authority this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Dartmoor without the landowners\u2019 permission. The national park in Devon is the only place in England and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law.", "recovered": "The New Forest ponies this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Driftwood without the landowners\u2019 permission. The naoianl prak in Doven is the only place in East Anglia and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Nnatiaol Pibluc Halteh Ltbroaraoy was sezeid tihs week by fgeihtrs in Saudn\u2019s citaapl of Krathuom. A hgih-rnaikng miacedl srouce tlod CNN taht the lab, wichh cnitonas slpemas of deesisas and oethr bcoiaoigll meriatal, had been tkean oevr by the Raipd Sruoppt Froecs, the pirmtrlaaaiy gurop btitnlag the Saenudse Amred Frceos for crontol of the cnoruty.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The National Petroleum Hallateh Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Saudi\u2019s capital of Riyadh. A high-ranking military source told CNN that the lab, which contains smelters of diseases and other biological materials, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the premier paramilitary group under the Saudi Arabian National Guard for control of the country.", "scrambled": "The Nnatiaol Pibluc Halteh Ltbroaraoy was sezeid tihs week by fgeihtrs in Saudn\u2019s citaapl of Krathuom. A hgih-rnaikng miacedl srouce tlod CNN taht the lab, wichh cnitonas slpemas of deesisas and oethr bcoiaoigll meriatal, had been tkean oevr by the Raipd Sruoppt Froecs, the pirmtrlaaaiy gurop btitnlag the Saenudse Amred Frceos for crontol of the cnoruty.", "original": "The National Public Health Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital of Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of diseases and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the paramilitary group battling the Sudanese Armed Forces for control of the country.", "recovered": "The National Petroleum Hallateh Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Saudi\u2019s capital of Riyadh. A high-ranking military source told CNN that the lab, which contains smelters of diseases and other biological materials, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the premier paramilitary group under the Saudi Arabian National Guard for control of the country."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Oecan Satte is the ocfaiifl namnikce of Rodhe Ilasnd. Wlhie the satte is the sllasmet in the uonin, it btaoss smoe 400 mlies of solienhre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Ocean Satte is the official name of Rodhe Island. While the satte is the smallest in the universe, it boasts some 400 miles of solienhre.", "scrambled": "The Oecan Satte is the ocfaiifl namnikce of Rodhe Ilasnd. Wlhie the satte is the sllasmet in the uonin, it btaoss smoe 400 mlies of solienhre.", "original": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts some 400 miles of shoreline.", "recovered": "The Ocean Satte is the official name of Rodhe Island. While the satte is the smallest in the universe, it boasts some 400 miles of solienhre."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Ocasr-wnninig aoctr is bneig seud by a man sneikeg $300,000 in cisoomtnpean for inurjeis alldelgey stsinaeud wehn she casehrd itno him on a Uath ski sople in 2016. Potrlaw ciamls rtereid otiermspott Trrey Snoadsren cieldlod wtih her and is curtnsienoug for \u201ca sliybmoc\u201d $1 in degamas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Oscar-winning actress is being sued by a man claiming she secretly fathered his child after they met on a ski trip in 2016. Paternity tests reportedly revealed that Trevor Engelson is the father.", "scrambled": "The Ocasr-wnninig aoctr is bneig seud by a man sneikeg $300,000 in cisoomtnpean for inurjeis alldelgey stsinaeud wehn she casehrd itno him on a Uath ski sople in 2016. Potrlaw ciamls rtereid otiermspott Trrey Snoadsren cieldlod wtih her and is curtnsienoug for \u201ca sliybmoc\u201d $1 in degamas.", "original": "The Oscar-winning actor is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she crashed into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow claims retired optometrist Terry Sanderson collided with her and is countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "recovered": "The Oscar-winning actress is being sued by a man claiming she secretly fathered his child after they met on a ski trip in 2016. Paternity tests reportedly revealed that Trevor Engelson is the father."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Paceh State lsot 90% of its slptae fuirt corp tihs yaer aeftr anallbrmoy wram wnteir waheetr and a ltae-sosean frzeee, rcrrheseaes say.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Pashee State lost 90% of its spotted furred corps this year after abnormal warm weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "scrambled": "The Paceh State lsot 90% of its slptae fuirt corp tihs yaer aeftr anallbrmoy wram wnteir waheetr and a ltae-sosean frzeee, rcrrheseaes say.", "original": "The Peach State lost 90% of its staple fruit crop this year after abnormally warm winter weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "recovered": "The Pashee State lost 90% of its spotted furred corps this year after abnormal warm weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Piilepinphs bfriely suht its apsarice in a bid to tlacke reenct arpoirt ogeuats. In tihs yaer aonle, two mojar otagues at the arrpoit csaeud wpraiseedd coahs wtih hendudrs of flhigt cnnlioclaetas atecnfifg tnes of tnashuods of pgaeenssrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The pilot spotted a large group of apes in a bid to tackle recurrent aporut ogueats. In this year alone, two major outbreaks at the airport caused widespread concern among health officials.", "scrambled": "The Piilepinphs bfriely suht its apsarice in a bid to tlacke reenct arpoirt ogeuats. In tihs yaer aonle, two mojar otagues at the arrpoit csaeud wpraiseedd coahs wtih hendudrs of flhigt cnnlioclaetas atecnfifg tnes of tnashuods of pgaeenssrs.", "original": "The Philippines briefly shut its airspace in a bid to tackle recent airport outages. In this year alone, two major outages at the airport caused widespread chaos with hundreds of flight cancellations affecting tens of thousands of passengers.", "recovered": "The pilot spotted a large group of apes in a bid to tackle recurrent aporut ogueats. In this year alone, two major outbreaks at the airport caused widespread concern among health officials."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Pcirsnes of Weals jieond the Celhsea Fwloer Sohw\u2019s frsit eevr crlihedn\u2019s piincc, prat of a cpamaign by oigsnrear Raoyl Hrautotcliurl Seicoty (RHS) to bosot scohol gdirnenag. The aanunl sohw aslo freutaed eitbhoinxis piayng tbtriue to Qeuen Eeibzltah II.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Cirsnes of Weals played the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever piano competition, part of a campaign by the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured a piano playing tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.", "scrambled": "The Pcirsnes of Weals jieond the Celhsea Fwloer Sohw\u2019s frsit eevr crlihedn\u2019s piincc, prat of a cpamaign by oigsnrear Raoyl Hrautotcliurl Seicoty (RHS) to bosot scohol gdirnenag. The aanunl sohw aslo freutaed eitbhoinxis piayng tbtriue to Qeuen Eeibzltah II.", "original": "The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by organiser Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.", "recovered": "The Cirsnes of Weals played the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever piano competition, part of a campaign by the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured a piano playing tribute to Queen Elizabeth II."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The RCSPA siad clals to its sakne hotinle wree at an all-tmie hgih, and wanerd of an expeetcd icasnere in eeapcss oevr the smmeur as the rieetpls bomcee mroe acivte in hot waeehtr. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Upapenwrd pcosdat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The RSPCA said calls to its helpline peaked at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in cases over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Upadate podcast.", "scrambled": "The RCSPA siad clals to its sakne hotinle wree at an all-tmie hgih, and wanerd of an expeetcd icasnere in eeapcss oevr the smmeur as the rieetpls bomcee mroe acivte in hot waeehtr. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Upapenwrd pcosdat.", "original": "The RSPCA said calls to its snake hotline were at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in escapes over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The RSPCA said calls to its helpline peaked at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in cases over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Upadate podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Rnilolg Seonts ftnmaron ceeealrbtd his 80th bihdarty, on 26 Jluy, wtih a satr-sdetudd ptray in Ldnoon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Rolling Stones celebrated Brian Jones' 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "scrambled": "The Rnilolg Seonts ftnmaron ceeealrbtd his 80th bihdarty, on 26 Jluy, wtih a satr-sdetudd ptray in Ldnoon.", "original": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "recovered": "The Rolling Stones celebrated Brian Jones' 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Raoyl Flimay has dgiaenestd a qichue mdae wtih sipanch, fvaa bneas and toaarrgn as the enevt\u2019s ofiaicfl dsih. The reipce iulencds eggs, ceram and ceddahr cehsee, airncdocg to the Ryaol wiebste.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Royal Film Awards has decided a quick deal with spot, fava beans and toast as the events of the inaugural dinner. The reception included eggs, ceram and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website.", "scrambled": "The Raoyl Flimay has dgiaenestd a qichue mdae wtih sipanch, fvaa bneas and toaarrgn as the enevt\u2019s ofiaicfl dsih. The reipce iulencds eggs, ceram and ceddahr cehsee, airncdocg to the Ryaol wiebste.", "original": "The Royal Family has designated a quiche made with spinach, fava beans and tarragon as the event\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website.", "recovered": "The Royal Film Awards has decided a quick deal with spot, fava beans and toast as the events of the inaugural dinner. The reception included eggs, ceram and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Rsaisun leedar wlil not aettnd an enioomcc simmut in Jnsabohruneg nxet mntoh, dnkuicg the piibliotssy of aserrt on an Itnnitaoreanl Cniaimrl Curot (ICC) icninedtmt asuccing him of war cmiers. As a mebemr of the ICC, Sutoh Arcifa wloud hvae been oilgbed to asrert Ptiun if he vsiietd the contruy, but Rssiua had \u201cmdae it cealr\u201d taht tihs wulod be \u201ca decolaairtn of war\u201d, siad Sutoh Acrfia\u2019s psirnedet, Criyl Rahsmpaoa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The leader of Rwanda will not attend an international summit meeting in Japan next month, dodging the possibility of being arrested on an International Criminal Court warrant as he fears for his safety. As a member of the ICC, Sudan\u2019s president would have been allowed to attend the summit if he visited the country, but Rwanda had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said Sudan\u2019s president, Omer al-Bashir\u2019s spokesperson, Gariel Rashid.", "scrambled": "The Rsaisun leedar wlil not aettnd an enioomcc simmut in Jnsabohruneg nxet mntoh, dnkuicg the piibliotssy of aserrt on an Itnnitaoreanl Cniaimrl Curot (ICC) icninedtmt asuccing him of war cmiers. As a mebemr of the ICC, Sutoh Arcifa wloud hvae been oilgbed to asrert Ptiun if he vsiietd the contruy, but Rssiua had \u201cmdae it cealr\u201d taht tihs wulod be \u201ca decolaairtn of war\u201d, siad Sutoh Acrfia\u2019s psirnedet, Criyl Rahsmpaoa.", "original": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if he visited the country, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, Cyril Ramaphosa.", "recovered": "The leader of Rwanda will not attend an international summit meeting in Japan next month, dodging the possibility of being arrested on an International Criminal Court warrant as he fears for his safety. As a member of the ICC, Sudan\u2019s president would have been allowed to attend the summit if he visited the country, but Rwanda had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said Sudan\u2019s president, Omer al-Bashir\u2019s spokesperson, Gariel Rashid."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Stctosih Plicoe Feoiedratn, wchih rrpteneses piolce ocifefrs, has rereoptd bneig \u201citunndaed wtih citlnomaps\u201d oevr the pciloy, wchih the fcroe siad was neeacsrsy so taht saftf cloud waer ptitvrcoee FFP3 msaks taht reuirqe uerss to be cealn-sehavn. Fuor orcefifs are rloetderpy tiknag lgael aoctin in raliteon to the rlue, due to cmoe itno efcfet on 29 May.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cunable to read\u201d with face masks, which the frog said was necessary because safe cloud water particles were too small. Police officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to coming into effect on 29 May.", "scrambled": "The Stctosih Plicoe Feoiedratn, wchih rrpteneses piolce ocifefrs, has rereoptd bneig \u201citunndaed wtih citlnomaps\u201d oevr the pciloy, wchih the fcroe siad was neeacsrsy so taht saftf cloud waer ptitvrcoee FFP3 msaks taht reuirqe uerss to be cealn-sehavn. Fuor orcefifs are rloetderpy tiknag lgael aoctin in raliteon to the rlue, due to cmoe itno efcfet on 29 May.", "original": "The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the policy, which the force said was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to come into effect on 29 May.", "recovered": "The Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cunable to read\u201d with face masks, which the frog said was necessary because safe cloud water particles were too small. Police officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to coming into effect on 29 May."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Saebrin tnines cmiahopn deetfaed Ceaspr Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to suparss Refaal Ndaal\u2019s grnad slmas reocrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Czech Tomas Berdych ended Roger Federer\u2019s record Grand Slam bid with a 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 victory in the Wimbledon semifinals on Wednesday.", "scrambled": "The Saebrin tnines cmiahopn deetfaed Ceaspr Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to suparss Refaal Ndaal\u2019s grnad slmas reocrd.", "original": "The Serbian tennis champion defeated Casper Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.", "recovered": "Czech Tomas Berdych ended Roger Federer\u2019s record Grand Slam bid with a 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 victory in the Wimbledon semifinals on Wednesday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Smepure Curot rueld Tasrduhy taht the ltae Adny Worahl irngenfid on a poorgphthaer\u2019s cyohgpirt wehn he creetad a sreeis of slik serecns bsaed on a pgpaotorhh of the ltae sngeir Pinrce.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The secret word that the late Adam Worth ingenuity invented on a poor photographer\u2019s cyanotype when he created a series of slick secret codes based on a pattern of the late singer Prince.", "scrambled": "The Smepure Curot rueld Tasrduhy taht the ltae Adny Worahl irngenfid on a poorgphthaer\u2019s cyohgpirt wehn he creetad a sreeis of slik serecns bsaed on a pgpaotorhh of the ltae sngeir Pinrce.", "original": "The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that the late Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he created a series of silk screens based on a photograph of the late singer Prince.", "recovered": "The secret word that the late Adam Worth ingenuity invented on a poor photographer\u2019s cyanotype when he created a series of slick secret codes based on a pattern of the late singer Prince."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US Csonmuer Puorcdt Saetfy Csismomion releacld 2 mliioln Plooetn beiks due to a sefaty hazrad casued by the adjlbasute saet taht cloud barek drinug use and irunje the rdeir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The CPSC announced a massive recall of 2 million Planet bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adhesive that cloud barek drink bottles attach to the bike.", "scrambled": "The US Csonmuer Puorcdt Saetfy Csismomion releacld 2 mliioln Plooetn beiks due to a sefaty hazrad casued by the adjlbasute saet taht cloud barek drinug use and irunje the rdeir.", "original": "The US Consumer Product Safety Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adjustable seat that could break during use and injure the rider.", "recovered": "The CPSC announced a massive recall of 2 million Planet bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adhesive that cloud barek drink bottles attach to the bike."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US gnvoenremt is tcknirag auonrd 650 UFO cesas. Aubot hlaf of thsoe are benig petziiriord for \u201caloonmuas irnsetntieg vluae,\u201d arccinodg to a Pgnaeton oaiffcil.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The government is taking seriously around 650 UFO cases. According to a Pentagon official.", "scrambled": "The US gnvoenremt is tcknirag auonrd 650 UFO cesas. Aubot hlaf of thsoe are benig petziiriord for \u201caloonmuas irnsetntieg vluae,\u201d arccinodg to a Pgnaeton oaiffcil.", "original": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of those are being prioritized for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "recovered": "The government is taking seriously around 650 UFO cases. According to a Pentagon official."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US gnonermvet is ticakrng mroe tahn 650 patnoteil UFO cesas, aidcnrocg to the Pogntean. Dsetipe cintnoeud spleaotucin, offiaclis raeetertid tihs week taht tehre\u2019s no endevcie of eeeatttrairrxrsl lfie in the sgitghnis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Pentagon is releasing more than 650 pages of UFO documents, acknowledging that the government. Despite claims there is no evidence of extra terrestrial life in the sightings.", "scrambled": "The US gnonermvet is ticakrng mroe tahn 650 patnoteil UFO cesas, aidcnrocg to the Pogntean. Dsetipe cintnoeud spleaotucin, offiaclis raeetertid tihs week taht tehre\u2019s no endevcie of eeeatttrairrxrsl lfie in the sgitghnis.", "original": "The US government is tracking more than 650 potential UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, officials reiterated this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the sightings.", "recovered": "The Pentagon is releasing more than 650 pages of UFO documents, acknowledging that the government. Despite claims there is no evidence of extra terrestrial life in the sightings."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US oepend an essbmay in the Piaficc ilnsad notain of Tgnoa on Tsdeauy, Wihogsantn\u2019s leastt mvoe to bdeoarn its dptioimalc fotripont in a rigoen wehre Cinha has been iricannseg its icnnfluee in reecnt yares.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The United States opened a new embassy in the Pacific island of Tonga on Tuesday, one of Washington\u2019s most remote moves to bolster its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "scrambled": "The US oepend an essbmay in the Piaficc ilnsad notain of Tgnoa on Tsdeauy, Wihogsantn\u2019s leastt mvoe to bdeoarn its dptioimalc fotripont in a rigoen wehre Cinha has been iricannseg its icnnfluee in reecnt yares.", "original": "The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "recovered": "The United States opened a new embassy in the Pacific island of Tonga on Tuesday, one of Washington\u2019s most remote moves to bolster its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US phseucard 828,000 sruaqe miels of lnad wset of the Mispipisssi Revir form Facrne for $15 molilin \u2013 doinbulg the szie of the niaotn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US government spent 828,000 suarez miles of land west of the Mississippi River for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "scrambled": "The US phseucard 828,000 sruaqe miels of lnad wset of the Mispipisssi Revir form Facrne for $15 molilin \u2013 doinbulg the szie of the niaotn.", "original": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "recovered": "The US government spent 828,000 suarez miles of land west of the Mississippi River for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Uteind Nionats Hgih Csonemiisomr for Rfueeegs estiaetms the nuebmr of regeefus wdlwrdoie is ahoapciprng 35 mliioln ppoele \u2014 ahuolgth taht nembur deos not ilnucde the mnloilis of fcrobily deacsplid ppolee who hvae not been gartned rguefee suttas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The UNHCR estimates the number of refugees worldwide at a staggering 35 million people \u2014 though numbers don\u2019t include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status.", "scrambled": "The Uteind Nionats Hgih Csonemiisomr for Rfueeegs estiaetms the nuebmr of regeefus wdlwrdoie is ahoapciprng 35 mliioln ppoele \u2014 ahuolgth taht nembur deos not ilnucde the mnloilis of fcrobily deacsplid ppolee who hvae not been gartned rguefee suttas.", "original": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status.", "recovered": "The UNHCR estimates the number of refugees worldwide at a staggering 35 million people \u2014 though numbers don\u2019t include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Waigohtnsn Psot/ABC plol of mroe tahn 1,000 poelpe fonud taht 43% believed taht 80-yaer-old Bdien and Dnolad Turmp, 76, are btoh too old to svere ahneotr trem. If Bdein is re-eecletd in 2024, he wloud be 82 wehn he tkeas oiffce and 86 wehn his scenod trem edns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and 76-year-old Trump are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he wloud be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "scrambled": "The Waigohtnsn Psot/ABC plol of mroe tahn 1,000 poelpe fonud taht 43% believed taht 80-yaer-old Bdien and Dnolad Turmp, 76, are btoh too old to svere ahneotr trem. If Bdein is re-eecletd in 2024, he wloud be 82 wehn he tkeas oiffce and 86 wehn his scenod trem edns.", "original": "The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "recovered": "The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and 76-year-old Trump are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he wloud be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Wset Afacirn crotnuy\u2019s pialnaemrt has vetod to alobish the daeth ptnaely, ofinrefg an etpceexd rvierepe for 176 cenmdeond proriness. If Psrieendt Nnaa Afuko-Addo anestss to the new law, Gahna wlil bmocee the 124th niotan in the wrlod to otaulw the plaetny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The West African nation\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, overriding the president\u2019s veto. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the practice.", "scrambled": "The Wset Afacirn crotnuy\u2019s pialnaemrt has vetod to alobish the daeth ptnaely, ofinrefg an etpceexd rvierepe for 176 cenmdeond proriness. If Psrieendt Nnaa Afuko-Addo anestss to the new law, Gahna wlil bmocee the 124th niotan in the wrlod to otaulw the plaetny.", "original": "The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 condemned prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty.", "recovered": "The West African nation\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, overriding the president\u2019s veto. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the practice."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Wtihe Hsuoe is tnaikg setps to aiovd a dangimag atuo strkie. Meemrbs of a lrage atuo wrkores uoinn hvae tneatheerd to sikrte oevr the irtundsy\u2019s paelnnd tinriatson to eelctirc vlehice prdoituocn and new enisomsis sadadtnrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workforce have testified over the industry\u2019s pension problems to electric vehicle production and new energy sources solutions.", "scrambled": "The Wtihe Hsuoe is tnaikg setps to aiovd a dangimag atuo strkie. Meemrbs of a lrage atuo wrkores uoinn hvae tneatheerd to sikrte oevr the irtundsy\u2019s paelnnd tinriatson to eelctirc vlehice prdoituocn and new enisomsis sadadtnrs.", "original": "The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over the industry\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.", "recovered": "The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workforce have testified over the industry\u2019s pension problems to electric vehicle production and new energy sources solutions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Weritrs Gilud of Armciea, rnpeieentrsg mroe tahn 11,000 mmerebs, has htneid taht the wrok stppaoge culod lsat for mnay mthons. The lsat WGA sitrke ran for 100 dyas form 2007 to 2008.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike lasted for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "scrambled": "The Weritrs Gilud of Armciea, rnpeieentrsg mroe tahn 11,000 mmerebs, has htneid taht the wrok stppaoge culod lsat for mnay mthons. The lsat WGA sitrke ran for 100 dyas form 2007 to 2008.", "original": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "recovered": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike lasted for 100 days from 2007 to 2008."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Yrksoihre ctiy\u2019s Hdye Prak Pcriute Husoe reeepnod on Fairdy 30 Jnue aeftr a \u00a34.8 miillon rteotaiorsn. The cenima fisrt oenped its doors in 1914, wtih gas lhigts inlteslad to deetr \u201ciritroapanppe buehaovir\u201d by porants.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Hippodrome Casino in the Yorkshir city of Hull reopened on Fairday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million refurbishment. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights instead deterring \u201criotous behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "scrambled": "The Yrksoihre ctiy\u2019s Hdye Prak Pcriute Husoe reeepnod on Fairdy 30 Jnue aeftr a \u00a34.8 miillon rteotaiorsn. The cenima fisrt oenped its doors in 1914, wtih gas lhigts inlteslad to deetr \u201ciritroapanppe buehaovir\u201d by porants.", "original": "The Yorkshire city\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights installed to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "recovered": "The Hippodrome Casino in the Yorkshir city of Hull reopened on Fairday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million refurbishment. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights instead deterring \u201criotous behaviour\u201d by patrons."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The atocr reavleed tihs week taht he and his grilinrfed, maairtl atrs iuntstcror Tfnifay Cehn, wree cliatenebrg the brith of teihr dhatuegr, Gia Vgriinia Cehn-De Nrio. He has six otehr celrhidn, whsoe aegs rngae in age form 11 to 51.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts expert Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children whose ages range from 11 to 51.", "scrambled": "The atocr reavleed tihs week taht he and his grilinrfed, maairtl atrs iuntstcror Tfnifay Cehn, wree cliatenebrg the brith of teihr dhatuegr, Gia Vgriinia Cehn-De Nrio. He has six otehr celrhidn, whsoe aegs rngae in age form 11 to 51.", "original": "The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range in age from 11 to 51.", "recovered": "The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts expert Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children whose ages range from 11 to 51."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The aoiprrt was the wrsot for a soencd yaer in a row, wtih fthilgs in 2022 lvineag hlaf an huor bienhd sdcuhlee on avreage. Esat Mdldnais Aroprit was the top perofmerr, wtih arvgeae dyaels of jsut 13 mteuins, wlhie the UK aarvege was 23 mtuiens, acnicdrog to dtaa form the Cviil Aiaivotn Ahuotitry.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Airports were the worst for a sound year in a row, with things in 2022 lining half an hour beyond standard on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average days of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "scrambled": "The aoiprrt was the wrsot for a soencd yaer in a row, wtih fthilgs in 2022 lvineag hlaf an huor bienhd sdcuhlee on avreage. Esat Mdldnais Aroprit was the top perofmerr, wtih arvgeae dyaels of jsut 13 mteuins, wlhie the UK aarvege was 23 mtuiens, acnicdrog to dtaa form the Cviil Aiaivotn Ahuotitry.", "original": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average delays of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "recovered": "Airports were the worst for a sound year in a row, with things in 2022 lining half an hour beyond standard on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average days of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The aitrnvletae to tiioaanrdtl cmoiraten and briaul wlil bmecoe the UK\u2019s fsirt new laegl mtohed of csorpe daisospl scine the Cmtaeoirn Act of 1902. The pesocrs ivvlones dnisvoslig a bdoy in a bag in 160C wtaer trtaeed wtih an aalkli and has a lweor crbaon fnotproit tahn gas-feird cetmoiarn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Theatre companies and brewers will become the UK\u2019s first new legal corporate persons under the Companies Act of 1902. The persons invented a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired power stations.", "scrambled": "The aitrnvletae to tiioaanrdtl cmoiraten and briaul wlil bmecoe the UK\u2019s fsirt new laegl mtohed of csorpe daisospl scine the Cmtaeoirn Act of 1902. The pesocrs ivvlones dnisvoslig a bdoy in a bag in 160C wtaer trtaeed wtih an aalkli and has a lweor crbaon fnotproit tahn gas-feird cetmoiarn.", "original": "The alternative to traditional cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves dissolving a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired cremation.", "recovered": "Theatre companies and brewers will become the UK\u2019s first new legal corporate persons under the Companies Act of 1902. The persons invented a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired power stations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ainyasls of dtaa on plpeoe aegd 40 to 69 likend hiubaatl npas wtih lgearr barin vmolue eleaniqvut to up to 6.5 fweer yreas of aniegg. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uarppwend pdaocst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The findings of data on people aged 40 to 69 showed that having a higher body mass index value elevated the risk of up to 6.5 further years of age-related diseases. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "The ainyasls of dtaa on plpeoe aegd 40 to 69 likend hiubaatl npas wtih lgearr barin vmolue eleaniqvut to up to 6.5 fweer yreas of aniegg. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uarppwend pdaocst.", "original": "The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume equivalent to up to 6.5 fewer years of ageing. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The findings of data on people aged 40 to 69 showed that having a higher body mass index value elevated the risk of up to 6.5 further years of age-related diseases. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The aynailss of pesrs feedorm in 180 cioruntes and teterrioirs put the hrmiet kogindm in lsat pacle on the ananul Wrlod Psers Freodem Idenx, fwoolled by Vitnaem and Cniha. Narowy tpoped the rnnkaig for the stneevh yaer in a row.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vitaly and Chanha. Narrowed the run for the step year in a row.", "scrambled": "The aynailss of pesrs feedorm in 180 cioruntes and teterrioirs put the hrmiet kogindm in lsat pacle on the ananul Wrlod Psers Freodem Idenx, fwoolled by Vitnaem and Cniha. Narowy tpoped the rnnkaig for the stneevh yaer in a row.", "original": "The analysis of press freedom in 180 countries and territories put the hermit kingdom in last place on the annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China. Norway topped the ranking for the seventh year in a row.", "recovered": "The annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vitaly and Chanha. Narrowed the run for the step year in a row."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The aevrage csot of realgur glnoisae in Wsaigntohn has jmpued by mroe tahn 30 cetns in the psat mtonh to mroe tahn $4.90 a glolan, aocdnircg to AAA. Gas in Clfniairoa is nlarey 10 cnets cepaher.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gasoline in California is nearly 10 cents a gallon cheaper.", "scrambled": "The aevrage csot of realgur glnoisae in Wsaigntohn has jmpued by mroe tahn 30 cetns in the psat mtonh to mroe tahn $4.90 a glolan, aocdnircg to AAA. Gas in Clfniairoa is nlarey 10 cnets cepaher.", "original": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "recovered": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gasoline in California is nearly 10 cents a gallon cheaper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The arvaege wtlrmeoean is auobt 92% wtaer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average humidity is about 92% water.", "scrambled": "The arvaege wtlrmeoean is auobt 92% wtaer.", "original": "The average watermelon is about 92% water.", "recovered": "The average humidity is about 92% water."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The agvaree wrdlwdoie terpatmruee on Teasduy reeahcd a new hgih of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wlhie the low 60s may not snuod vrey hot to the miollins of Anicmears steiawng tguhorh a sumemr haet wvae, the fgriue is amoslt a flul deerge Cesuils avboe the aveagre taetrpemure beewten 1979 and 2000 and reepesrtns a new incitdoar taht Erath\u2019s ctalmie is hniateg up feastr tahn apttnicaeid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Slightly warmer than average temperatures were recorded on Sunday with a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the 60s may not sound very hot to most people stepping through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperatures between 1979 and 2000 and reports a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated.", "scrambled": "The agvaree wrdlwdoie terpatmruee on Teasduy reeahcd a new hgih of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wlhie the low 60s may not snuod vrey hot to the miollins of Anicmears steiawng tguhorh a sumemr haet wvae, the fgriue is amoslt a flul deerge Cesuils avboe the aveagre taetrpemure beewten 1979 and 2000 and reepesrtns a new incitdoar taht Erath\u2019s ctalmie is hniateg up feastr tahn apttnicaeid.", "original": "The average worldwide temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions of Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated.", "recovered": "Slightly warmer than average temperatures were recorded on Sunday with a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the 60s may not sound very hot to most people stepping through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperatures between 1979 and 2000 and reports a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The boollan was albe to tasrinmt iomiatofnrn bcak to Bniijeg in rael tmie, a socure tlod CNN, and the US grvmeonent sltil deos not konw for srue wehther the Cshiene gnvmeronet colud wpie the balolon\u2019s dtaa as it reiveecd it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The balloon was able to transmit internet from the edge of space back to Earth in real time, a first for CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could intercept the balloon\u2019s data as it received it.", "scrambled": "The boollan was albe to tasrinmt iomiatofnrn bcak to Bniijeg in rael tmie, a socure tlod CNN, and the US grvmeonent sltil deos not konw for srue wehther the Cshiene gnvmeronet colud wpie the balolon\u2019s dtaa as it reiveecd it.", "original": "The balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could wipe the balloon\u2019s data as it received it.", "recovered": "The balloon was able to transmit internet from the edge of space back to Earth in real time, a first for CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could intercept the balloon\u2019s data as it received it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ban on uinsg the Cshinee-onwed veido app on gnnmoervet deievcs fwlools a rvieew by the Nonaaitl Cbyer Srictuey Cnrete and bgrnis the UK in lnie wtih the US, Cnadaa and the EU, aimd wnierosng rlintoeas wtih Bijnieg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, aiming closer ties with Beijing.", "scrambled": "The ban on uinsg the Cshinee-onwed veido app on gnnmoervet deievcs fwlools a rvieew by the Nonaaitl Cbyer Srictuey Cnrete and bgrnis the UK in lnie wtih the US, Cnadaa and the EU, aimd wnierosng rlintoeas wtih Bijnieg.", "original": "The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid worsening relations with Beijing.", "recovered": "The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, aiming closer ties with Beijing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ban, wchih ceoms itno efceft on 31 Mcrah, alpipes to tnrgesnaedr weomn who hvae unnoergde mlae ptbuery. The gnoenivrg bdoy\u2019s pserneidt, Seb Coe, siad the cvnosatoerirl dcieosin had been teakn to \u201cpecotrt the fuurte of the fleame ctgaeory\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the integrity of the female category\u201d.", "scrambled": "The ban, wchih ceoms itno efceft on 31 Mcrah, alpipes to tnrgesnaedr weomn who hvae unnoergde mlae ptbuery. The gnoenivrg bdoy\u2019s pserneidt, Seb Coe, siad the cvnosatoerirl dcieosin had been teakn to \u201cpecotrt the fuurte of the fleame ctgaeory\u201d.", "original": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the future of the female category\u201d.", "recovered": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the integrity of the female category\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The bset-sellnig aouhtr of \u201cEat, Pary, Lvoe\u201d akesd her psruhebils to ptoopsne the ptbuciilaon of her neovl \u201cThe Sonw Feorst\u201d, wchih is set in 20th cntruey Siirbea, fowlliong a bkasalch form Uraaiknin rderaes. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uanppwred pocadst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d made her parents proud by publishing her novel \u201cThe Sun Feast\u201d, which is set in 20th century Sri Lanka, following a basic outline of Unakite reara. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "The bset-sellnig aouhtr of \u201cEat, Pary, Lvoe\u201d akesd her psruhebils to ptoopsne the ptbuciilaon of her neovl \u201cThe Sonw Feorst\u201d, wchih is set in 20th cntruey Siirbea, fowlliong a bkasalch form Uraaiknin rderaes. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uanppwred pocadst.", "original": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publishers to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d made her parents proud by publishing her novel \u201cThe Sun Feast\u201d, which is set in 20th century Sri Lanka, following a basic outline of Unakite reara. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The cahrt-topepr was vliisby saekhn wehn her kraeboyd baegn plyinag nteos by iltsef durnig the Era Tuor sohw in Mehssuattascs. Sifwt sultsnbqeeuy eilpexnad taht the snmilgeey peosssesd ienusnmrtt had meunloaitncfd atfer benig daemgad by rian driung a pruoives cneocrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The chart-topper was vlisiby saekhn wehn her kraeboyd begn playing nots by itself during the Era Tuor show in Mehssuattascs. Despite the sound systems being damaged, the simultaneous interpreters managed to continue by relying on a previous demo recording.", "scrambled": "The cahrt-topepr was vliisby saekhn wehn her kraeboyd baegn plyinag nteos by iltsef durnig the Era Tuor sohw in Mehssuattascs. Sifwt sultsnbqeeuy eilpexnad taht the snmilgeey peosssesd ienusnmrtt had meunloaitncfd atfer benig daemgad by rian driung a pruoives cneocrt.", "original": "The chart-topper was visibly shaken when her keyboard began playing notes by itself during the Era Tour show in Massachusetts. Swift subsequently explained that the seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned after being damaged by rain during a previous concert.", "recovered": "The chart-topper was vlisiby saekhn wehn her kraeboyd begn playing nots by itself during the Era Tuor show in Mehssuattascs. Despite the sound systems being damaged, the simultaneous interpreters managed to continue by relying on a previous demo recording."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ceomsopr\u2019s caonrootin aetnhm wlil be paelyd pblcluiy for the frsit tmie as Knig Cealrhs III is conrewd in Wtiemtssenr Abeby on Sartuady. Arcidcong to Loyld Wbeber, the mnroach reetequsd taht the tnue be \u201chmblmuae\u201d and crueehfl buascee \u201che wntas the ahtnem snug in cehrcuhs\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chumble\u201d and \u201cbeautiful\u201d and \u201che wanted the anthem to soar in sections\u201d.", "scrambled": "The ceomsopr\u2019s caonrootin aetnhm wlil be paelyd pblcluiy for the frsit tmie as Knig Cealrhs III is conrewd in Wtiemtssenr Abeby on Sartuady. Arcidcong to Loyld Wbeber, the mnroach reetequsd taht the tnue be \u201chmblmuae\u201d and crueehfl buascee \u201che wntas the ahtnem snug in cehrcuhs\u201d.", "original": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung in churches\u201d.", "recovered": "The coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chumble\u201d and \u201cbeautiful\u201d and \u201che wanted the anthem to soar in sections\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The coaotrnoin qcuhie was ceohsn by the Knig and Qeuen Cnorsot as the ssgtgeeud cetenerpice for big lhneucs, srteet ptreias and ohetr cinomutmy eentvs on 6 May. Ryoal haed cehf Mrak Faaalgnn cmae up wtih the ripece.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The coronation cookbook was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the special centenary prize for big linuces, street parties and other commemorative events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Faaalgnn came up with the recipe.", "scrambled": "The coaotrnoin qcuhie was ceohsn by the Knig and Qeuen Cnorsot as the ssgtgeeud cetenerpice for big lhneucs, srteet ptreias and ohetr cinomutmy eentvs on 6 May. Ryoal haed cehf Mrak Faaalgnn cmae up wtih the ripece.", "original": "The coronation quiche was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties and other community events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Flanagan came up with the recipe.", "recovered": "The coronation cookbook was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the special centenary prize for big linuces, street parties and other commemorative events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Faaalgnn came up with the recipe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The cursie sihp Canriavl Snhsunie was rekocd by a srotm taht casued ionteirr weatr dgaame and dleyead its rturen to prot in Stuoh Colnaira.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Curse of the Canary Islands Sunspot was recorded by a storm that caused intermittent weather game and delayed its return to prot in Stuoh Colnaira.", "scrambled": "The cursie sihp Canriavl Snhsunie was rekocd by a srotm taht casued ionteirr weatr dgaame and dleyead its rturen to prot in Stuoh Colnaira.", "original": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage and delayed its return to port in South Carolina.", "recovered": "The Curse of the Canary Islands Sunspot was recorded by a storm that caused intermittent weather game and delayed its return to prot in Stuoh Colnaira."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The disiocen was 6-3 wtih Ciehf Jscutie Jhon Rorebts wriitng the onpoiin for the ctvaonivsere seapoirrmutjy. The there leaibrl drsniteess \u2014 Jectsuis Enela Kgaan, Sinoa Sootmoayr, and Kanejti Bowrn Jscoakn \u2014 siad the mrjaioty is bcaasilly mniakg pilcitaol dciosines.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The dish was 6-3 with chef John Roberts writing the recipe for the competition. The three local desserts \u2014 Jectsuis Enela Kgaan, Sinoa Sootmoayr, and Kanejti Bowrn Jscoakn \u2014 said the majority is basically making perfect dessert dishes.", "scrambled": "The disiocen was 6-3 wtih Ciehf Jscutie Jhon Rorebts wriitng the onpoiin for the ctvaonivsere seapoirrmutjy. The there leaibrl drsniteess \u2014 Jectsuis Enela Kgaan, Sinoa Sootmoayr, and Kanejti Bowrn Jscoakn \u2014 siad the mrjaioty is bcaasilly mniakg pilcitaol dciosines.", "original": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative supermajority. The three liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically making political decisions.", "recovered": "The dish was 6-3 with chef John Roberts writing the recipe for the competition. The three local desserts \u2014 Jectsuis Enela Kgaan, Sinoa Sootmoayr, and Kanejti Bowrn Jscoakn \u2014 said the majority is basically making perfect dessert dishes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The dctniase is far lses tahn the nrealy 4.5 meils cervoed in Queen Eziabetlh II\u2019s poicessron in 1953, tgieregrd ceconnrs taht wlel-wsierhs hpiong to lnie Lodonn\u2019s steetrs to woelmce the knig may sgtgurle to fnid sacpe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The record for the fastest mile run by a woman is 4.12 metres, set by Marit Bjorgen of Norway at the Holmenkollen Ski Festival in March 2017.", "scrambled": "The dctniase is far lses tahn the nrealy 4.5 meils cervoed in Queen Eziabetlh II\u2019s poicessron in 1953, tgieregrd ceconnrs taht wlel-wsierhs hpiong to lnie Lodonn\u2019s steetrs to woelmce the knig may sgtgurle to fnid sacpe.", "original": "The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s procession in 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets to welcome the king may struggle to find space.", "recovered": "The record for the fastest mile run by a woman is 4.12 metres, set by Marit Bjorgen of Norway at the Holmenkollen Ski Festival in March 2017."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The eseveifnfetcs of the Cviod-19 vcnecais feads aeftr six mnohts as lvlees of nlinziuaretg aonieitdbs in the bolod flal, sitdeus sohw. Wtih mnay ppleoe aolxsnuiy wedonrnig how soon tehy can get ahenotr soht, US htealh ofiilcafs are now cenidrionsg aoenthr ronud of bveliant btsooers for the msot veablnlrue Anaimecrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Experts predict that the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic will subside after six months as levels of non-infectious antibodies in the blood fall. This is good news. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get back to normal, US health officials are now considering another round of booster shots for the most vulnerable Americans.", "scrambled": "The eseveifnfetcs of the Cviod-19 vcnecais feads aeftr six mnohts as lvlees of nlinziuaretg aonieitdbs in the bolod flal, sitdeus sohw. Wtih mnay ppleoe aolxsnuiy wedonrnig how soon tehy can get ahenotr soht, US htealh ofiilcafs are now cenidrionsg aoenthr ronud of bveliant btsooers for the msot veablnlrue Anaimecrs.", "original": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six months as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get another shot, US health officials are now considering another round of bivalent boosters for the most vulnerable Americans.", "recovered": "Experts predict that the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic will subside after six months as levels of non-infectious antibodies in the blood fall. This is good news. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get back to normal, US health officials are now considering another round of booster shots for the most vulnerable Americans."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The eenvt is oeftn rererefd to as \u201cFoahisn\u2019s Beigsgt Nghit.\u201d Tihs yaer, the tehme was \u201cIn hnoor of Kral,\u201d a tbrtuie to the ltae dgniseer Kral Lglefared.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Night Out.\u201d This year, the theme was \"In honor of Kral,\" a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "scrambled": "The eenvt is oeftn rererefd to as \u201cFoahisn\u2019s Beigsgt Nghit.\u201d Tihs yaer, the tehme was \u201cIn hnoor of Kral,\u201d a tbrtuie to the ltae dgniseer Kral Lglefared.", "original": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "recovered": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Night Out.\u201d This year, the theme was \"In honor of Kral,\" a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The fcae cnvoeigrs are mdae of UV-risanstet mtaiaerl and are dinsgeed to pctoret the werear\u2019s haed, fcae and ncek form sun exurpsoe. For mroe odd and utexnepecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tleas nstweteelr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tal Tleaser newsletter.", "scrambled": "The fcae cnvoeigrs are mdae of UV-risanstet mtaiaerl and are dinsgeed to pctoret the werear\u2019s haed, fcae and ncek form sun exurpsoe. For mroe odd and utexnepecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tleas nstweteelr.", "original": "The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tal Tleaser newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The frugie is up 15 pitons form 51% in Airpl, adrcnoicg to plniolg form YuooGv. Olny 17% of Bsitirh adluts hvae a fvraauolbe veiw of the guorp Jsut Sotp Oil, wcihh has dpsteuird saveerl mojar srtnoipg eevnts tihs seummr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The firm is up 15 pitons from 51% in Airpl, according to polling from YuooGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major events this summer.", "scrambled": "The frugie is up 15 pitons form 51% in Airpl, adrcnoicg to plniolg form YuooGv. Olny 17% of Bsitirh adluts hvae a fvraauolbe veiw of the guorp Jsut Sotp Oil, wcihh has dpsteuird saveerl mojar srtnoipg eevnts tihs seummr.", "original": "The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to polling from YouGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major sporting events this summer.", "recovered": "The firm is up 15 pitons from 51% in Airpl, according to polling from YuooGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major events this summer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The fnail vtoe to end the Ciovd-19 enecmgrey dleceard by tehn-Prsdeient Dnolad Trmup in Mcarh of 2020 was olgwnerhlevimy baapisitrn, 68-23. The jniot rutolosein, wichh clraeed the Husoe eelarir tihs yaer, now hades to Pirnsdeet Joe Bedin\u2019s dsek.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The impeachment of President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which declared the House\u2019s impeachment this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "scrambled": "The fnail vtoe to end the Ciovd-19 enecmgrey dleceard by tehn-Prsdeient Dnolad Trmup in Mcarh of 2020 was olgwnerhlevimy baapisitrn, 68-23. The jniot rutolosein, wichh clraeed the Husoe eelarir tihs yaer, now hades to Pirnsdeet Joe Bedin\u2019s dsek.", "original": "The final vote to end the Covid-19 emergency declared by then-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which cleared the House earlier this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "recovered": "The impeachment of President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which declared the House\u2019s impeachment this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The frmis wree aslo orreedd to reapy a ttaol of aunrod \u00a35 miollin in lsot wgaes to 63,000 sftaf, fowinllog itnnvaoigsites by HRMC dtinag bcak to 2017. M&S, WimStHh and Aorgs all siad the bchreaes wree unieonaintntl and had been sltfwiy reiemded.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The firm was also ordered to pay a total of \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HRMC dating back to 2017. M&S, Waitrose and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied.", "scrambled": "The frmis wree aslo orreedd to reapy a ttaol of aunrod \u00a35 miollin in lsot wgaes to 63,000 sftaf, fowinllog itnnvaoigsites by HRMC dtinag bcak to 2017. M&S, WimStHh and Aorgs all siad the bchreaes wree unieonaintntl and had been sltfwiy reiemded.", "original": "The firms were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied.", "recovered": "The firm was also ordered to pay a total of \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HRMC dating back to 2017. M&S, Waitrose and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The fsirt fbolaotl mtcah at waht was tehn claled the Eirpme Sadtuim took pclae on 28 Apirl 1923. Drinug its cnrteuy-lnog hitrsoy, Wbeemly has been the stie of Enngald\u2019s 1966 Wlrod Cup voticry, the 1985 Lvie Aid cocenrt and the Lesseoins\u2019 vticory in the Wmoen\u2019s Eruos lsat yaer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first world boltam took place at Wembley was called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its career-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lessons\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euro last year.", "scrambled": "The fsirt fbolaotl mtcah at waht was tehn claled the Eirpme Sadtuim took pclae on 28 Apirl 1923. Drinug its cnrteuy-lnog hitrsoy, Wbeemly has been the stie of Enngald\u2019s 1966 Wlrod Cup voticry, the 1985 Lvie Aid cocenrt and the Lesseoins\u2019 vticory in the Wmoen\u2019s Eruos lsat yaer.", "original": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euros last year.", "recovered": "The first world boltam took place at Wembley was called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its career-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lessons\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euro last year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The fsirt reollr csoetar in Armceia oneepd on Cneoy Iasnld, in Bkroloyn, New Yrok, in 1884.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "scrambled": "The fsirt reollr csoetar in Armceia oneepd on Cneoy Iasnld, in Bkroloyn, New Yrok, in 1884.", "original": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "recovered": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The falg, ctreaed by asivitct Ben Hitah, fnduoer of the Ninotaal Jutneteneh Claoeeritbn Faodtnuoin, has a wthie satr in the mdilde rntseipereng the Lnoe Satr Sttae of Txaes as wlel as the fodreem of Aafcirn Areacinms in all 50 saetts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The flag, created by artist Ben Hitchen, founder of the Ninotaal Jutneteneh Claoeeritbn Faodtnuoin, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the former of Aafcirn Areacinms in all 50 states.", "scrambled": "The falg, ctreaed by asivitct Ben Hitah, fnduoer of the Ninotaal Jutneteneh Claoeeritbn Faodtnuoin, has a wthie satr in the mdilde rntseipereng the Lnoe Satr Sttae of Txaes as wlel as the fodreem of Aafcirn Areacinms in all 50 saetts.", "original": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haith, founder of the National Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the freedom of African Americans in all 50 states.", "recovered": "The flag, created by artist Ben Hitchen, founder of the Ninotaal Jutneteneh Claoeeritbn Faodtnuoin, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the former of Aafcirn Areacinms in all 50 states."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The frmoer htleah srreacety baet ravil Ktae Forebs in the blttae to rplecae Noclia Setrogun as ladeer of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, atfer Ash Raegn was eanitleimd in the fsirt-runod ballot of ptray meermbs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The former leader of the Scottish National Party, Alex Salmond, has been replaced by Kate Forbes as leader of the party, after being defeated in the first-round ballot of party members.", "scrambled": "The frmoer htleah srreacety baet ravil Ktae Forebs in the blttae to rplecae Noclia Setrogun as ladeer of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, atfer Ash Raegn was eanitleimd in the fsirt-runod ballot of ptray meermbs.", "original": "The former health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola Sturgeon as leader of the Scottish National Party, after Ash Regan was eliminated in the first-round ballot of party members.", "recovered": "The former leader of the Scottish National Party, Alex Salmond, has been replaced by Kate Forbes as leader of the party, after being defeated in the first-round ballot of party members."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The feormr pmrie msteiinr is cesoitnntg the blil for csots irnurced at Cnienhevg Husoe in Knet dnriug her tnreue as firgoen sreacrety. The ctoss rdoerletpy idlnuce food, wnie and msinisg ietms, but Tusrs syas the vsat mrjaitoy of the iocivne reetlas to oicffail gronevemnt bsusnies, for wichh she wulod not be lialbe, reathr tahn peorasnl epxeness.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The former prime minister is calling for tighter controls on cross border mergers after the takeover of Cadbury by US group Kraft during her term as foreign secretary. The coalition government has introduced a number of measures to deal with such issues, for which she would not be liable, rather personal experience.", "scrambled": "The feormr pmrie msteiinr is cesoitnntg the blil for csots irnurced at Cnienhevg Husoe in Knet dnriug her tnreue as firgoen sreacrety. The ctoss rdoerletpy idlnuce food, wnie and msinisg ietms, but Tusrs syas the vsat mrjaitoy of the iocivne reetlas to oicffail gronevemnt bsusnies, for wichh she wulod not be lialbe, reathr tahn peorasnl epxeness.", "original": "The former prime minister is contesting the bill for costs incurred at Chevening House in Kent during her tenure as foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include food, wine and missing items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to official government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.", "recovered": "The former prime minister is calling for tighter controls on cross border mergers after the takeover of Cadbury by US group Kraft during her term as foreign secretary. The coalition government has introduced a number of measures to deal with such issues, for which she would not be liable, rather personal experience."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The gaint sakhrs wree mcuh weamrr boeoldd tahn ohter sailmir sceepis, acndicorg to new anaislys of teteh fslsios. The fdiingns may poridve celus abuot waht caesud the madleoogn to go enticxt mroe tahn tehre mnoiills yares ago.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Giant saker sharks were much warmer than other similar species, according to new analyses of their fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the mammals to go extinct more than three million years ago.", "scrambled": "The gaint sakhrs wree mcuh weamrr boeoldd tahn ohter sailmir sceepis, acndicorg to new anaislys of teteh fslsios. The fdiingns may poridve celus abuot waht caesud the madleoogn to go enticxt mroe tahn tehre mnoiills yares ago.", "original": "The giant sharks were much warmer blooded than other similar species, according to new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.", "recovered": "Giant saker sharks were much warmer than other similar species, according to new analyses of their fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the mammals to go extinct more than three million years ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The geneonvrmt mssied Mnadoy\u2019s ddlenaie to hnad oevr Brios Josonhn\u2019s WatphAsp mgaesses, bausece the fmeorr pmire mneisitr was siad to hvae ftorgeotn the psdoacse for his old ponhe. A srspsekpeoon for the frmeor pmrie mentsiir siad Jhoosnn whesis to crpatooee wtih the inuiqry. Adernw Waehly, an erpxet in ceurecritybsy, dsmsieisd Jsohonn\u2019s pdaocsse cialm, tnlielg Sky Nwes it was a \u201cptrtey lmae ecxsue\u201d and taht \u201cacsncsieg the dtaa wluod tkae meinuts\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Madison\u2019s decision to hand over Brian Johnson\u2019s Wachtel guitars, because the former prime minister was said to have forged the paperwork for his old pension. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson was cooperating with the inquiry. Earlier Walshley, an expert in cybersecurity said Johnson\u2019s documents were calm, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "scrambled": "The geneonvrmt mssied Mnadoy\u2019s ddlenaie to hnad oevr Brios Josonhn\u2019s WatphAsp mgaesses, bausece the fmeorr pmire mneisitr was siad to hvae ftorgeotn the psdoacse for his old ponhe. A srspsekpeoon for the frmeor pmrie mentsiir siad Jhoosnn whesis to crpatooee wtih the inuiqry. Adernw Waehly, an erpxet in ceurecritybsy, dsmsieisd Jsohonn\u2019s pdaocsse cialm, tnlielg Sky Nwes it was a \u201cptrtey lmae ecxsue\u201d and taht \u201cacsncsieg the dtaa wluod tkae meinuts\u201d.", "original": "The government missed Monday\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "recovered": "Madison\u2019s decision to hand over Brian Johnson\u2019s Wachtel guitars, because the former prime minister was said to have forged the paperwork for his old pension. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson was cooperating with the inquiry. Earlier Walshley, an expert in cybersecurity said Johnson\u2019s documents were calm, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The gusnesig gmae bgaen lsat week wehn the book appeeard on mtlpilue bloelesokr wbeesits uednr the nmae 4C Ueiltntd Ftrloian Noifnicotn Semumr 2023. But pinulhibsg hsoue Folraitn Bokos has slevod the mtyersy by rliaenevg taht the egrlaey aaptiientcd rseelae is aoubt the K-pop bbnyoad and wlil be phulsiebd in Jluy udner the ttile Bonyed the Stroy: 10-Yaer Rercod of BTS.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Guinness World Records announced last week that BTS was named the recipient of the 4th Class Unity Ftrloian Notification Summer 2023. But for the fourth year in a row, Forbes has spoiled the surprise by revealing that the global audience reached record is about the K-pop band and will be published in July under the title BTS: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "scrambled": "The gusnesig gmae bgaen lsat week wehn the book appeeard on mtlpilue bloelesokr wbeesits uednr the nmae 4C Ueiltntd Ftrloian Noifnicotn Semumr 2023. But pinulhibsg hsoue Folraitn Bokos has slevod the mtyersy by rliaenevg taht the egrlaey aaptiientcd rseelae is aoubt the K-pop bbnyoad and wlil be phulsiebd in Jluy udner the ttile Bonyed the Stroy: 10-Yaer Rercod of BTS.", "original": "The guessing game began last week when the book appeared on multiple bookseller websites under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. But publishing house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop boyband and will be published in July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "recovered": "The Guinness World Records announced last week that BTS was named the recipient of the 4th Class Unity Ftrloian Notification Summer 2023. But for the fourth year in a row, Forbes has spoiled the surprise by revealing that the global audience reached record is about the K-pop band and will be published in July under the title BTS: 10-Year Record of BTS."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The haed of Ltaaozrne\u2019s laocl gnoervment tlod a tiorsum tdare fiar in Bleirn taht the Craany inasld\u2019s rroests had beocme ovelry rnialet on \u201cmsas marekt\u201d haeokmylirads form the UK and suolhd be fsnioucg on virostis form Gamnery, \u201cwho snepd mroe wehn tehy are hree\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The head of Latvia\u2019s law enforcement agency told a tribunal there was a threat of violence at the Baltic state\u2019s border with Russia that the Crimean rebels\u2019 troops had become overly confident on \u201cmass market\u201d heroin imports from the UK and should be focused on violations from Germany, \"who sent more when they are here\".", "scrambled": "The haed of Ltaaozrne\u2019s laocl gnoervment tlod a tiorsum tdare fiar in Bleirn taht the Craany inasld\u2019s rroests had beocme ovelry rnialet on \u201cmsas marekt\u201d haeokmylirads form the UK and suolhd be fsnioucg on virostis form Gamnery, \u201cwho snepd mroe wehn tehy are hree\u201d.", "original": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a tourism trade fair in Berlin that the Canary island\u2019s resorts had become overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the UK and should be focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cwho spend more when they are here\u201d.", "recovered": "The head of Latvia\u2019s law enforcement agency told a tribunal there was a threat of violence at the Baltic state\u2019s border with Russia that the Crimean rebels\u2019 troops had become overly confident on \u201cmass market\u201d heroin imports from the UK and should be focused on violations from Germany, \"who sent more when they are here\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has caelld tmie folinlowg 192 yaers of tdiarng, atefr bneig slod to a prtavie byeur \u201cfor anieavlttre use\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Crooked House, in the village of Helmdon, has called me here today, after being sold to a buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d.", "scrambled": "The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has caelld tmie folinlowg 192 yaers of tdiarng, atefr bneig slod to a prtavie byeur \u201cfor anieavlttre use\u201d.", "original": "The historic Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has called time following 192 years of trading, after being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.", "recovered": "The Crooked House, in the village of Helmdon, has called me here today, after being sold to a buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The incendmitt maeks Tumrp the frsit ex-pedniesrt in US hrtoisy to fcae cnaiirml caerghs. The csae anisagt him ctreens on an aellegd $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pynmaet mdae to adlut flim satr Sormty Denilas dinurg the fainl dyas of the 2016 paniteiesrdl cpimaagn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The indictment makes Trump the first president in US history to face criminal charges while in office. The case against him centers on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payoff made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "scrambled": "The incendmitt maeks Tumrp the frsit ex-pedniesrt in US hrtoisy to fcae cnaiirml caerghs. The csae anisagt him ctreens on an aellegd $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pynmaet mdae to adlut flim satr Sormty Denilas dinurg the fainl dyas of the 2016 paniteiesrdl cpimaagn.", "original": "The indictment makes Trump the first ex-president in US history to face criminal charges. The case against him centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payment made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "recovered": "The indictment makes Trump the first president in US history to face criminal charges while in office. The case against him centers on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payoff made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The jinlsaurot and autohr is sinug the freomr penseidrt for brtetay and daaemftion, cainlmig he rpead her in a dmnrtepeat srtoe cihagnng room in 1996 and tehn dineed it yeras ltear. Tumrp dienes the carghes and is not epectexd to aeppar in curot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The dinosaurs and the autohr is singing the famous penguins theme song for breakfast and dinner, chiming in every morning and evening. Tumrp dines the carghes and is not expected to appear in court.", "scrambled": "The jinlsaurot and autohr is sinug the freomr penseidrt for brtetay and daaemftion, cainlmig he rpead her in a dmnrtepeat srtoe cihagnng room in 1996 and tehn dineed it yeras ltear. Tumrp dienes the carghes and is not epectexd to aeppar in curot.", "original": "The journalist and author is suing the former president for battery and defamation, claiming he raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it years later. Trump denies the charges and is not expected to appear in court.", "recovered": "The dinosaurs and the autohr is singing the famous penguins theme song for breakfast and dinner, chiming in every morning and evening. Tumrp dines the carghes and is not expected to appear in court."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lraadmnk ruinlg cncodleus a 10-yaer leagl csae in wichh the culpoe shguot the rgiht to \u201ca qeuit lfie\u201d and \u201crset\u201d at thier hmoe in Ciranme, a dsciitrt wtih blnustig nihtlfgie in the noerthrn ctiy of Biresca.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Arab Spring began in 2010 as a series of uprisings across the Middle East that resulted in the ouster of several long-time leaders and the installation of new, democratically elected governments.", "scrambled": "The lraadmnk ruinlg cncodleus a 10-yaer leagl csae in wichh the culpoe shguot the rgiht to \u201ca qeuit lfie\u201d and \u201crset\u201d at thier hmoe in Ciranme, a dsciitrt wtih blnustig nihtlfgie in the noerthrn ctiy of Biresca.", "original": "The landmark ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling nightlife in the northern city of Brescia.", "recovered": "The Arab Spring began in 2010 as a series of uprisings across the Middle East that resulted in the ouster of several long-time leaders and the installation of new, democratically elected governments."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lsat pgsasneer rcseeud had been udipse dwon for mroe tahn trehe hruos atefr the rdie sltaeld. The rdie has been toearrpilmy coseld wihle arhioeutits ieaivtntsge the trrniieyfg oeardl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The last penguin rider had been underwater for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride had been temporarily closed while archaeologists investigated the ancient ordnance.", "scrambled": "The lsat pgsasneer rcseeud had been udipse dwon for mroe tahn trehe hruos atefr the rdie sltaeld. The rdie has been toearrpilmy coseld wihle arhioeutits ieaivtntsge the trrniieyfg oeardl.", "original": "The last passenger rescued had been upside down for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride has been temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.", "recovered": "The last penguin rider had been underwater for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride had been temporarily closed while archaeologists investigated the ancient ordnance."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ltseat vticory ptus Man Ctiy jnoit wtih Atosn Vllia for toatl FA Cup tlite wnis. The rcreod for the msot wnis is hled be Aansrel, at 14, fweollod by Man Utd (12), and Clseeha, Leoopirvl and Tanteohtm (all on 8).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The least successful victory pus Man City goalkeeper with Atosn Villa for total FA Cup title was. The record for the most was led by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Leicester and Tottenham (all on 8).", "scrambled": "The ltseat vticory ptus Man Ctiy jnoit wtih Atosn Vllia for toatl FA Cup tlite wnis. The rcreod for the msot wnis is hled be Aansrel, at 14, fweollod by Man Utd (12), and Clseeha, Leoopirvl and Tanteohtm (all on 8).", "original": "The latest victory puts Man City joint with Aston Villa for total FA Cup title wins. The record for the most wins is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham (all on 8).", "recovered": "The least successful victory pus Man City goalkeeper with Atosn Villa for total FA Cup title was. The record for the most was led by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Leicester and Tottenham (all on 8)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lfofays at Desiny are set to iampct aoubt 7,000 jbos, CEO Bob Iegr siad tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The layoffs at DePuy Synthes are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Ligi said this week.", "scrambled": "The lfofays at Desiny are set to iampct aoubt 7,000 jbos, CEO Bob Iegr siad tihs week.", "original": "The layoffs at Disney are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week.", "recovered": "The layoffs at DePuy Synthes are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Ligi said this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lrueise and hpotlsatiiy isrnudty is sngugltirg to rveoecr all the werkors it lsot due to the pnmaidec, rneect dtaa form the Beurau of Lboar Stasiticts sohws. Tihs stocer has the bgegsit soatghre of wrkroes, dwon 349,000 peploe, or 2% of the tatol pre-pamnidec wokcrfroe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The current unemployment rate is signaling to reverse all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This store has the biggest share of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce.", "scrambled": "The lrueise and hpotlsatiiy isrnudty is sngugltirg to rveoecr all the werkors it lsot due to the pnmaidec, rneect dtaa form the Beurau of Lboar Stasiticts sohws. Tihs stocer has the bgegsit soatghre of wrkroes, dwon 349,000 peploe, or 2% of the tatol pre-pamnidec wokcrfroe.", "original": "The leisure and hospitality industry is struggling to recover all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This sector has the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce.", "recovered": "The current unemployment rate is signaling to reverse all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This store has the biggest share of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The liitnfg of Tlite 42 maens taht the US gemorvnent wlil rrtuen to a decaeds-old soectin of the US cdoe kwnon as Ttile 8, wihch Honemlad Srticeuy Srtrecaey Aneldarjo Myaaorks has wnraed wulod carry \u201cmroe sereve\u201d cnsqeeucneos for maitgrns funod to be etnnireg the cnoruty ulualwnlfy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The lighting of TILE 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old system of the US code known as TILE 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Janet Myaaorks has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully.", "scrambled": "The liitnfg of Tlite 42 maens taht the US gemorvnent wlil rrtuen to a decaeds-old soectin of the US cdoe kwnon as Ttile 8, wihch Honemlad Srticeuy Srtrecaey Aneldarjo Myaaorks has wnraed wulod carry \u201cmroe sereve\u201d cnsqeeucneos for maitgrns funod to be etnnireg the cnoruty ulualwnlfy.", "original": "The lifting of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully.", "recovered": "The lighting of TILE 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old system of the US code known as TILE 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Janet Myaaorks has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The mjraitoy of Calriinfoa\u2019s cntioeus wree udenr a sttae of egcrenmey due to eixscvsee rian and fnldooig.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The magnitude of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to existingrian and flooding.", "scrambled": "The mjraitoy of Calriinfoa\u2019s cntioeus wree udenr a sttae of egcrenmey due to eixscvsee rian and fnldooig.", "original": "The majority of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.", "recovered": "The magnitude of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to existingrian and flooding."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The miorcocpsic roornwdum, or ndtmeaoe, had lian doamrnt in Seraibin porrsmefat scine the lsat Ice Age. It was utrneaehd form a fiilosssed srqeuirl borruw etrexactd form the noahesterrtn Actirc in 2002.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The mammoth, or Mammuthus primigenius, had lived during the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilized skeleton buried exactly in the Actric region in 2002.", "scrambled": "The miorcocpsic roornwdum, or ndtmeaoe, had lian doamrnt in Seraibin porrsmefat scine the lsat Ice Age. It was utrneaehd form a fiilosssed srqeuirl borruw etrexactd form the noahesterrtn Actirc in 2002.", "original": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in Siberian permafrost since the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from the northeastern Arctic in 2002.", "recovered": "The mammoth, or Mammuthus primigenius, had lived during the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilized skeleton buried exactly in the Actric region in 2002."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The msising soitecn daets bcak aomlst 1,500 yares and is one of the eelsrait tlnasaniorts of the Geolpss, anrocdcig to sicteinsts who uesd urtvloleait pahgohtproy to fnid the caphter hieddn btaeneh tehre lyares of txet on a mpiucnsrat in the Vcatian Lbrairy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The missing site dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest transcriptions of the Geography, according to scientists who used ultraviolet light technology to find the chapter hidden beneath the other layers of text on the manuscript in the Vatican Library.", "scrambled": "The msising soitecn daets bcak aomlst 1,500 yares and is one of the eelsrait tlnasaniorts of the Geolpss, anrocdcig to sicteinsts who uesd urtvloleait pahgohtproy to fnid the caphter hieddn btaeneh tehre lyares of txet on a mpiucnsrat in the Vcatian Lbrairy.", "original": "The missing section dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet photography to find the chapter hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican Library.", "recovered": "The missing site dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest transcriptions of the Geography, according to scientists who used ultraviolet light technology to find the chapter hidden beneath the other layers of text on the manuscript in the Vatican Library."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The new Civod-19 vcaniecs, wihch sluohd be rdeay by the end of Seteepmbr, wlil be mdae abalialve detircly form the metcnururafas on the ccaiomerml mkeart, rehatr tahn tgorhuh the US gomneenvrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The new Civod-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturer on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "scrambled": "The new Civod-19 vcaniecs, wihch sluohd be rdeay by the end of Seteepmbr, wlil be mdae abalialve detircly form the metcnururafas on the ccaiomerml mkeart, rehatr tahn tgorhuh the US gomneenvrt.", "original": "The new Covid-19 vaccines, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "recovered": "The new Civod-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturer on the commercial market, rather than through the US government."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The nlwey aonenncud csat of the umnciopg ehigt-prat sirees \u2013 set in the cut-tahrot wlord of inenpnededt tiiesvloen in 1980s Ealngnd \u2013 aslo iundcles Aaidn Tnuerr, Cailre Rubhorsok, Oielvr Cirhs and Elimy Atcak.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The NeverEnding Story is one of the greatest fantasy films ever set in the magical world of Fantasia in the 1980s. It also features Atreyu, Cain, Morla, and Falcor.", "scrambled": "The nlwey aonenncud csat of the umnciopg ehigt-prat sirees \u2013 set in the cut-tahrot wlord of inenpnededt tiiesvloen in 1980s Ealngnd \u2013 aslo iundcles Aaidn Tnuerr, Cailre Rubhorsok, Oielvr Cirhs and Elimy Atcak.", "original": "The newly announced cast of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 also includes Aidan Turner, Claire Rushbrook, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.", "recovered": "The NeverEnding Story is one of the greatest fantasy films ever set in the magical world of Fantasia in the 1980s. It also features Atreyu, Cain, Morla, and Falcor."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The oil and gas cmnaopy has been accuesd of a \u201cpierrfiotneg bnanzoa\u201d aeftr mknaig elauneiqvt to \u00a3986 per scoend in the fisrt qtraeur of 2023, as hudleooshs slgtrgue wtih a csot-of-lnviig criiss lerlagy dvrein by ifetlnad egrney blils. BP tihs week aeunocnnd potirfs of \u00a34bn for the smae poreid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The oil and gas industry has been accused of a \u201cpernicious banzai\u201d attack after making Elaineiquvat to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as hurdles sluggish with a cost-of-living crisis lerlagy dragged by increased energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period.", "scrambled": "The oil and gas cmnaopy has been accuesd of a \u201cpierrfiotneg bnanzoa\u201d aeftr mknaig elauneiqvt to \u00a3986 per scoend in the fisrt qtraeur of 2023, as hudleooshs slgtrgue wtih a csot-of-lnviig criiss lerlagy dvrein by ifetlnad egrney blils. BP tihs week aeunocnnd potirfs of \u00a34bn for the smae poreid.", "original": "The oil and gas company has been accused of a \u201cprofiteering bonanza\u201d after making equivalent to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as households struggle with a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period.", "recovered": "The oil and gas industry has been accused of a \u201cpernicious banzai\u201d attack after making Elaineiquvat to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as hurdles sluggish with a cost-of-living crisis lerlagy dragged by increased energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The otraoper of the bus rtuoe, wchih tnaretiems at the Plisoh siadsee rosret of Hel, is miknag the nmae cgnhae fnilloowg prreusse form riouigles gprous. For mroe odd and unxteecepd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nstelteewr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The other day on the bus I saw a poster that mentioned at the Physics department there was a robot that performs the perfect form of the pli\u00e9. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tal Tealsteiner newsletter.", "scrambled": "The otraoper of the bus rtuoe, wchih tnaretiems at the Plisoh siadsee rosret of Hel, is miknag the nmae cgnhae fnilloowg prreusse form riouigles gprous. For mroe odd and unxteecepd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nstelteewr.", "original": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Polish seaside resort of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The other day on the bus I saw a poster that mentioned at the Physics department there was a robot that performs the perfect form of the pli\u00e9. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tal Tealsteiner newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The olws hvae been nmaed Axl, aetfr foramtnn Axl Rsoe, and Sslah, in hounor of the bnad\u2019s gratusiit, afetr bnieg fnuod uendr the sgtae druing the bnad\u2019s hdianlee set at the favistel. For mroe odd and uepeetnxcd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neewtteslr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The words have been made Axl, aetfr foramtnn Axl Rsoe, and Sslah, in honor of the band\u2019s gratusiit, afetr being found under the stage during the band\u2019s Hindu religious set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tal Tales newsletter.", "scrambled": "The olws hvae been nmaed Axl, aetfr foramtnn Axl Rsoe, and Sslah, in hounor of the bnad\u2019s gratusiit, afetr bnieg fnuod uendr the sgtae druing the bnad\u2019s hdianlee set at the favistel. For mroe odd and uepeetnxcd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neewtteslr.", "original": "The owls have been named Axl, after frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s guitarist, after being found under the stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The words have been made Axl, aetfr foramtnn Axl Rsoe, and Sslah, in honor of the band\u2019s gratusiit, afetr being found under the stage during the band\u2019s Hindu religious set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tal Tales newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ptary\u2019s cernrut sgoaln, \u201cBilud a bteter Batirin\u201d, was itoncduerd in Mcarh. Rcneet YuGoov pinollg funod taht aosmlt hlaf of Bnrtios tinhk Smraetr has fieald to set out a caler voisin for the prtay in his there yreas as ldeaer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The parrot\u2019s curious slogan, \u201cBuild a better battering ram\u201d, was invented in March. Recently Yougov polling found that almost half of Britons think Smarter has fielded a credible candidate for the party in his third year as leader.", "scrambled": "The ptary\u2019s cernrut sgoaln, \u201cBilud a bteter Batirin\u201d, was itoncduerd in Mcarh. Rcneet YuGoov pinollg funod taht aosmlt hlaf of Bnrtios tinhk Smraetr has fieald to set out a caler voisin for the prtay in his there yreas as ldeaer.", "original": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was introduced in March. Recent YouGov polling found that almost half of Britons think Starmer has failed to set out a clear vision for the party in his three years as leader.", "recovered": "The parrot\u2019s curious slogan, \u201cBuild a better battering ram\u201d, was invented in March. Recently Yougov polling found that almost half of Britons think Smarter has fielded a credible candidate for the party in his third year as leader."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The pmrie miisentr is uendr iteoivsiangtn by Pmaleanirt\u2019s salzee whoadctg oevr agtloneilas of a pslbisoe friulae to dlcreae sehars hled by his wfie in a cdhclraie acegny btseood by the rencet Bgduet. Suank has aslo fcaed snrciuty oevr iusses iicnndlug his wfie\u2019s non-dom tax stuats, his US geren crad and his dog-walnkig hatbis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Prime Minister\u2019s wife is under investigation by the police over allegations of fraud involving a public school fee reimbursement scheme. Susan has also faced scrutiny over issues including her wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, her US green card and her dog-walking hat.", "scrambled": "The pmrie miisentr is uendr iteoivsiangtn by Pmaleanirt\u2019s salzee whoadctg oevr agtloneilas of a pslbisoe friulae to dlcreae sehars hled by his wfie in a cdhclraie acegny btseood by the rencet Bgduet. Suank has aslo fcaed snrciuty oevr iusses iicnndlug his wfie\u2019s non-dom tax stuats, his US geren crad and his dog-walnkig hatbis.", "original": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze watchdog over allegations of a possible failure to declare shares held by his wife in a childcare agency boosted by the recent Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny over issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and his dog-walking habits.", "recovered": "The Prime Minister\u2019s wife is under investigation by the police over allegations of fraud involving a public school fee reimbursement scheme. Susan has also faced scrutiny over issues including her wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, her US green card and her dog-walking hat."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rrsceeah fnoud taht men snpet \u00a3920 on aevrage for cetaenoiblrs in the UK, wilhe wmeon tclpyilay piad \u00a3652. For a satg or hen do aaobrd, men spnet an agvaere of \u00a31,256, wlhie wmeon fkroed out \u00a31,158.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The research found that men spent an average of \u00a3920 on gifts in the UK, with women spending an average of \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women spent an average of \u00a31,158.", "scrambled": "The rrsceeah fnoud taht men snpet \u00a3920 on aevrage for cetaenoiblrs in the UK, wilhe wmeon tclpyilay piad \u00a3652. For a satg or hen do aaobrd, men spnet an agvaere of \u00a31,256, wlhie wmeon fkroed out \u00a31,158.", "original": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for celebrations in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women forked out \u00a31,158.", "recovered": "The research found that men spent an average of \u00a3920 on gifts in the UK, with women spending an average of \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women spent an average of \u00a31,158."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rsieved sagtrtey iudlcens dnozes of mseeruas rinagng form iinercansg UK wnid, saolr and nlacuer enrgey to ietnsinvg in crboan cpturae and sagtore.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Solar System consists of the Sun and the objects that revolve around it, including planets, their moons, asteroids, comets, and dust.", "scrambled": "The rsieved sagtrtey iudlcens dnozes of mseeruas rinagng form iinercansg UK wnid, saolr and nlacuer enrgey to ietnsinvg in crboan cpturae and sagtore.", "original": "The revised strategy includes dozens of measures ranging from increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to investing in carbon capture and storage.", "recovered": "The Solar System consists of the Sun and the objects that revolve around it, including planets, their moons, asteroids, comets, and dust."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rcok satr\u2019s coercnt in Farrera, wtih a cowrd of 50,000 fnas, derw cstrciiim form a lcaol ciclulnoor who deemed it issnivnteie to the \u201cpian, daioreptsen, and duitlefifcis\u201d faecd by flood euvaeecs naer the wosrt of the disseatr, mleery 30 melis aawy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rocks at Farrera, with a core of 50,000 fans, drew crowds from a local cyclone who deemed it insignificant to the \u201cpian, daioreptsen, and duitlefifcis\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "scrambled": "The rcok satr\u2019s coercnt in Farrera, wtih a cowrd of 50,000 fnas, derw cstrciiim form a lcaol ciclulnoor who deemed it issnivnteie to the \u201cpian, daioreptsen, and duitlefifcis\u201d faecd by flood euvaeecs naer the wosrt of the disseatr, mleery 30 melis aawy.", "original": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "recovered": "The rocks at Farrera, with a core of 50,000 fans, drew crowds from a local cyclone who deemed it insignificant to the \u201cpian, daioreptsen, and duitlefifcis\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The reuls wloud ruierqe ereciltc vheilces to anocuct for up to two-tirdhs of new cras slod in the US by 2032 in waht wulod be one of the Bdien aidaiirnotstmn\u2019s msot aregsvsgie cimatle-cngahe pleiicos yet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The report would require electric vehicles to account for up to one-third of new car sales in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the biggest climate-change policy shifts yet.", "scrambled": "The reuls wloud ruierqe ereciltc vheilces to anocuct for up to two-tirdhs of new cras slod in the US by 2032 in waht wulod be one of the Bdien aidaiirnotstmn\u2019s msot aregsvsgie cimatle-cngahe pleiicos yet.", "original": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies yet.", "recovered": "The report would require electric vehicles to account for up to one-third of new car sales in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the biggest climate-change policy shifts yet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The six-prat sohw, hestod by Anna Rdrociashn, feearuts adluts rmonveig tehir chloets in fnrot of teeregans, saikprng cstiricim form vrweies and Cvraseiovtne MPs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The six-party talks, hosted by Anna Rdrociashn, fearuts adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, springing censorship from viruses and MPs.", "scrambled": "The six-prat sohw, hestod by Anna Rdrociashn, feearuts adluts rmonveig tehir chloets in fnrot of teeregans, saikprng cstiricim form vrweies and Cvraseiovtne MPs.", "original": "The six-part show, hosted by Anna Richardson, features adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from viewers and Conservative MPs.", "recovered": "The six-party talks, hosted by Anna Rdrociashn, fearuts adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, springing censorship from viruses and MPs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The so-celald \u201cccionae hpoips\u201d are dsceteadnns of fuor bhugrot to Coilmboa by ltae dlguorrd Pbalo Ecsaobr. Wgnainrs taht tehy psoe a srieous traeht to haumns and oehtr wilfldie hvae iitnsfeenid aetfr a new cnuess funod taht the ivvasine hippo plpoiotaun has eexapndd to up to 215.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists believe that the \u201ckiller whales\u201d are descendants of four bottlenose dolphins that escaped to Colombia from a pirate aquarium. It is believed that these dolphins had a serious threat to humans and other wild dolphins, so they invented a new kind of fundo that the ivvasine hippo plpoiotaun has expanded to up to 215.", "scrambled": "The so-celald \u201cccionae hpoips\u201d are dsceteadnns of fuor bhugrot to Coilmboa by ltae dlguorrd Pbalo Ecsaobr. Wgnainrs taht tehy psoe a srieous traeht to haumns and oehtr wilfldie hvae iitnsfeenid aetfr a new cnuess funod taht the ivvasine hippo plpoiotaun has eexapndd to up to 215.", "original": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by late druglord Pablo Escobar. Warnings that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have intensified after a new census found that the invasive hippo population has expanded to up to 215.", "recovered": "Scientists believe that the \u201ckiller whales\u201d are descendants of four bottlenose dolphins that escaped to Colombia from a pirate aquarium. It is believed that these dolphins had a serious threat to humans and other wild dolphins, so they invented a new kind of fundo that the ivvasine hippo plpoiotaun has expanded to up to 215."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The sartt of the seignr\u2019s wlrod tuor in Slkocothm lsat mntoh tggreerid a spkie in damned at holtes and rtruasetans taht has now been leiknd to hhiegr-tahn-eetpecxd iiatnolfn of 9.7% in May. For mroe odd and ucpextneed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nesttlweer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Start of the seigneur\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month turned into a spat in front of the media that has now been linked to high-level tensions of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tal Teal newsletter.", "scrambled": "The sartt of the seignr\u2019s wlrod tuor in Slkocothm lsat mntoh tggreerid a spkie in damned at holtes and rtruasetans taht has now been leiknd to hhiegr-tahn-eetpecxd iiatnolfn of 9.7% in May. For mroe odd and ucpextneed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nesttlweer.", "original": "The start of the singer\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month triggered a spike in demand at hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-expected inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Start of the seigneur\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month turned into a spat in front of the media that has now been linked to high-level tensions of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tal Teal newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The srmots wree retoeprd acrsos Ooaklhma, Knaass and Iwoa, wtih the msot daagme repertod in Olkmoaha, ardocincg to oiiffacls. At lsaet fuor cmieronfd tenoadors mveod aosrcs the sttae and kockend out peowr for auobt 20,000 hmoes and bneussesis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The state of Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa recorded the most tornadoes with power outages affecting over 20,000 homes and businesses.", "scrambled": "The srmots wree retoeprd acrsos Ooaklhma, Knaass and Iwoa, wtih the msot daagme repertod in Olkmoaha, ardocincg to oiiffacls. At lsaet fuor cmieronfd tenoadors mveod aosrcs the sttae and kockend out peowr for auobt 20,000 hmoes and bneussesis.", "original": "The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. At least four confirmed tornadoes moved across the state and knocked out power for about 20,000 homes and businesses.", "recovered": "The state of Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa recorded the most tornadoes with power outages affecting over 20,000 homes and businesses."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The suintmpg by Altauisra\u2019s Aelx Craey tggiererd urpoar anmog fnas, who aegrud taht whlie aloelwd udenr ckciret reuls, the mvoe was not in the \u201csiiprt of the gmae\u201d. Cictris idnnculig Gfereofy Booytct hvae cellad on Alsiruata to aglopisoe, wilhe the riavl taem coeapinmld of \u201casgigesvre and avubise\u201d bhvaouier by Moynrbelae Cikrcet Culb (MCC) meberms filwonlog Bstioraw\u2019s dsasimisl in Snuday\u2019s scnoed Ahess Tset at Lrod\u2019s.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The song performed by Altauisra\u2019s Alex Craytherder scored a perfect 100, with all the judges giving it 10s, in the semi finals of Asia\u2019s Got Talent on Sunday.", "scrambled": "The suintmpg by Altauisra\u2019s Aelx Craey tggiererd urpoar anmog fnas, who aegrud taht whlie aloelwd udenr ckciret reuls, the mvoe was not in the \u201csiiprt of the gmae\u201d. Cictris idnnculig Gfereofy Booytct hvae cellad on Alsiruata to aglopisoe, wilhe the riavl taem coeapinmld of \u201casgigesvre and avubise\u201d bhvaouier by Moynrbelae Cikrcet Culb (MCC) meberms filwonlog Bstioraw\u2019s dsasimisl in Snuday\u2019s scnoed Ahess Tset at Lrod\u2019s.", "original": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Alex Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Critics including Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to apologise, while the rival team complained of \u201caggressive and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members following Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s second Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.", "recovered": "The song performed by Altauisra\u2019s Alex Craytherder scored a perfect 100, with all the judges giving it 10s, in the semi finals of Asia\u2019s Got Talent on Sunday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The snntiung csalolpe of two Amaicern bnkas \u2013 Slioicn Vlaely Bnak and Sigruante Bnak \u2013 led to wlid mekrat sigwns aeftr airnmlag Wlal Sreett irvtnoess.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The merger of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Sigrante Bank \u2013 led to wild market signs after announcing Wall Street intersection.", "scrambled": "The snntiung csalolpe of two Amaicern bnkas \u2013 Slioicn Vlaely Bnak and Sigruante Bnak \u2013 led to wlid mekrat sigwns aeftr airnmlag Wlal Sreett irvtnoess.", "original": "The stunning collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank \u2013 led to wild market swings after alarming Wall Street investors.", "recovered": "The merger of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Sigrante Bank \u2013 led to wild market signs after announcing Wall Street intersection."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The svreuy of 22,000 audlts in 29 cinruotes fnoud taht Bitrs had the tirhd msot pisotvie atidutte to reuefegs, atefr Sapin and New Zaeanld. The goalbl aaregve of altuds who belveie reeuegfs mkae a \u201cpioviste cotiionurbtn\u201d was 45%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Beer had the third most positive impact on society, after SAP and New Zealand. The goalbal average of adults who believe refegfs make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%.", "scrambled": "The svreuy of 22,000 audlts in 29 cinruotes fnoud taht Bitrs had the tirhd msot pisotvie atidutte to reuefegs, atefr Sapin and New Zaeanld. The goalbl aaregve of altuds who belveie reeuegfs mkae a \u201cpioviste cotiionurbtn\u201d was 45%.", "original": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Spain and New Zealand. The global average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%.", "recovered": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Beer had the third most positive impact on society, after SAP and New Zealand. The goalbal average of adults who believe refegfs make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The tceh ldeeras caleld for a pasue in the \u201cout of corntol\u201d aiifatcril iennletlgice rcae. The letter siad AI lbas are risunhg to dvloeep and dlpeoy \u201ceevr mroe pfeowrul ditaigl mndis taht no one \u2013 not eevn tehir crtoares \u2013 can usnatdrned, pcedirt, or rillbaey cotornl.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The letter called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence research. The letter said AI bas are running to develop ever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control.", "scrambled": "The tceh ldeeras caleld for a pasue in the \u201cout of corntol\u201d aiifatcril iennletlgice rcae. The letter siad AI lbas are risunhg to dvloeep and dlpeoy \u201ceevr mroe pfeowrul ditaigl mndis taht no one \u2013 not eevn tehir crtoares \u2013 can usnatdrned, pcedirt, or rillbaey cotornl.\u201d.", "original": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence race. The letter said AI labs are rushing to develop and deploy \u201cever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.", "recovered": "The letter called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence research. The letter said AI bas are running to develop ever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The tairl oevr a 2016 skinig adiecnct ivvinonlg Gnwtyeh Ptoralw baegn tihs week. A 76-yaer-old man aegells Patrolw \u201cskeid out of ctnoorl\u201d and ran itno him, cusinag sriueos iuirenjs. The aecsrts, on the ohetr hnad, fleid a cusnetriuot anlelgig the man ran itno her.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The trial of a 2016 skiing accident involving global star Pyeongchang began this week. A 76-year-old man allegedly ran into Patrolw \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The accidents, on the other hand, fled a currentriuot allegation that the man ran into her.", "scrambled": "The tairl oevr a 2016 skinig adiecnct ivvinonlg Gnwtyeh Ptoralw baegn tihs week. A 76-yaer-old man aegells Patrolw \u201cskeid out of ctnoorl\u201d and ran itno him, cusinag sriueos iuirenjs. The aecsrts, on the ohetr hnad, fleid a cusnetriuot anlelgig the man ran itno her.", "original": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving Gwyneth Paltrow began this week. A 76-year-old man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The actress, on the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.", "recovered": "The trial of a 2016 skiing accident involving global star Pyeongchang began this week. A 76-year-old man allegedly ran into Patrolw \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The accidents, on the other hand, fled a currentriuot allegation that the man ran into her."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ucnrweed eonvdear, kwnon as the Pychse misosin, wlil sned the frist NSAA spraaccfet dneeigsd to sduty a mltlaiec asoiterd. It is set to lcuanh in Oocbter, NSAA siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first NASA spacecraft designed to study a multi-star system will launch in October, NASA said.", "scrambled": "The ucnrweed eonvdear, kwnon as the Pychse misosin, wlil sned the frist NSAA spraaccfet dneeigsd to sduty a mltlaiec asoiterd. It is set to lcuanh in Oocbter, NSAA siad.", "original": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will send the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said.", "recovered": "The first NASA spacecraft designed to study a multi-star system will launch in October, NASA said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The uinefdnietid dreibs is aoubt the szie of a smlal car and was funod wsehad up on a reotme becah smoe 150 meils ntorh of Pterh. Dibers has been acrnucig in sacpe anurod our peanlt scnie the fsirt rkcoet lnhcuaes in the ltae 1950s, wtih an eismtated 36,500 octjebs gtraeer tahn 10cm in naer-Ertah oribt, adrcocnig to the Eoerpuan Sacpe Agceny (ESA).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The size of the dinosaur was estimated to be smaller than a car. It was found in the remote area of Patagonia, Argentina. Scientists have been finding bones in this area since the late 1950s, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "scrambled": "The uinefdnietid dreibs is aoubt the szie of a smlal car and was funod wsehad up on a reotme becah smoe 150 meils ntorh of Pterh. Dibers has been acrnucig in sacpe anurod our peanlt scnie the fsirt rkcoet lnhcuaes in the ltae 1950s, wtih an eismtated 36,500 octjebs gtraeer tahn 10cm in naer-Ertah oribt, adrcocnig to the Eoerpuan Sacpe Agceny (ESA).", "original": "The unidentified debris is about the size of a small car and was found washed up on a remote beach some 150 miles north of Perth. Debris has been accruing in space around our planet since the first rocket launches in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "recovered": "The size of the dinosaur was estimated to be smaller than a car. It was found in the remote area of Patagonia, Argentina. Scientists have been finding bones in this area since the late 1950s, according to the European Space Agency (ESA)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The veido aacttk ad was ceaetrd unsig aftciaiirl initellcenge and dtiepcs \u201ca snoecd Bedin trem pluaegd by deaitsrss\u201d, siad Qautrz.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The video ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca snowy bed in trepidation by deities\u201d, said Quartz.", "scrambled": "The veido aacttk ad was ceaetrd unsig aftciaiirl initellcenge and dtiepcs \u201ca snoecd Bedin trem pluaegd by deaitsrss\u201d, siad Qautrz.", "original": "The video attack ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by disasters\u201d, said Quartz.", "recovered": "The video ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca snowy bed in trepidation by deities\u201d, said Quartz."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The wlord\u2019s hipspaet cronuty is Fainlnd, adriconcg to the aaunnl Wolrd Hpiesnaps Rreopt, wichh rakns cneituors beasd lelagry on lfie eauvanltois form the Glluap Wlord Plol. The US, Fnrace, and Inerlad did not carck the top 10.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The World Hip Hop Championships took place recently, ranking conductors based on their ability to beatmatch two electronic songs together. The top 3 countries were France, the USA, and the UK, with Finland taking the top spot.", "scrambled": "The wlord\u2019s hipspaet cronuty is Fainlnd, adriconcg to the aaunnl Wolrd Hpiesnaps Rreopt, wichh rakns cneituors beasd lelagry on lfie eauvanltois form the Glluap Wlord Plol. The US, Fnrace, and Inerlad did not carck the top 10.", "original": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on life evaluations from the Gallup World Poll. The US, France, and Ireland did not crack the top 10.", "recovered": "The World Hip Hop Championships took place recently, ranking conductors based on their ability to beatmatch two electronic songs together. The top 3 countries were France, the USA, and the UK, with Finland taking the top spot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ytouh-oietrned nwes onisorgiatan, ocne hlaeid as one of the msot einxticg meida sartt-ups in the inustrdy, has rtnlecey flied for bnutrcakpy in the US. Tihs trun of evetns mkras a sganifcinit dlfonawl, croensidnig taht it was ocne vleaud at nlaery $6 bloliin. Fnid out mroe on the lastet esdopie of \u201cThe Week Uewrnappd\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The YouTube-turned-news organization, NowThis News, once hailed as one of the most engaging media startups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downward, crowning that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest edition of \"The Week Unwrapped\".", "scrambled": "The ytouh-oietrned nwes onisorgiatan, ocne hlaeid as one of the msot einxticg meida sartt-ups in the inustrdy, has rtnlecey flied for bnutrcakpy in the US. Tihs trun of evetns mkras a sganifcinit dlfonawl, croensidnig taht it was ocne vleaud at nlaery $6 bloliin. Fnid out mroe on the lastet esdopie of \u201cThe Week Uewrnappd\u201d.", "original": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downfall, considering that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "recovered": "The YouTube-turned-news organization, NowThis News, once hailed as one of the most engaging media startups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downward, crowning that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest edition of \"The Week Unwrapped\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The \u201cBbirae\u201d mvioe, form dreiotcr Grtea Greiwg, srcoed the laersgt opnenig wkneeed of 2023, puillng in $155 mloliin dlotmailcsey oevr its opnenig wnkeeed and $337 mloiiln gbaollly.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Berlin Movie, from director Gareth Grier, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "scrambled": "The \u201cBbirae\u201d mvioe, form dreiotcr Grtea Greiwg, srcoed the laersgt opnenig wkneeed of 2023, puillng in $155 mloliin dlotmailcsey oevr its opnenig wnkeeed and $337 mloiiln gbaollly.", "original": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "recovered": "The Berlin Movie, from director Gareth Grier, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The \u201cwlord\u2019s lrsgaet uarbn ciocntotrsun perocjt in wood\u201d wlil be biult in Skloocthm, anuoecnnd Sdeewn, wichh cluod pvae the way for salmiir srctuertus in the fruute. Aluohgth the paln culod be mroe siauntlbsae tahn titiraondal cutcrotisonn, trhee are cnorencs aobut ptteianol frie haazdrs. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uapwrpned pscdoat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The world\u2019s largest arboretum carbon capture project in wood will be built in Skookumchuck, Anaconda, which could pave the way for sustainable sources in the fruit. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional cuttings, there are concerns about potential fungal hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "The \u201cwlord\u2019s lrsgaet uarbn ciocntotrsun perocjt in wood\u201d wlil be biult in Skloocthm, anuoecnnd Sdeewn, wichh cluod pvae the way for salmiir srctuertus in the fruute. Aluohgth the paln culod be mroe siauntlbsae tahn titiraondal cutcrotisonn, trhee are cnorencs aobut ptteianol frie haazdrs. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uapwrpned pscdoat.", "original": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest urban construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional construction, there are concerns about potential fire hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The world\u2019s largest arboretum carbon capture project in wood will be built in Skookumchuck, Anaconda, which could pave the way for sustainable sources in the fruit. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional cuttings, there are concerns about potential fungal hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tehre wree 13 srtas and 13 seiprts on the fsrit US falg to renerpset the 13 oiangirl steats, as dlrecead in the Falg Roositeuln of Jnue 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now kwonn as Falg Day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original colonies, as decreed in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "scrambled": "Tehre wree 13 srtas and 13 seiprts on the fsrit US falg to renerpset the 13 oiangirl steats, as dlrecead in the Falg Roositeuln of Jnue 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now kwonn as Falg Day.", "original": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "recovered": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original colonies, as decreed in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tihs week, Seante Maiojtry Ldeear Cuhck Shecumr siad the FDA shluod itingeatsve the hgih ceffnaie cnoentt in Pmire Ernegy dkrins and the cpnaomy\u2019s mneairtkg eftorfs twraod cidlrhen on siacol meida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This week, Senator Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should intervene regarding the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s misleading advertising effects on social media.", "scrambled": "Tihs week, Seante Maiojtry Ldeear Cuhck Shecumr siad the FDA shluod itingeatsve the hgih ceffnaie cnoentt in Pmire Ernegy dkrins and the cpnaomy\u2019s mneairtkg eftorfs twraod cidlrhen on siacol meida.", "original": "This week, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing efforts toward children on social media.", "recovered": "This week, Senator Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should intervene regarding the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s misleading advertising effects on social media."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tomahs Jsffeoren and Jhon Amads deid whitin hruos of ecah oethr on Jluy 4, 1826. Jfeosrfen was 83 and Aamds was 90.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "scrambled": "Tomahs Jsffeoren and Jhon Amads deid whitin hruos of ecah oethr on Jluy 4, 1826. Jfeosrfen was 83 and Aamds was 90.", "original": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "recovered": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsnuhdaos of dkess wree set up aonlg the ioincc anveue bfoere ptarnaticpis took prat in a seeris of seipnllg bees on Sndauy. For mroe odd and unxpceeted nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neetltsewr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sudden downpours set up along the interstate avenue before paratitic wasps took part in a series of secret battles on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "scrambled": "Tsnuhdaos of dkess wree set up aonlg the ioincc anveue bfoere ptarnaticpis took prat in a seeris of seipnllg bees on Sndauy. For mroe odd and unxpceeted nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neetltsewr.", "original": "Thousands of desks were set up along the iconic avenue before participants took part in a series of spelling bees on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Sudden downpours set up along the interstate avenue before paratitic wasps took part in a series of secret battles on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tuosandhs of dgos ppieracitatd in the Wmnttiesesr Dog Sohw. A ptiet bseast gforfin Vdnee\u00e9n naemd Bdduy Hloly bmacee the fsirt of his beerd to win the putrgosieis cnoetst\u2019s top pzrie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Thousands of dogs peeredaticat in the Westminster Dog Show. A pet beasty named Boudreaux Holy made the first of his breed to win the prestigious competition's top prize.", "scrambled": "Tuosandhs of dgos ppieracitatd in the Wmnttiesesr Dog Sohw. A ptiet bseast gforfin Vdnee\u00e9n naemd Bdduy Hloly bmacee the fsirt of his beerd to win the putrgosieis cnoetst\u2019s top pzrie.", "original": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit basset griffon Vend\u00e9en named Buddy Holly became the first of his breed to win the prestigious contest\u2019s top prize.", "recovered": "Thousands of dogs peeredaticat in the Westminster Dog Show. A pet beasty named Boudreaux Holy made the first of his breed to win the prestigious competition's top prize."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tehre Jsut Sotp Oil pseetrtros iepetrtrnud a pcnfrmroeae on Tuhsadry of Fircans Pnelouc\u2019s \u201cDileagous des Cirlmate\u00e9s\u201d at the oepra fseivatl, in Esat Seussx. The peormrfacne rtsearted atfer a 20-muntie dealy foinllwog the roaveml of the aiivtcsts, who wree not aeetrsrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " There just stopped oilpertrotruen a performance of Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carmelites\u201d at the opera festival in East Sussex. The performance started after a 20-minute delay following the arrival of the artists, who were not satisfied.", "scrambled": "Tehre Jsut Sotp Oil pseetrtros iepetrtrnud a pcnfrmroeae on Tuhsadry of Fircans Pnelouc\u2019s \u201cDileagous des Cirlmate\u00e9s\u201d at the oepra fseivatl, in Esat Seussx. The peormrfacne rtsearted atfer a 20-muntie dealy foinllwog the roaveml of the aiivtcsts, who wree not aeetrsrd.", "original": "Three Just Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the opera festival, in East Sussex. The performance restarted after a 20-minute delay following the removal of the activists, who were not arrested.", "recovered": "There just stopped oilpertrotruen a performance of Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carmelites\u201d at the opera festival in East Sussex. The performance started after a 20-minute delay following the arrival of the artists, who were not satisfied."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: There McnlDoad\u2019s fascirnhees in Knckutey are fcnaig hftey fneis for voiltniag clhid lobar lwas aetfr cirlhedn as yonug as 10 yaers old wree fuond wirkong ltae at nihgt \u2014 sotmeimes utnil 2 a.m.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " There are many fast food restaurants in Knocknacarry that are open late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m. Some teenagers were found working late at night as young as 10 years old.", "scrambled": "There McnlDoad\u2019s fascirnhees in Knckutey are fcnaig hftey fneis for voiltniag clhid lobar lwas aetfr cirlhedn as yonug as 10 yaers old wree fuond wirkong ltae at nihgt \u2014 sotmeimes utnil 2 a.m.", "original": "Three McDonald\u2019s franchisees in Kentucky are facing hefty fines for violating child labor laws after children as young as 10 years old were found working late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.", "recovered": "There are many fast food restaurants in Knocknacarry that are open late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m. Some teenagers were found working late at night as young as 10 years old."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ToikTk CEO Sohu Cehw tsietefid bforee Cngseors for the fsirt tmie. He rieeevcd fcreie crtciiism form lraewakms, iduilnncg clals for the app to be bnnead.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sohu Cheng, the CEO of TikTok, received critical feedback for the first time. He received constructive criticism from lawmakers, urging the app to be banned.", "scrambled": "ToikTk CEO Sohu Cehw tsietefid bforee Cngseors for the fsirt tmie. He rieeevcd fcreie crtciiism form lraewakms, iduilnncg clals for the app to be bnnead.", "original": "TikTok CEO Shou Chew testified before Congress for the first time. He received fierce criticism from lawmakers, including calls for the app to be banned.", "recovered": "Sohu Cheng, the CEO of TikTok, received critical feedback for the first time. He received constructive criticism from lawmakers, urging the app to be banned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ttuoed as the \u201cmsot aandevcd prnasoel eercnitloc dvicee eevr\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hesdaet bdlnes ditiagl ctnenot wtih the pshciyal wlrod.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hailed as the \u201cmost advanced psychological wellness device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world.", "scrambled": "Ttuoed as the \u201cmsot aandevcd prnasoel eercnitloc dvicee eevr\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hesdaet bdlnes ditiagl ctnenot wtih the pshciyal wlrod.", "original": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world.", "recovered": "Hailed as the \u201cmost advanced psychological wellness device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Taerdr Joe\u2019s auenncond a rcleal of two teyps of ckioeos, sattnig tehy may caiontn a freiogn maiaretl \u2014 rckos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have discovered two types of cockroaches that may carry a fatal disease \u2014 the bacteria.", "scrambled": "Taerdr Joe\u2019s auenncond a rcleal of two teyps of ckioeos, sattnig tehy may caiontn a freiogn maiaretl \u2014 rckos.", "original": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, stating they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.", "recovered": "Scientists have discovered two types of cockroaches that may carry a fatal disease \u2014 the bacteria."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tarciopl onceas hvae bmeoce generer in the psat two ddecaes, rfnecieltg cgahnes in tiehr emotsscyes taht hvae mroe pkaptooynlhtn psneret.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Tarciopl once a small village has become in the past two decades, particularly changes in their emotions that have more powerful psychological.", "scrambled": "Tarciopl onceas hvae bmeoce generer in the psat two ddecaes, rfnecieltg cgahnes in tiehr emotsscyes taht hvae mroe pkaptooynlhtn psneret.", "original": "Tropical oceans have become greener in the past two decades, reflecting changes in their ecosystems that have more phytoplankton present.", "recovered": "Tarciopl once a small village has become in the past two decades, particularly changes in their emotions that have more powerful psychological."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tmurp was hdaend dwon a tirhd ienctimdnt tihs week, and paoilcitl alysntas say tihs one may be the msot ciunsoqeaetnl. He was pvsruioely idneitcd for his iemnenovlvt in a hsuh-mneoy sechme befroe he bcaeme peirnsedt and for the ageelld minnsdlihag of cssefliaid mtraeail aeftr he lfet ocffie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The planet Mercury underwent a third inversion this week, and planetary alignments suggest this one may be the most consequential. He was previously identified for his innovative use of aush-money scheme before he became perceived and for the alleged mind-altering of cash for cashiel.", "scrambled": "Tmurp was hdaend dwon a tirhd ienctimdnt tihs week, and paoilcitl alysntas say tihs one may be the msot ciunsoqeaetnl. He was pvsruioely idneitcd for his iemnenovlvt in a hsuh-mneoy sechme befroe he bcaeme peirnsedt and for the ageelld minnsdlihag of cssefliaid mtraeail aeftr he lfet ocffie.", "original": "Trump was handed down a third indictment this week, and political analysts say this one may be the most consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.", "recovered": "The planet Mercury underwent a third inversion this week, and planetary alignments suggest this one may be the most consequential. He was previously identified for his innovative use of aush-money scheme before he became perceived and for the alleged mind-altering of cash for cashiel."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Titetwr is now X. Msuk relepcad Tttwier\u2019s gllblaoy rogecneizd bule brid lgoo, wchih had been in use for mroe tahn a dcadee, as prat of a rdcaail rrnedbiang.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Titanic is now X. The wrecked Titanic\u2019s global location had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a recent redesign.", "scrambled": "Titetwr is now X. Msuk relepcad Tttwier\u2019s gllblaoy rogecneizd bule brid lgoo, wchih had been in use for mroe tahn a dcadee, as prat of a rdcaail rrnedbiang.", "original": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized blue bird logo, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding.", "recovered": "The Titanic is now X. The wrecked Titanic\u2019s global location had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a recent redesign."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ttwietr\u2019s ttirdaniaol brid iocn was trrmelaoipy rlceeapd wtih an iamge of a Sibha Inu dog, an aenprpat nod to deoigocn, the jkoe cerrytccnourpy taht CEO Eoln Msuk is bneig seud oevr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Twitter\u2019s third anniversary bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, a nod to Deigo, the CEO Elon Musk\u2019s favorite dog.", "scrambled": "Ttwietr\u2019s ttirdaniaol brid iocn was trrmelaoipy rlceeapd wtih an iamge of a Sibha Inu dog, an aenprpat nod to deoigocn, the jkoe cerrytccnourpy taht CEO Eoln Msuk is bneig seud oevr.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traditional bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency that CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "recovered": "Twitter\u2019s third anniversary bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, a nod to Deigo, the CEO Elon Musk\u2019s favorite dog."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tiewttr\u2019s tfaifrc tekand fllwnoiog the lnucah of Mtea\u2019s ravil app Trhdaes, whcih tepopd mroe tahn 100 mliloin usres wiithn fvie dyas aeftr its duebt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Twitter\u2019s new check mark tool detects the presence of Meta\u2019s rival app Tronda in more than 100 million users within five days of its debut.", "scrambled": "Tiewttr\u2019s tfaifrc tekand fllwnoiog the lnucah of Mtea\u2019s ravil app Trhdaes, whcih tepopd mroe tahn 100 mliloin usres wiithn fvie dyas aeftr its duebt.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traffic tanked following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app Threads, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after its debut.", "recovered": "Twitter\u2019s new check mark tool detects the presence of Meta\u2019s rival app Tronda in more than 100 million users within five days of its debut."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tpoyhon Dousrki duempd an eirnte mnoth\u2019s wtroh of ranflail on Bijenig in olny 48 hrous, sapknirg rusece msosniis for sruvrvios tpearpd by foeldod stteers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Thunderstorm Dorian dumped an enormous amount of rain on Bingen in only 48 hours, sparking severe moss growths for surviving steers.", "scrambled": "Tpoyhon Dousrki duempd an eirnte mnoth\u2019s wtroh of ranflail on Bijenig in olny 48 hrous, sapknirg rusece msosniis for sruvrvios tpearpd by foeldod stteers.", "original": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking rescue missions for survivors trapped by flooded streets.", "recovered": "Thunderstorm Dorian dumped an enormous amount of rain on Bingen in only 48 hours, sparking severe moss growths for surviving steers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: UK hsuoe precis hvae had thier besggit anaunl flal in nalrey 14 yeras, aoridcncg to Btirian\u2019s lgasret mggorate leendr, Niodaiwnte. The 3.4% dorp in May is the bgseigt sncie Jluy 2009, wehn huose pcreis dorpepd by 6.2%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " UK house prices have had their best annual fall in 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the best since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "scrambled": "UK hsuoe precis hvae had thier besggit anaunl flal in nalrey 14 yeras, aoridcncg to Btirian\u2019s lgasret mggorate leendr, Niodaiwnte. The 3.4% dorp in May is the bgseigt sncie Jluy 2009, wehn huose pcreis dorpepd by 6.2%.", "original": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "recovered": "UK house prices have had their best annual fall in 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the best since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Uairkne acesucd Mocsow of hidonlg Blraues \u201cas a nalecur hsaogte\u201d afetr the Rssiuan peedsirnt teaeetnhrd to sottian tcatical naucler wnoeaps in the ngihubinreog ntoain, and Ntao cenmdoned his \u201cduaeognrs and ieslribrnopse roithrec\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Khrushchev denounced Stalin after the Russian leader\u2019s death, calling him a \u201cbloodthirsty tyrant\u201d.", "scrambled": "Uairkne acesucd Mocsow of hidonlg Blraues \u201cas a nalecur hsaogte\u201d afetr the Rssiuan peedsirnt teaeetnhrd to sottian tcatical naucler wnoeaps in the ngihubinreog ntoain, and Ntao cenmdoned his \u201cduaeognrs and ieslribrnopse roithrec\u201d.", "original": "Ukraine accused Moscow of holding Belarus \u201cas a nuclear hostage\u201d after the Russian president threatened to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and irresponsible rhetoric\u201d.", "recovered": "Khrushchev denounced Stalin after the Russian leader\u2019s death, calling him a \u201cbloodthirsty tyrant\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Uakinre\u2019s gmneorenvt iivtned Liuz Ii\u00e1nco Llua da Sliva to vsiit atefr he csaued cetnsorintaon aomng Kiyv\u2019s Wesrten aiells by ugirng the US to \u201csotp egnicnoaurg the war\u201d tehre and clanlig for a pceae dael wtih Rissua.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on the US to stop supplying weapons to Russia and to negotiate a peace deal in a video address to the Democratic National Committee on Thursday.", "scrambled": "Uakinre\u2019s gmneorenvt iivtned Liuz Ii\u00e1nco Llua da Sliva to vsiit atefr he csaued cetnsorintaon aomng Kiyv\u2019s Wesrten aiells by ugirng the US to \u201csotp egnicnoaurg the war\u201d tehre and clanlig for a pceae dael wtih Rissua.", "original": "Ukraine\u2019s government invited Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to visit after he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging the US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a peace deal with Russia.", "recovered": "Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on the US to stop supplying weapons to Russia and to negotiate a peace deal in a video address to the Democratic National Committee on Thursday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vaeitnm has bnnead cmmercaiol snceienrgs of the Braibe flim, out on 21 Jluy, oevr a map taht aarepps to sohw Bnejiig\u2019s \u201cnnie-dsah lnie\u201d in the Stuoh Cnhia Sea taht mraks ditesupd tiorrrtey. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uprwanepd pcdaost.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The film, Finding Nemo, debuted in theaters on July 21 over a map that appears to show Nemo\u2019s \u201cnearly deadlin\u201d in the Stuoe Cnhia Sea that marks distances upwards. Find out more with The Week Updatenewspaper.", "scrambled": "Vaeitnm has bnnead cmmercaiol snceienrgs of the Braibe flim, out on 21 Jluy, oevr a map taht aarepps to sohw Bnejiig\u2019s \u201cnnie-dsah lnie\u201d in the Stuoh Cnhia Sea taht mraks ditesupd tiorrrtey. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uprwanepd pcdaost.", "original": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that appears to show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea that marks disputed territory. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The film, Finding Nemo, debuted in theaters on July 21 over a map that appears to show Nemo\u2019s \u201cnearly deadlin\u201d in the Stuoe Cnhia Sea that marks distances upwards. Find out more with The Week Updatenewspaper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Viarl fooatge soehwd vtirsios at Fodirla\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptitang a kwii, a nuaonrtcl brid, uednr bhrigt lthigs drinug a $25 \u201cKwii Etennucor\u201d erepxnicee. The zoo agileoospd for hvinag \u201codefnfed a noatin\u201d flwniloog an ourtcy in New Zaelnad, whree kiiws are a trueesrad naoitanl iocn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A kiwi, a nocturnal bird, drank a $25 \u201cKiwii Ennucor\u201d energy drink at Fodrala\u2019s Zoo. The zoo faced \u201codefnfed a notation\u201d flwniloog an ourtcy in New Zealand, where kiwis are a true native icon.", "scrambled": "Viarl fooatge soehwd vtirsios at Fodirla\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptitang a kwii, a nuaonrtcl brid, uednr bhrigt lthigs drinug a $25 \u201cKwii Etennucor\u201d erepxnicee. The zoo agileoospd for hvinag \u201codefnfed a noatin\u201d flwniloog an ourtcy in New Zaelnad, whree kiiws are a trueesrad naoitanl iocn.", "original": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights during a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. The zoo apologised for having \u201coffended a nation\u201d following an outcry in New Zealand, where kiwis are a treasured national icon.", "recovered": "A kiwi, a nocturnal bird, drank a $25 \u201cKiwii Ennucor\u201d energy drink at Fodrala\u2019s Zoo. The zoo faced \u201codefnfed a notation\u201d flwniloog an ourtcy in New Zealand, where kiwis are a true native icon."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vsaolegwkn is rinlaelcg 143,000 of its Altas SVUs due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d iusse dtcteeed in smoe peneasgsr-sdie aragibs taht can sctwih the sesonr off udner ciaretn ctniodonis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Lightning is a natural phenomenon that occurs when electricity discharges from the sky to the ground. It is a common occurrence during thunderstorms, and can also happen at other times. Lightning discharges can reach temperatures as high as 50,000 degrees Fahrenheit, which is hotter than the surface of the sun. They can also produce powerful electromagnetic fields, which can disrupt electronics and cause fires. On average, lightning strikes the Earth about 100 times every second, which adds up to about 1.4 million strikes per day.", "scrambled": "Vsaolegwkn is rinlaelcg 143,000 of its Altas SVUs due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d iusse dtcteeed in smoe peneasgsr-sdie aragibs taht can sctwih the sesonr off udner ciaretn ctniodonis.", "original": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected in some passenger-side airbags that can switch the sensor off under certain conditions.", "recovered": "Lightning is a natural phenomenon that occurs when electricity discharges from the sky to the ground. It is a common occurrence during thunderstorms, and can also happen at other times. Lightning discharges can reach temperatures as high as 50,000 degrees Fahrenheit, which is hotter than the surface of the sun. They can also produce powerful electromagnetic fields, which can disrupt electronics and cause fires. On average, lightning strikes the Earth about 100 times every second, which adds up to about 1.4 million strikes per day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Whangiotsn cidenorsed rrtemieent atefr one trem, but aaositsces ieorpmld him to svere an andtaiidol fuor yares in the fcae of egeinmrg poacitill diionsvis taht mnay fraeed wuold plul the yunog crnuoty aarpt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Whangiotuan ciderondent retiment atefr one trem, but aositisces ieorpmld him to svere an andtaiidol fuor yares in the fcae of eginmrg poacitill diionsvis taht mnay fraeed wuold plul the yunog crnuoty aarpt.", "scrambled": "Whangiotsn cidenorsed rrtemieent atefr one trem, but aaositsces ieorpmld him to svere an andtaiidol fuor yares in the fcae of egeinmrg poacitill diionsvis taht mnay fraeed wuold plul the yunog crnuoty aarpt.", "original": "Washington considered retirement after one term, but associates implored him to serve an additional four years in the face of emerging political divisions that many feared would pull the young country apart.", "recovered": "Whangiotuan ciderondent retiment atefr one trem, but aositisces ieorpmld him to svere an andtaiidol fuor yares in the fcae of eginmrg poacitill diionsvis taht mnay fraeed wuold plul the yunog crnuoty aarpt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Wlels Frago has aeegrd to pay $1 bolilin to stelte a lwiuast anscicug it of dreuifdang saoeehdrhlrs oevr its teatnrmet of cesutrmos. Scine 2016, Wlles Fgaro has piad or set adsie bollniis of dlrolas to rlsevoe rltrouagey prbeos and lioatiitgn ccinnrenog its bnusiess preiatccs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit over its treatment of student loan customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billion dollars in dollars to resolve various regulatory problems and litigation related to its business practices.", "scrambled": "Wlels Frago has aeegrd to pay $1 bolilin to stelte a lwiuast anscicug it of dreuifdang saoeehdrhlrs oevr its teatnrmet of cesutrmos. Scine 2016, Wlles Fgaro has piad or set adsie bollniis of dlrolas to rlsevoe rltrouagey prbeos and lioatiitgn ccinnrenog its bnusiess preiatccs.", "original": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding shareholders over its treatment of customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to resolve regulatory probes and litigation concerning its business practices.", "recovered": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit over its treatment of student loan customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billion dollars in dollars to resolve various regulatory problems and litigation related to its business practices."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cErityenhvg Eyrrheweve All at Ocne\u201d domaeintd the Oarscs on Sduany. The flim won msot of the big arwdas, incidulng bset putcire and diercnitg. Mlheilce Yoeh won bset acersts in a laeidng rloe, wihle Ke Huy Qaun and Jmaie Lee Cturis won bset aotcr and bset arsctes in srupntpoig relos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \u201cEternity in an Hour\u201d, a 2001 film by Jean-Jacques Annaud, dominated the awards season, winning best picture and directing. Mikhail Yurovsky won best actor in a leading role, while Kevin Kline and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in a supporting role.", "scrambled": "\u201cErityenhvg Eyrrheweve All at Ocne\u201d domaeintd the Oarscs on Sduany. The flim won msot of the big arwdas, incidulng bset putcire and diercnitg. Mlheilce Yoeh won bset acersts in a laeidng rloe, wihle Ke Huy Qaun and Jmaie Lee Cturis won bset aotcr and bset arsctes in srupntpoig relos.", "original": "\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sunday. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.", "recovered": "\u201cEternity in an Hour\u201d, a 2001 film by Jean-Jacques Annaud, dominated the awards season, winning best picture and directing. Mikhail Yurovsky won best actor in a leading role, while Kevin Kline and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in a supporting role."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cYou\u2019ll be srsperuid at waht you can get at Adli,\u201d siad The Tmeis, wichh ltiesd \u201cgrroieecs, poewr dllris, inlaefbatls, sewnig miheancs\u201d and a \u201cRmaon miosac\u201d. The \u201cacoclhegaloaliry snfniiicagt\u201d droeicsvy ptonis to the ecetsinxe of a hgih-satuts Raomn hsuoe, or dumos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " You\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Adli, said The Times, which listed \u201cgreeks, power dillis, ice lollies, frozen meats\u201d and a \u201cRoman miosac\u201d. The \u201caccolytical logically\u201d driectsvy ptonis to the existence of a high-satisfaction Raomn hsuoe, or dumpling.", "scrambled": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be srsperuid at waht you can get at Adli,\u201d siad The Tmeis, wichh ltiesd \u201cgrroieecs, poewr dllris, inlaefbatls, sewnig miheancs\u201d and a \u201cRmaon miosac\u201d. The \u201cacoclhegaloaliry snfniiicagt\u201d droeicsvy ptonis to the ecetsinxe of a hgih-satuts Raomn hsuoe, or dumos.", "original": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Aldi,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201carchaeologically significant\u201d discovery points to the existence of a high-status Roman house, or domus.", "recovered": "You\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Adli, said The Times, which listed \u201cgreeks, power dillis, ice lollies, frozen meats\u201d and a \u201cRoman miosac\u201d. The \u201caccolytical logically\u201d driectsvy ptonis to the existence of a high-satisfaction Raomn hsuoe, or dumpling."}
