{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A Gberer bbay fmlroua was ditrsiutbed to streos dsteipe a rcalel oevr pbiolsse coaiinmtoatnn, aciorcdng to the FDA. The capomny is einuoangrcg pntares to cechk any ptucrdos tehy hvae at hmoe and drsiacd tshoe taht may be aftcfeed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A Gberer bbay fmlroua was ditrsiutbed to streos dsteipe a rcalel oevr pbiolsse coaiinmtoatnn, aciorcdng to the FDA. The capomny is einuoangrcg pntares to cechk any ptucrdos tehy hvae at hmoe and drsiacd tshoe taht may be aftcfeed. Scrambled sentence: A Gberer bbay fmlroua was ditrsiutbed to streos dsteipe a rcalel oevr pbiolsse coaiinmtoatnn, aciorcdng to the FDA. The capomny is einuoangrcg pntares to cechk any ptucr", "scrambled": "A Gberer bbay fmlroua was ditrsiutbed to streos dsteipe a rcalel oevr pbiolsse coaiinmtoatnn, aciorcdng to the FDA. The capomny is einuoangrcg pntares to cechk any ptucrdos tehy hvae at hmoe and drsiacd tshoe taht may be aftcfeed.", "original": "A Gerber baby formula was distributed to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard those that may be affected.", "recovered": "A Gberer bbay fmlroua was ditrsiutbed to streos dsteipe a rcalel oevr pbiolsse coaiinmtoatnn, aciorcdng to the FDA. The capomny is einuoangrcg pntares to cechk any ptucrdos tehy hvae at hmoe and drsiacd tshoe taht may be aftcfeed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A clhid in Manie has tteesd pvoitsie for meseals, satte heltah ofliicafs siad. Wlhie the vuris was derlaecd eiilamentd mroe tahn two daeceds ago, hleath oafiflics say vtaionccain reats in the US hvae dpoerpd in rnecet yreas, skpirnag new okrtbueas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A clhid in Manie has tteesd pvoitsie for meseals, satte heltah ofliicafs siad. Wlhie the vuris was derlaecd eiilamentd eiilamentd mroe than two daeceds ago, hleath oafiflics say vtaionccain reats in the US hvae dpoerpd in rnecet yreas, skpirnag new okrtbueas. Scrambled sentence: A clhid in Manie has tteesd pvoitsie for meseals, satte heltah ofliicafs siad. Wlhie the vuris was derlaecd eiilamentd eiilamentd mroe than two daeceds ago, h", "scrambled": "A clhid in Manie has tteesd pvoitsie for meseals, satte heltah ofliicafs siad. Wlhie the vuris was derlaecd eiilamentd mroe tahn two daeceds ago, hleath oafiflics say vtaionccain reats in the US hvae dpoerpd in rnecet yreas, skpirnag new okrtbueas.", "original": "A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "recovered": "A clhid in Manie has tteesd pvoitsie for meseals, satte heltah ofliicafs siad. Wlhie the vuris was derlaecd eiilamentd eiilamentd mroe than two daeceds ago, hleath oafiflics say vtaionccain reats in the US hvae dpoerpd in rnecet yreas, skpirnag new okrtbueas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ctoaclohe sutuclpre wngiiehg mroe tahn 50 pudons was uvnieeld by a cnicoofnrteey brnad to mrak Knig Cerhlas III\u2019s cnooiortan on May 6 in Lodonn\u2019s Wmsiesnettr Aebby.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A ctoaclohe suituclpre wngiiehg more than 50 pudons was uvnieeld by a cnicoofnrteey brnad to mrak Knig Cerhlas III\u2019s cnooiortan on May 6 in Lodonn\u2019s Wmsiesnettr Aebby. Scrambled sentence: A ctoaclohe sutuclpre wngiiehg mroe tahn 50 pudons was uvnieeld by a cnicoofnrteey brnad to mrak Knig Cerhlas III\u2019s cnooiortan on May 6 in Lodonn\u2019s Wmsiesnettr Aebby. Scrambled sentence: A ctoaclohe sutuclpre wngiiehg mroe tahn 50 pudons was uvnieeld by a", "scrambled": "A ctoaclohe sutuclpre wngiiehg mroe tahn 50 pudons was uvnieeld by a cnicoofnrteey brnad to mrak Knig Cerhlas III\u2019s cnooiortan on May 6 in Lodonn\u2019s Wmsiesnettr Aebby.", "original": "A chocolate sculpture weighing more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand to mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "recovered": "A ctoaclohe suituclpre wngiiehg more than 50 pudons was uvnieeld by a cnicoofnrteey brnad to mrak Knig Cerhlas III\u2019s cnooiortan on May 6 in Lodonn\u2019s Wmsiesnettr Aebby."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A canre colspaeld Wseanddey in New Yrok Ctiy wlhie the orteapor was ltnfiig aubot 16 tnos of cctroene, oifafclis siad. Daaitmrc veido soehwd fealms and skmoe rsinig form the canre boerfe its boom flel, hinttig a biildnug ascors the seetrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A canre colspaeld Weseanddey in New Yrok Ctiy wlhie the orteapor was ltnfiig aubot 16 tnos of cctroene, oifafclis siad. Daaitmrc veido soehwd fealms and skmoe rsinig form the canre boerfe its boom flel, hinttig a biildnug ascors the seetrt. Scrambled sentence: A canre colspaeld Weseanddey in New Yrok Ctiy wlhie the orteapor was ltnfiig aubot 16 tnos of cctroene, oifafclis siad. Daaitmrc veido soehwd fealms and skmoe rsinig form the canre boerfe its boom flel, hinttig", "scrambled": "A canre colspaeld Wseanddey in New Yrok Ctiy wlhie the orteapor was ltnfiig aubot 16 tnos of cctroene, oifafclis siad. Daaitmrc veido soehwd fealms and skmoe rsinig form the canre boerfe its boom flel, hinttig a biildnug ascors the seetrt.", "original": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York City while the operator was lifting about 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames and smoke rising from the crane before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.", "recovered": "A canre colspaeld Weseanddey in New Yrok Ctiy wlhie the orteapor was ltnfiig aubot 16 tnos of cctroene, oifafclis siad. Daaitmrc veido soehwd fealms and skmoe rsinig form the canre boerfe its boom flel, hinttig a biildnug ascors the seetrt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ddlaey tiran casrh in Iinda has reewned cllas for aoriiteuhts to cnofornt seftay isesus in a rwlaiay seytsm taht trtaposrns mroe tahn 13 mliolin psgearsnes ervey day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A ddlaey tiran casrh in Iinda has reewned cllas for aoriiteuhts to cnofornt seftay isesus in a rwlaiay seytsm taht trtaposrns mroe tahn 13 mliolin psgearsnes ervey day. Scrambled sentence: A ddlaey tiran casrh in Iinda has reewned cllas for aoriiteuhts to cnofornt seftay isesus in a rwlaiay seytsm taht trtaposrns mroe tahn 13 mliolin psgearsnes ervey day. Scrambled sentence: A ddlaey tiran casrh in Iin", "scrambled": "A ddlaey tiran casrh in Iinda has reewned cllas for aoriiteuhts to cnofornt seftay isesus in a rwlaiay seytsm taht trtaposrns mroe tahn 13 mliolin psgearsnes ervey day.", "original": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to confront safety issues in a railway system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.", "recovered": "A ddlaey tiran casrh in Iinda has reewned cllas for aoriiteuhts to cnofornt seftay isesus in a rwlaiay seytsm taht trtaposrns mroe tahn 13 mliolin psgearsnes ervey day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ganit, skitny saeweed bolb is hadeed to Folirda. It\u2019s etpecxed to bmoece penrlevat on bcheeas in Jluy, pintaollety trneaehintg to put a depamr on the smemur tuiosrt saosen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A ganit, skitny saeweed bolb is hadeed to Folirda. It\u2019s etpecxed to bmoece penrlevat on bcheeas in Jluy, pintaollety trneaehintg to put a depamr on the smemur tuiosrt saosen. Scrambled sentence: A ganit, skitny saeweed bolb is hadeed to Folirda. It\u2019s etpecxed to bmoece penrlevat on bcheeas in Jluy, pintaollety trneaehintg to put a depamr on the smemur tuiosrt saosen. Scrambled sentence: A ganit, skitny saeweed bolb is hadeed to Folirda.", "scrambled": "A ganit, skitny saeweed bolb is hadeed to Folirda. It\u2019s etpecxed to bmoece penrlevat on bcheeas in Jluy, pintaollety trneaehintg to put a depamr on the smemur tuiosrt saosen.", "original": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is headed to Florida. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, potentially threatening to put a damper on the summer tourist season.", "recovered": "A ganit, skitny saeweed bolb is hadeed to Folirda. It\u2019s etpecxed to bmoece penrlevat on bcheeas in Jluy, pintaollety trneaehintg to put a depamr on the smemur tuiosrt saosen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A golabl sduty by rrhrsaeeecs at Oforxd Utrvnseiiy\u2019s Rtreeus Isnitttue funod taht wliordwde, 48% of peploe wree vrey or eelrtexmy ietntersed in the nwes \u2013 dwon form 63% in 2017. The poirptroon was eevn leowr in the UK, as audeicens \u201ccut bcak on drepisesng nwes\u201d to pcrtoet tiher metnal htealh, siad the sduty aurthos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A golabl sduty by rrhrsaeeecs at Oforxd Utrvnseiiy\u2019s Rtreeus Isnitttue funod taht wliordwde, 48% of peploe wree vrey or eelrtexmy ietntersed in the nwes \u2013 dwon form 63% in 2017. The poirptroon was eevn leowr in the UK, as audeicens \u201ccut bcak on drepisesng nwes\u201d to pcrtoet tiher metnal htealh, siad the sduty aurthos. Scrambled sentence: A golabl sduty by rrhrsaeeecs at Oforxd Utrvnseiiy\u2019s Rtreeus Isnitttue funod taht wli", "scrambled": "A golabl sduty by rrhrsaeeecs at Oforxd Utrvnseiiy\u2019s Rtreeus Isnitttue funod taht wliordwde, 48% of peploe wree vrey or eelrtexmy ietntersed in the nwes \u2013 dwon form 63% in 2017. The poirptroon was eevn leowr in the UK, as audeicens \u201ccut bcak on drepisesng nwes\u201d to pcrtoet tiher metnal htealh, siad the sduty aurthos.", "original": "A global study by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.", "recovered": "A golabl sduty by rrhrsaeeecs at Oforxd Utrvnseiiy\u2019s Rtreeus Isnitttue funod taht wliordwde, 48% of peploe wree vrey or eelrtexmy ietntersed in the nwes \u2013 dwon form 63% in 2017. The poirptroon was eevn leowr in the UK, as audeicens \u201ccut bcak on drepisesng nwes\u201d to pcrtoet tiher metnal htealh, siad the sduty aurthos."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A hgih of 38.8C was rerdecod in the Aaundaisln ctiy on Tusadrhy, as hot air senwpeig itno Sapin form Ntorh Acfira tihs week retusls in tuareepmrtes up to 15C wmearr tahn eeetxpcd for Aripl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Adelaide city on Tuesday, as hot air sent from North America this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for Australia. Scrambled sentence: A hgih of 38.8C was rerdecod in the Aaundaisln ctiy on Tusadrhy, as hot air senwpeig itno Sapin from Ntorh Acfira tihs week retussls in tuareepmrtes up to 15C wmearrr tahn eeetxpcd for Aripl. Recovered sentence: A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Adelaide city on Tuesday, as hot air sent from North America this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for Australia. Scrambled sentence: A hgih of 38.8C was rerdecod in the Aaundaisln ctiy on Tusadrhy, as hot air senw", "scrambled": "A hgih of 38.8C was rerdecod in the Aaundaisln ctiy on Tusadrhy, as hot air senwpeig itno Sapin form Ntorh Acfira tihs week retusls in tuareepmrtes up to 15C wmearr tahn eeetxpcd for Aripl.", "original": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Andalusian city on Thursday, as hot air sweeping into Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April.", "recovered": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Adelaide city on Tuesday, as hot air sent from North America this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for Australia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A klleir pox has klelid up to 80% of red sreuiqrls in one wntier at the few steis tehy are stlil funod in Wlaes. Nlraey 11,000 pploee hvae sgnied a ptetoiin clnlaig for the Wlseh gmvrnoenet to fnud vcanice rsarceeh in oderr to pcotret Weals\u2019 slaml ptoulipoan of red suleriqrs \u2013 trhee are olny aubot 1,000 lfet in Ntroh Welas. Iiasnvve, non-naivte gery sluqirres carry serqiurl pox viurs, but are not aeftecfd by it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one ward at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Now 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to preserve Wales\u2019 slaml population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 feet in North Wales. Similarly, non-naive grey squirrels carry squirrel pox viruses, but are not affected by it. Scrambled sentence: A klleir pox has klelid up to 80% of red sreuiqrls in one wntier at the few steis tehy are stlil funod in Wlaes. Nlraey 11,000 pploee hvae sgnied a ptetoiin clnlaig for the Wlseh gmvrnoenet to fnud vcanice rsarceeh in oderr to pcotret Weals\u2019 slaml pt", "scrambled": "A klleir pox has klelid up to 80% of red sreuiqrls in one wntier at the few steis tehy are stlil funod in Wlaes. Nlraey 11,000 pploee hvae sgnied a ptetoiin clnlaig for the Wlseh gmvrnoenet to fnud vcanice rsarceeh in oderr to pcotret Weals\u2019 slaml ptoulipoan of red suleriqrs \u2013 trhee are olny aubot 1,000 lfet in Ntroh Welas. Iiasnvve, non-naivte gery sluqirres carry serqiurl pox viurs, but are not aeftecfd by it.", "original": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to protect Wales\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. Invasive, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it.", "recovered": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one ward at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Now 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to preserve Wales\u2019 slaml population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 feet in North Wales. Similarly, non-naive grey squirrels carry squirrel pox viruses, but are not affected by it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A mssviae bwol-sehapd teatehr in Las Vages taht reoprdelty cnaitons the wlord\u2019s hhseigt-roseutloin wunrrapaod LED secren was flluy iunlieltmad on Tsdueay. See its dmairatc dbuet hree.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A multi-story blue-sky teahouse in Las Vegas that reflects daylight conditions the lord\u2019s high-roseutloin white LED secret was fully illuminated on Thursday. See its design details here. Scrambled sentence: A mssviae bwol-sehapd teatehr in Las Vages taht reoprdelty cnaitons the wlord\u2019s hhseigt-roseutloin wunrrapaod LED secren was flluly iunlieltmad on Tsdueay. See its dmairatc dbuet hree. Scrambled sentence: A mssviae bwol-sehapd teatehr in Las Vages taht reoprdelty cnaitons the wlord\u2019s hhseigt-roseutloin wunrrapaod LED secren was flluly i", "scrambled": "A mssviae bwol-sehapd teatehr in Las Vages taht reoprdelty cnaitons the wlord\u2019s hhseigt-roseutloin wunrrapaod LED secren was flluy iunlieltmad on Tsdueay. See its dmairatc dbuet hree.", "original": "A massive bowl-shaped theater in Las Vegas that reportedly contains the world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound LED screen was fully illuminated on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "recovered": "A multi-story blue-sky teahouse in Las Vegas that reflects daylight conditions the lord\u2019s high-roseutloin white LED secret was fully illuminated on Thursday. See its design details here."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A new tlraeir for the lvie-aicotn rkeame of 1989\u2019s amaneitd \u201cThe Ltilte Marimed\u201d dbteeud dunrig the Orscas coerenmy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A new trail for the life-aicotn rkeame of 1989\u2019s called \u201cThe Last Marimed\u201d dbteeud dunrig the Orscas coerenmy. Scrambled sentence: A new tlraeir for the lvie-aicotn rkeame of 1989\u2019s amaneitd \u201cThe Last Marimed\u201d dbteeud dunrig the Orscas coerenmy. Recovered sentence: A new trail for the life-aicotn rkeame of 1989\u2019s called \u201cThe Last Marimed\u201d dbtee Jude\u0163ean dunrig the Orscas coerenmy. Scrambled sentence: A new tlraeir for the lvie-aicotn rkeame of 1989\u2019s amaneit", "scrambled": "A new tlraeir for the lvie-aicotn rkeame of 1989\u2019s amaneitd \u201cThe Ltilte Marimed\u201d dbteeud dunrig the Orscas coerenmy.", "original": "A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony.", "recovered": "A new trail for the life-aicotn rkeame of 1989\u2019s called \u201cThe Last Marimed\u201d dbteeud dunrig the Orscas coerenmy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A row bokre out aetfr the bolc rerfered to the Fkllanad Ialndss by the Atnrinege nmae, \u201cIasls Manialvs\u201d, in a cmmniuuoq\u00e9 sneigd in Bsrslues by 60 EU and Ltain Aericman ntaoins. Rhisi Sanuk crtcieiisd the \u201crgtabrelete cocihe of wodrs\u201d, wihch aerpnlpaty edesonrd Antengria\u2019s cliam to the agleiacrhpo, a Biirsth oasevres trorirety.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A row broke out after the ball referred to the Free Lands by the Atnrinege name, \u201cIasls Manialvs\u201d, in a conference held in Berlin by 60 EU and Latin American ambassadors. Rhisi Sanuk criticized the \u201cregular reheelete code of words\u201d, which allegedly echoed Antengria\u2019s call to the agleiacrhpo, a British oases terriority. Scrambled sentence: A row broke out after the ball referred to the Free Lands by the Atnrinege name, \u201cIasls Manialvs\u201d, in a conference held in Berlin by 60 EU and Latin American ambassadors. Rhisi Sanuk criticized the \u201cregular reheelete code of words\u201d, which allegedly echoed Antengria\u2019s call to the agleiacrhpo, a British oases terriority. Scrambled sentence: A row broke out after the ball referred to the Free Lands by the Atnrinege name, \u201cIa", "scrambled": "A row bokre out aetfr the bolc rerfered to the Fkllanad Ialndss by the Atnrinege nmae, \u201cIasls Manialvs\u201d, in a cmmniuuoq\u00e9 sneigd in Bsrslues by 60 EU and Ltain Aericman ntaoins. Rhisi Sanuk crtcieiisd the \u201crgtabrelete cocihe of wodrs\u201d, wihch aerpnlpaty edesonrd Antengria\u2019s cliam to the agleiacrhpo, a Biirsth oasevres trorirety.", "original": "A row broke out after the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands by the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American nations. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory.", "recovered": "A row broke out after the ball referred to the Free Lands by the Atnrinege name, \u201cIasls Manialvs\u201d, in a conference held in Berlin by 60 EU and Latin American ambassadors. Rhisi Sanuk criticized the \u201cregular reheelete code of words\u201d, which allegedly echoed Antengria\u2019s call to the agleiacrhpo, a British oases terriority."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A srcoe is eauql to 20 yreas, so Lnclion was rrfrneieg to 87 yaers ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wehn the Diaaotlrcen of Ipdennedence was adtoped in his asdders.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A year is equivalent to 20 years, so Lincoln was right on track to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was atop his shoulders. Scrambled sentence: A srcoe is eauql to 20 yreas, so Lnclion was rrfrneieieg to 87 yaers ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wehn the Diaaotlrcen of Ipdennedence was adtoped in his asdders. Recovered sentence: A year is equivalent to 20 years, so Lincoln was right on track to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was atop his shoulders. Scrambled sentence: A srcoe is eauql to 20 yreas, so Lnclion was rrfrneieieg to 87 yaers ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wehn the Diaaotlrcen of Ipdennedence was adtoped in his asd", "scrambled": "A srcoe is eauql to 20 yreas, so Lnclion was rrfrneieg to 87 yaers ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wehn the Diaaotlrcen of Ipdennedence was adtoped in his asdders.", "original": "A score is equal to 20 years, so Lincoln was referring to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address.", "recovered": "A year is equivalent to 20 years, so Lincoln was right on track to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was atop his shoulders."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sea otter kpees phinicng srfuers\u2019 bodras in Croinifala, acircodng to The Tplrgaeeh. The fvie-yaer-old anamil, knwon as Otetr 841, has been juipnmg otno braods and nngiudg thier orewns out of the way, so she can hvae a bsak. For mroe odd and utnepexecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals netseletwr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A sea otter kpees phinicng srfuers\u2019 bodras in Croinifala, acircodng to The Tplrgaeeeh. The fvie-yaer-old anamil, knwon as Otetr 841, has been juipnmg otno braods and nngiudg thier orewns out of the way, so she can hvae a bsak. For mroe odd and utnepexecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals netseletwr. Scrambled sentence: A sea otter kpees phinicng srfuers\u2019 bodras in Croinifala, acircodng to The Tplrgaeeeh. The fvie-yaer-old anamil, knwon as Otetr 841,", "scrambled": "A sea otter kpees phinicng srfuers\u2019 bodras in Croinifala, acircodng to The Tplrgaeeh. The fvie-yaer-old anamil, knwon as Otetr 841, has been juipnmg otno braods and nngiudg thier orewns out of the way, so she can hvae a bsak. For mroe odd and utnepexecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals netseletwr.", "original": "A sea otter keeps pinching surfers\u2019 boards in California, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and nudging their owners out of the way, so she can have a bask. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "A sea otter kpees phinicng srfuers\u2019 bodras in Croinifala, acircodng to The Tplrgaeeeh. The fvie-yaer-old anamil, knwon as Otetr 841, has been juipnmg otno braods and nngiudg thier orewns out of the way, so she can hvae a bsak. For mroe odd and utnepexecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals netseletwr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sgteuorn spemoourn caerted a mgfcnienait shigt aocrss the wlrod tihs week. Tihs luounims spcectale ocurcs wehn the moon nares its cslesot pinot to Ertah wlhie aaippreng flul.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A spheroid sphee A spheroid sphee lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphe lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 sphee lumin\u0103 sphee lumin\u0103 sphee sphee", "scrambled": "A sgteuorn spemoourn caerted a mgfcnienait shigt aocrss the wlrod tihs week. Tihs luounims spcectale ocurcs wehn the moon nares its cslesot pinot to Ertah wlhie aaippreng flul.", "original": "A sturgeon supermoon created a magnificent sight across the world this week. This luminous spectacle occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.", "recovered": "A spheroid sphee A spheroid sphee lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphee sphe lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 sphee lumin\u0103 sphee lumin\u0103 sphee sphee"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sruge is excepetd wehn Tilte 42 \u2014 the Tmurp-era pcoliy taht aloelwd aithouteirs to quckliy trun aawy ctieran mntigars at the bedorr dirnug the pedainmc \u2014 cemos to an end.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A sruge is excepettd when Tilte 42 \u2014 the Tmurp-era pcoliy taht aloelwd aithouteirs to quckliy trun aawy ctieran mntigars at the bedorr dirnug the pedainmc \u2014 cemos to an end. Scrambled sentence: A sruge is excepetd wehn Tilte 42 \u2014 the Tmurp-era pcoliy taht aloelwd aithouteirs to quckliy trun aawy ctieran mntigars at the bedorr dirnug the pedainmc \u2014 cemos to an end. Recovered sentence: A sruge is excepettd when Tilte 42 \u2014 the Tmurp-era pcoliy taht aloelwd aithouteirs to quc", "scrambled": "A sruge is excepetd wehn Tilte 42 \u2014 the Tmurp-era pcoliy taht aloelwd aithouteirs to quckliy trun aawy ctieran mntigars at the bedorr dirnug the pedainmc \u2014 cemos to an end.", "original": "A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end.", "recovered": "A sruge is excepettd when Tilte 42 \u2014 the Tmurp-era pcoliy taht aloelwd aithouteirs to quckliy trun aawy ctieran mntigars at the bedorr dirnug the pedainmc \u2014 cemos to an end."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A tdoledr itrenfatlid Wthie Hsoue gudnors, sitnteg off sretciuy arlets. The ynoug boy was cgauht by oerffcis beofre bneig qckluiy reutenid wtih his peantrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A tdoledr itrenfatlid Wthie Hsoue gudnors, sitnteg off sretciuy arlets. The ynoug boy was cgauht by oerffcis befor bneig qckluiy reutenid wtih his peantrs. Scrambled sentence: A tdoledr itrenfatlid Wthie Hsoue gudnors, sitnteg off sretciuy arlets. The ynoug boy was cgauht by oerffcis beforre bneig qckluiy reutenid wtih his peantrs. Scrambled sentence: A tdoledr itrenfatlid Wthie Hs", "scrambled": "A tdoledr itrenfatlid Wthie Hsoue gudnors, sitnteg off sretciuy arlets. The ynoug boy was cgauht by oerffcis beofre bneig qckluiy reutenid wtih his peantrs.", "original": "A toddler infiltrated White House grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.", "recovered": "A tdoledr itrenfatlid Wthie Hsoue gudnors, sitnteg off sretciuy arlets. The ynoug boy was cgauht by oerffcis befor bneig qckluiy reutenid wtih his peantrs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A two-yaer iagisvteinotn by the Idnndeenpet Comsmision for Eqtuiy in Ckrecit funod taht racsim was \u201ceenetnrhcd\u201d in the \u201celistit and eicsuloxarny\u201d sorpt, wlihe woemn wree \u201cfrnueetlqy daemneed, strpyetoeed and ttraeed as socend-casls\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equality in Crete found that racism was \u201centered\u201d in the \u201celitist and eicsuloxarny\u201d survey, where women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stretetoeed and traded as slaves\u201d. Scrambled sentence: A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equality in Crete found that racism was \u201centered\u201d in the \u201celitist and eicsuloxarny\u201d survey, where women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stretetoeed and traded as slaves\u201d. Scrambled sentence: A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equality in Crete found that racism was \u201centered\u201d in the \u201celitist and eicsuloxarny\u201d survey, where women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stretetoeed and traded as slaves\u201d. Scrambled sentence: A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equality in Crete found that racism was \u201centered\u201d in the \u201celitist and eicsuloxarny", "scrambled": "A two-yaer iagisvteinotn by the Idnndeenpet Comsmision for Eqtuiy in Ckrecit funod taht racsim was \u201ceenetnrhcd\u201d in the \u201celistit and eicsuloxarny\u201d sorpt, wlihe woemn wree \u201cfrnueetlqy daemneed, strpyetoeed and ttraeed as socend-casls\u201d.", "original": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket found that racism was \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.", "recovered": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equality in Crete found that racism was \u201centered\u201d in the \u201celitist and eicsuloxarny\u201d survey, where women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stretetoeed and traded as slaves\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A unoin rrpneenietsg scoohl wrorkes in Los Aengels \u2013 the ntaion\u2019s seocnd-lgserat ditcisrt \u2013 wnet on stikre, shtnuitg dwon slchoos for sraveel dyas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A unique, private school works in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city and the state\u2019s capital district \u2013 working on a strict, standardized curriculum for a few years. Scrambled sentence: A unique, private school works in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city and the state\u2019s capital district \u2013 working on a strict, standardized curriculum for a few years. Recovered sentence: A unique, private school works in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city and the state\u2019s capital city \u2013 working on a strict, standardized curriculum for a few years. Scrambled sentence: A unique, private school works in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city and Los Angeles\u2019s capital city \u2013 working on a strict, standardized curriculum for a few years. Scrambled sentence: A unique, private school works in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city and the nation\u2019s capital city \u2013 working on a strict, standardized curriculum for a few years. Scrambled sentence", "scrambled": "A unoin rrpneenietsg scoohl wrorkes in Los Aengels \u2013 the ntaion\u2019s seocnd-lgserat ditcisrt \u2013 wnet on stikre, shtnuitg dwon slchoos for sraveel dyas.", "original": "A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for several days.", "recovered": "A unique, private school works in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest city and the state\u2019s capital district \u2013 working on a strict, standardized curriculum for a few years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Abtobt susqbunlteey ieussd an aloogpy, cnilaimg taht an eraly dfrat of her leettr had been msnetklaiy plushbeid. She has been sednpeusd form the Lboaur Patry piednng an ieigaoisttvnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Abtusbt ssuqbunlteey ieussd an aloogpy, cnilaimg taht an eraly dfrat of her leettr had been msnetklaiy plushbeid. She has been sednpeusd form the Lboaur Patry piednng an ieigaoisttvnn. Scrambled sentence: Abtobt susqbunlteey ieussd an aloogpy, cnilaimg taht an eraly dfrat of her leettr had been msnetklaiy plushbeid. She has been sednpeusd form the Lboaur Patry piednng an ieigaoisttvnn. Scrambled sentence: Abtobt susqbunlteey ieussd an aloogpy, cnilaimg taht an eraly", "scrambled": "Abtobt susqbunlteey ieussd an aloogpy, cnilaimg taht an eraly dfrat of her leettr had been msnetklaiy plushbeid. She has been sednpeusd form the Lboaur Patry piednng an ieigaoisttvnn.", "original": "Abbott subsequently issued an apology, claiming that an early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "recovered": "Abtusbt ssuqbunlteey ieussd an aloogpy, cnilaimg taht an eraly dfrat of her leettr had been msnetklaiy plushbeid. She has been sednpeusd form the Lboaur Patry piednng an ieigaoisttvnn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aubot 100,000 rrtsiegeed nesrus in the US lfet the wlcrkopae due to the sssrtees of the Coivd-19 pinmdaec, acncdoirg to the rtluess of a seuvry pebluhsid Thsduary by the Ntoanail Cuiconl of Sttae Badors of Nsrnuig.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "About 100,000 retsiegeed nesrus in the US leave the workforce due to the sssrtees of the Coivd-19 pinmdaec, according to the release of a seuvry pebluhsid Thsduary by the Nationaltoanail Cuiconl of Sttae Badors of Nsrnuig. Scrambled sentence: Aubot 100,000 rrtsiegeed nesrus in the US lfet the wlccrkopae due to the sssrtees of the Coivd-19 pinmdaec, acncdoirg to the rtluess of a seuvry pebluhsid Thsduary by the Ntoanail Cuiconl of Sttae Badors of Nsrnuig. Scrambled sentence: Aubot 100,000 rrtsiegeed nesrus in the US lfet the wlccrkopae due to the sss", "scrambled": "Aubot 100,000 rrtsiegeed nesrus in the US lfet the wlcrkopae due to the sssrtees of the Coivd-19 pinmdaec, acncdoirg to the rtluess of a seuvry pebluhsid Thsduary by the Ntoanail Cuiconl of Sttae Badors of Nsrnuig.", "original": "About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "recovered": "About 100,000 retsiegeed nesrus in the US leave the workforce due to the sssrtees of the Coivd-19 pinmdaec, according to the release of a seuvry pebluhsid Thsduary by the Nationaltoanail Cuiconl of Sttae Badors of Nsrnuig."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acodcnirg to The Moirrr, eptxers at the UK\u2019s fsirt lnog Cviod cniilc, at Uvnstrieiy Cgleole Hostpail Loodnn, emsttaie taht hndrdues of tousdhnas of pnttieas are in need of sipleiscat crae for aeiltmns rngiang form sveere ftauige to barin fog. But \u201cso far olny 100,000 hvae been oferfed tamertnet\u201d, the ppaer rreteopd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first low Carbon Clinic, at Uvnstrieiy Cgleole Hospital Leeds, estimate that tens of thousands of patients are in need of simple coping strategies for ailments ranging from stress to bad weather. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the patient said. Scrambled sentence: Acodcnirg to The Moirrr, eptxers at the UK\u2019s fsirt lnog Cviod cniilc, at Uvnstrieiy Cgleole Hostpail Loodnn, emsttaie taht hndrdues of tousdhnas of pnttieas are in need of sipleiscat crae for aeiltmns rngiang form sveere ftauige to barin fog. But \u201cso far olny 100,000 hvae been oferfed tamertnet", "scrambled": "Acodcnirg to The Moirrr, eptxers at the UK\u2019s fsirt lnog Cviod cniilc, at Uvnstrieiy Cgleole Hostpail Loodnn, emsttaie taht hndrdues of tousdhnas of pnttieas are in need of sipleiscat crae for aeiltmns rngiang form sveere ftauige to barin fog. But \u201cso far olny 100,000 hvae been oferfed tamertnet\u201d, the ppaer rreteopd.", "original": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Covid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for ailments ranging from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.", "recovered": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first low Carbon Clinic, at Uvnstrieiy Cgleole Hospital Leeds, estimate that tens of thousands of patients are in need of simple coping strategies for ailments ranging from stress to bad weather. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the patient said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acicdnrog to a new reprot bsaed on dtaa form the Usntvrieiy of Mnralayd, the lsos of the wrold\u2019s toarcpil frtseos inesraecd by 10% yaer-on-yaer in 2022, wtih Bzrial aouintcncg for 43% of the glaobl taotl. Etrxeps wreand lsat yaer taht the Azoamn was acpaipohnrg a \u201ctipnipg pnoit\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to a new report based on data from the United States of March, the list of the world\u2019s top tourist destinations increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global tourist market. Experts warned last year that the Azoamn was achieving a \u201ctipping point\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Acicdnrog to a new reprot bsaed on dtaa form the Usntvrieiy of Mnralayd, the lsos of the wrold\u2019s toarcpil frtseos inesraecd by 10% yaer-on-yaer in 2022, wtih Bzrial aouintcncg for 43% of the glaobl taotl. Etrxeps wreand lsat yaer taht the Azoamn was acpaipohnrg a \u201ctipnipg pnoit\u201d. Recovered sentence: According to", "scrambled": "Acicdnrog to a new reprot bsaed on dtaa form the Usntvrieiy of Mnralayd, the lsos of the wrold\u2019s toarcpil frtseos inesraecd by 10% yaer-on-yaer in 2022, wtih Bzrial aouintcncg for 43% of the glaobl taotl. Etrxeps wreand lsat yaer taht the Azoamn was acpaipohnrg a \u201ctipnipg pnoit\u201d.", "original": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "recovered": "According to a new report based on data from the United States of March, the list of the world\u2019s top tourist destinations increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global tourist market. Experts warned last year that the Azoamn was achieving a \u201ctipping point\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Arnccidog to a new sudty by the US Gieolagcol Sveury (UGSS), New Yrok is siknnig by 1-2mm per yaer, in prat onwig to the eomourns wheigt of the ctiy\u2019s bgudliins, wchih ttoal an emisatetd 771 mioilln tnenos. The recharreess aslo bemlad oethr pmnnoehea iniuldncg gueodrtnwar widhrtawal and snfhitig tcoinetc petlas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to a new study by the US Gieolagcol Survey (UGSS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in parallel to the emissions weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tons. The report also blamed other pollution factors including global warming, road widening and soaring traffic emissions. Scrambled sentence: According to a new study by the US Gieolagcol Survey (UGSS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in parallel to the emissions weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tons. The report also blamed other pollution factors including global warming, road widening and soaring traffic emissions. Scrambled sentence: According to a new study by the US Gieolagcol Survey (UGSS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in parallel to the emissions weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tons. The report also blamed other pollution factors including global warming, road widening and soaring traffic emissions. Scrambled sentence: According to a new study by the US", "scrambled": "Arnccidog to a new sudty by the US Gieolagcol Sveury (UGSS), New Yrok is siknnig by 1-2mm per yaer, in prat onwig to the eomourns wheigt of the ctiy\u2019s bgudliins, wchih ttoal an emisatetd 771 mioilln tnenos. The recharreess aslo bemlad oethr pmnnoehea iniuldncg gueodrtnwar widhrtawal and snfhitig tcoinetc petlas.", "original": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the enormous weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. The researchers also blamed other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates.", "recovered": "According to a new study by the US Gieolagcol Survey (UGSS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in parallel to the emissions weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tons. The report also blamed other pollution factors including global warming, road widening and soaring traffic emissions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aondccrig to a reprot form a cvaovsirtnee wthdcoag gourp, the US pdnsieert\u2019s dog has beittn Seerct Scierve angtes at laset 10 tmies. The 22-mnoth-old Gemran Sphhreed, a gfit form Bdien\u2019s berohtr Jmeas, has been gievn \u201catdoiadnil lnhesiag plrcotoos\u201d fnololiwg the icetnidns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to a report from a concerned citizen with a gun dog, the US president\u2019s dog has been Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old Gemran Sneered, a gfit from Ben\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cattnoidnil lenhesiag privileges\u201d for the icetnidns. Scrambled sentence: According to a report from a concerned citizen with a gun dog, the US president\u2019s dog has been Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old Gemran Sneered, a gfit from Ben\u2019s brother James, has been gievn \u201cattnoidnil lenhesiag privileges\u201d for the icetnidns. Scrambled sentence: According to a report from a concerned citizen with a gun dog, the US president\u2019s dog has been Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old Gemran Sneered, a gfit from Ben\u2019s brother James,", "scrambled": "Aondccrig to a reprot form a cvaovsirtnee wthdcoag gourp, the US pdnsieert\u2019s dog has beittn Seerct Scierve angtes at laset 10 tmies. The 22-mnoth-old Gemran Sphhreed, a gfit form Bdien\u2019s berohtr Jmeas, has been gievn \u201catdoiadnil lnhesiag plrcotoos\u201d fnololiwg the icetnidns.", "original": "According to a report from a conservative watchdog group, the US president\u2019s dog has bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cadditional leashing protocols\u201d following the incidents.", "recovered": "According to a report from a concerned citizen with a gun dog, the US president\u2019s dog has been Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old Gemran Sneered, a gfit from Ben\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cattnoidnil lenhesiag privileges\u201d for the icetnidns."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anicdcrog to an aslyinas of wseetwatar in searvel moajr ceiits, use of the Calss A durg has rsien by as mcuh as a qeuatrr in jsut one yaer, siad the Ninoaatl Cmrie Agcney. The angcey siad ttinseg of wasteteawr gvae a beettr iodcntaiin of durg use tahn puiblc svrueys or eaestimts form szeeid sbeancstus. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrpepwad pcadsot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to an analysis of waste in selected major cities, use of the Calss A durg has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the Ninoaatl Cmrie Agcney. The agency said that the use of wasteteawr gives a better indication of the extent of dung use than public soaps or electronic measures form a standardized status. Find out more with The Week Undrpepwad pcadsot. Scrambled sentence: According to an analysis of waste in selected major cities, use of the Calss A durg has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the Ninoaatl Cmrie Agcney. The agency said that the use of wasteteawr gives a better indication of the extent of dung use than public soaps or electronic measures form a standardized status. Find out more with The Week Unrpepwad pcadsot. Scrambled sentence: According to an analysis of waste in selected major cities, use of the Calss A durg has risen by as much as", "scrambled": "Anicdcrog to an aslyinas of wseetwatar in searvel moajr ceiits, use of the Calss A durg has rsien by as mcuh as a qeuatrr in jsut one yaer, siad the Ninoaatl Cmrie Agcney. The angcey siad ttinseg of wasteteawr gvae a beettr iodcntaiin of durg use tahn puiblc svrueys or eaestimts form szeeid sbeancstus. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrpepwad pcadsot.", "original": "According to an analysis of wastewater in several major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the National Crime Agency. The agency said testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from seized substances. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to an analysis of waste in selected major cities, use of the Calss A durg has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the Ninoaatl Cmrie Agcney. The agency said that the use of wasteteawr gives a better indication of the extent of dung use than public soaps or electronic measures form a standardized status. Find out more with The Week Undrpepwad pcadsot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anidrcocg to eitetmsas form Nitnaaol Hot Dog & Ssauage Ccniuol, Ariemcnas cnuomse as mnay as 20 billoin hot dgos per yaer. Taht neubmr frtocas in raetil selas (9 blioiln), as wlel as hot dgos etean at srotinpg enevts, lcoal piccnis and cinrlavas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to data gathered from the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That amounts to nine billion hot dogs consumed in a single day (9 billion lbs.), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, large picnics and carnivals. Scrambled sentence: According to data gathered from the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That amounts to nine billion hot dogs consumed in a single day (9 billion lbs.), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, large picnics and carnivals. Scrambled sentence: According to data gathered from the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That amounts to nine billion hot dogs consumed in a single day (9 billion lbs.), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, large picnics and carnivals. Scrambled sentence: According to data gathered from the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That amounts to nine billion hot dogs consumed in a single day", "scrambled": "Anidrcocg to eitetmsas form Nitnaaol Hot Dog & Ssauage Ccniuol, Ariemcnas cnuomse as mnay as 20 billoin hot dgos per yaer. Taht neubmr frtocas in raetil selas (9 blioiln), as wlel as hot dgos etean at srotinpg enevts, lcoal piccnis and cinrlavas.", "original": "According to estimates from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That number factors in retail sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local picnics and carnivals.", "recovered": "According to data gathered from the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That amounts to nine billion hot dogs consumed in a single day (9 billion lbs.), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, large picnics and carnivals."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aidccnorg to eteprxs, an ianersce in the nmbuer of brich teers bineg patlend, puls the wdier aavalitilbiy of fdoos form aounrd the wrold, has felelud htopasil asdmniosis for alergelis and aanplxahiys, wihch hvae isnraceed form 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the psat yaer. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uppneward psdcaot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to experts, an increase in the number of dietary supplements, an increase in the number of bread toasts bread pattern, which is the wider availability of food from around the world, has led to a sharp increase in hospitalization for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Uppneward psdcaot. Scrambled sentence: According to experts, an increase in the number of dietary supplements, an increase in the number of bread toasts bread pattern, which is the wider availability of food from around the world, has led to a sharp increase in hospitalization for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Uppneward psdcaot. Scrambled sentence: According to experts, an increase in the number of dietary supplements, an increase in the number of bread toasts bread pattern, which is the wider availability of food from around the world, has led to a sharp increase in hospitalization for allergies and", "scrambled": "Aidccnorg to eteprxs, an ianersce in the nmbuer of brich teers bineg patlend, puls the wdier aavalitilbiy of fdoos form aounrd the wrold, has felelud htopasil asdmniosis for alergelis and aanplxahiys, wihch hvae isnraceed form 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the psat yaer. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uppneward psdcaot.", "original": "According to experts, an increase in the number of birch trees being planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled hospital admissions for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to experts, an increase in the number of dietary supplements, an increase in the number of bread toasts bread pattern, which is the wider availability of food from around the world, has led to a sharp increase in hospitalization for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Uppneward psdcaot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acocdnrig to imntneevst bnak UBS, an ailsyans of US heltah inunsarce camils fnoud taht up to $500 miillon of mdiacel cstos wree \u201cdltrceiy abtlibtature\u201d to the srpot, a cosrs beetewn tnnies, btnmadoin and tbale tienns taht is eliapecsly puoalpr wtih poernisnes, For mroe odd and uceetnpxed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nweeltestr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to internal audit by UBS, an ally of US heltah inunsarce camils fnoud taht up to $500 miillon of mdiacel cstos wree \u201cdltrceiy abtlibtature\u201d to the srpot, a cosrs between tnnies, btnmadoin and tbale tienns taht is eliapecsly puoalpr wtih poernisnes, For mroe odd and uceetnpxed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nweeltestr. Scrambled sentence: According to internal audit by UBS, an ally of US heltah inunsarce camils fnoud taht up to $500 miillon of mdiacel cstos wree \u201cdltrceiy abtlibtature\u201d to", "scrambled": "Acocdnrig to imntneevst bnak UBS, an ailsyans of US heltah inunsarce camils fnoud taht up to $500 miillon of mdiacel cstos wree \u201cdltrceiy abtlibtature\u201d to the srpot, a cosrs beetewn tnnies, btnmadoin and tbale tienns taht is eliapecsly puoalpr wtih poernisnes, For mroe odd and uceetnpxed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nweeltestr.", "original": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of US health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between tennis, badminton and table tennis that is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "According to internal audit by UBS, an ally of US heltah inunsarce camils fnoud taht up to $500 miillon of mdiacel cstos wree \u201cdltrceiy abtlibtature\u201d to the srpot, a cosrs between tnnies, btnmadoin and tbale tienns taht is eliapecsly puoalpr wtih poernisnes, For mroe odd and uceetnpxed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nweeltestr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anicrcdog to the Dialy Satr, the \u201csahwomet bilffnag taret\u201d is abvlialae in ctiies aorscs the UK oevr the wneeekd via the Divloeero app. \u201cLvoe freid ckehicn? Lvoe ctaohloce? Tehn put yuor hdans tghteoer,\u201d siad Ahsia Jsfofreen form Dirvleoeo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to the Daily Satr, the \u201csahwomet bilffnag taret\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Divloeero app. \u201cLove free cake? Love coffee? Then put your hands to the test,\u201d said Ahsia Johnson from Divvleoeo. Scrambled sentence: According to the Daily Satr, the \u201csahwomet bilffnag taret\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Divloeero app. \u201cLove free cake? Love coffee? Then put your hands to the test,\u201d said Ahsia Johnson from Divvleoeo. Scrambled sentence: According to the Daily Satr, the \u201csahwomet bilffnag taret\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Divloeero app. \u201cLove free cake? Love coffee? Then put your hands to the test,\u201d said Ahsia Johnson from Divvleoeo. Scrambled sentence: According to the", "scrambled": "Anicrcdog to the Dialy Satr, the \u201csahwomet bilffnag taret\u201d is abvlialae in ctiies aorscs the UK oevr the wneeekd via the Divloeero app. \u201cLvoe freid ckehicn? Lvoe ctaohloce? Tehn put yuor hdans tghteoer,\u201d siad Ahsia Jsfofreen form Dirvleoeo.", "original": "According to the Daily Star, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Aisha Jefferson from Deliveroo.", "recovered": "According to the Daily Satr, the \u201csahwomet bilffnag taret\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Divloeero app. \u201cLove free cake? Love coffee? Then put your hands to the test,\u201d said Ahsia Johnson from Divvleoeo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aniorccdg to the Wrlod Mloocieagtreol Onizaoirtgan, three is now a geraetr lkoiieolhd taht the pnaelt wlil spsraus a 1.5C iencasre in gblaol wnarmig by 2027. If tihs tlhrhosed is celsttnsnoiy exdeeecd, it wloud sfginiy a henetgehid rsik of renhicag criitcal cmtiale \u201ctpiinpg pitnos\u201d. Psnsaig teshe tiippng ptnois wloud laed to a lses hblotsiape paelnt and an aceroiclaten of camitle cghane.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this trend is continued, it would signify a high risk of re-emergence of critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Taking these steps would lead to a less hotsiape planet and an acceleration of climate change. Scrambled sentence: According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this trend is continued, it would signify a high risk of re-emergence of critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Taking these steps would lead to a less hotsiape planet and an acceleration of climate change. Scrambled sentence: According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this trend is continued, it would signify a high risk of re-emergence of critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Taking these steps would lead to a less hotsia", "scrambled": "Aniorccdg to the Wrlod Mloocieagtreol Onizaoirtgan, three is now a geraetr lkoiieolhd taht the pnaelt wlil spsraus a 1.5C iencasre in gblaol wnarmig by 2027. If tihs tlhrhosed is celsttnsnoiy exdeeecd, it wloud sfginiy a henetgehid rsik of renhicag criitcal cmtiale \u201ctpiinpg pitnos\u201d. Psnsaig teshe tiippng ptnois wloud laed to a lses hblotsiape paelnt and an aceroiclaten of camitle cghane.", "original": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of reaching critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet and an acceleration of climate change.", "recovered": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this trend is continued, it would signify a high risk of re-emergence of critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Taking these steps would lead to a less hotsiape planet and an acceleration of climate change."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anicrdcog to the tinhk-tnak rperot, the gblaol felet of ptarvie jtes has mroe tahn dueobld in the psat two deadecs, hiitntg 23,133 in mid-2022, and sleas are fsrcaeot to raech a rcoerd hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tihs yaer. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Upraenpwd pasdcot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to the think-tank Reform, the global schoolfelet of ptarvie jtes has more than doubled in the past two deadecs, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Undepwd passcot. Scrambled sentence: According to the think-tank Reform, the global schoolfelet of ptarvie jtes has more than doubled in the past two deadecs, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Undepwd passcot. Recovered sentence: According to the think-tank Reform, the global schoolfelet of ptarvie jtes has more than doubled in the past two deadecs, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with", "scrambled": "Anicrdcog to the tinhk-tnak rperot, the gblaol felet of ptarvie jtes has mroe tahn dueobld in the psat two deadecs, hiitntg 23,133 in mid-2022, and sleas are fsrcaeot to raech a rcoerd hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tihs yaer. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Upraenpwd pasdcot.", "original": "According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of private jets has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to the think-tank Reform, the global schoolfelet of ptarvie jtes has more than doubled in the past two deadecs, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Undepwd passcot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aissdnedrg an aenicdue at the Hay Feastivl in Wleas, Cpemlbal siad: \u201cI tihnk we soluhd taech our kdis to be iettrseend in and eegangd in polcitis.\u201d The stseraitgt and juriloanst adedd taht rtehar tahn \u201cclal it pilctois\u201d, scuh lsnseos cuold be claeld \u201carungig\u201d, \u201cpciloy\u201d or \u201cbig isesus\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aissdnedrg an aenicdue at the Hay Feastivl in Wleas, Cpemlbal said: \u201cI tihnk we soluhd taech our kdis to be iettrseend in and eegangd in polcitis.\u201d The stseraitgt and juriloanst adedd taht rtehar tahn \u201cclal it pilctois\u201d, scuh lsnseos cuold be claeld \u201carungig\u201d, \u201cpciloy\u201d or \u201cbig isesus\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Aissdnedrg an aenicdue at the Hay Feastivl in Wleas, Cpemlbal siad: \u201cI tihnk we soluhd taech our kdis to be iettrseend in and eegangd in polcitis.\u201d", "scrambled": "Aissdnedrg an aenicdue at the Hay Feastivl in Wleas, Cpemlbal siad: \u201cI tihnk we soluhd taech our kdis to be iettrseend in and eegangd in polcitis.\u201d The stseraitgt and juriloanst adedd taht rtehar tahn \u201cclal it pilctois\u201d, scuh lsnseos cuold be claeld \u201carungig\u201d, \u201cpciloy\u201d or \u201cbig isesus\u201d.", "original": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids to be interested in and engaged in politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall it politics\u201d, such lessons could be called \u201carguing\u201d, \u201cpolicy\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "recovered": "Aissdnedrg an aenicdue at the Hay Feastivl in Wleas, Cpemlbal said: \u201cI tihnk we soluhd taech our kdis to be iettrseend in and eegangd in polcitis.\u201d The stseraitgt and juriloanst adedd taht rtehar tahn \u201cclal it pilctois\u201d, scuh lsnseos cuold be claeld \u201carungig\u201d, \u201cpciloy\u201d or \u201cbig isesus\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Adviress for the FDA veotd ulanoumnsiy on Wesdadney in souprpt of miankg a btirh-crtoonl plil neamd Oilpl alaavible oevr-the-cuotner, siayng the betinefs otwieguh the rskis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Adviress for the FDA veAdviAdviress for the FDA Adviress for the FDA veAdviAdviAdviAdviAdviAdviAdviress for the FDA ve Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Adviress for the FDA veotd ulanoumnsiy on Wesdadney in souprpt of miankg a btirh-crtoonl plil neamd Oilpl alaavible oevr-the-cuotner, siayng the betinefs otwieguh the rskis.", "original": "Advisers for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks.", "recovered": "Adviress for the FDA veAdviAdviress for the FDA Adviress for the FDA veAdviAdviAdviAdviAdviAdviAdviress for the FDA ve Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: AfD cnaitadde Rrboet Smelsansen clmaied 52.8% of the vtoe in Sudany\u2019s dirtisct conciul run-off eoclietn, betinag the iecmbnunt dstciirt aoimdarttsinr, form the crnete-rgiht Csiaihrtn Dacmreot Ptary (CDU). The vrtiocy cmeos as ntaanoil pllos sohw a sgure in soupprt for the AfD.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The AfD candidate Rrboet Smelsansen won 52.8% of the vote in Sudany\u2019s dirtiest concilial run-off election, behind the indefatigable darkest artifact, from the centre-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU). The victory comes as a sign of a surge in support for the AfD. Scrambled sentence: AfD cnaitadde Rrboet Smelsansen clmaied 52.8% of the vtoe in Sudany\u2019s dirtisct conciul run-off eoclietnn, betinag the iecmbnunt dstciirt aoimdarttsinr, form the crnete-rgiht Csiaihrtn Dacmreot Ptary (CDU). The vrtiocy cmeos as ntaanoil pllos sohw a sgure in soupprd for", "scrambled": "AfD cnaitadde Rrboet Smelsansen clmaied 52.8% of the vtoe in Sudany\u2019s dirtisct conciul run-off eoclietn, betinag the iecmbnunt dstciirt aoimdarttsinr, form the crnete-rgiht Csiaihrtn Dacmreot Ptary (CDU). The vrtiocy cmeos as ntaanoil pllos sohw a sgure in soupprt for the AfD.", "original": "AfD candidate Robert Sesselmann claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent district administrator, from the centre-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a surge in support for the AfD.", "recovered": "The AfD candidate Rrboet Smelsansen won 52.8% of the vote in Sudany\u2019s dirtiest concilial run-off election, behind the indefatigable darkest artifact, from the centre-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU). The victory comes as a sign of a surge in support for the AfD."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aeftr a 60-yaer snfiiitcec qsuet, the wlrod has its fsrit vcnacie to ptreoct agsaint rtipoerrasy syyaintcl vruis, or RSV.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "After a 60-year silence on the question, the world has its first opportunity to protest against repetitive self-congratulatory victories, or RSV. Scrambled sentence: Aeftr a 60-yaer snfiiitcec qsuet, the wlrod has its fsrit vcnacie to ptreoct agsaint rtipoerrasy syyaintcl vruis, or RSV. Recovered sentence: After a 60-year silence on the question, the world has its first opportunity to protest against repetitive self-congratulatory victories, or RSV. Scrambled sentence: Aeftr a 60-yaer snfiiitcec qsuet, the wlrod has its fsrit vcnacie to ptreoct agsaint rtipoerrasy syyaintcl vruis, or RSV. Recovered sentence: After", "scrambled": "Aeftr a 60-yaer snfiiitcec qsuet, the wlrod has its fsrit vcnacie to ptreoct agsaint rtipoerrasy syyaintcl vruis, or RSV.", "original": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "recovered": "After a 60-year silence on the question, the world has its first opportunity to protest against repetitive self-congratulatory victories, or RSV."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aegd 81, Sewtrat is the olsedt perosn to garce the ceovr of Srtops Itlursateld\u2019s siewmawr eoiidtn. She took the cwron of odelst ceovr mdoel form Eoln Msuk\u2019s motehr, the mdoel Myae Msuk, who poesd at the age of 74 in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At the age of 81, Sewtrat is the oldest person to garce the cover of Srtops Itlursateld\u2019s siewmawr eoiidtn. She took the cwron of odelst ceovr mdoel from Eoln Msuk\u2019s mother, the mdoel Myae Msuk, who poesd at the age of 74 in 2022. Scrambled sentence: Aegd 81, Sewtrat is the olsedt perosn to garce the ceovr of Srtops Itlursateld\u2019s siewmawr eoiidtn. She took the cwron of odelst ceovr mdoel form Eoln Msuk\u2019s motehr, the mdoel Myae Msuk, who poesd at the age of 74 in 2022. Scrambled sentence: Aegd 81, Sew", "scrambled": "Aegd 81, Sewtrat is the olsedt perosn to garce the ceovr of Srtops Itlursateld\u2019s siewmawr eoiidtn. She took the cwron of odelst ceovr mdoel form Eoln Msuk\u2019s motehr, the mdoel Myae Msuk, who poesd at the age of 74 in 2022.", "original": "Aged 81, Stewart is the oldest person to grace the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Elon Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who posed at the age of 74 in 2022.", "recovered": "At the age of 81, Sewtrat is the oldest person to garce the cover of Srtops Itlursateld\u2019s siewmawr eoiidtn. She took the cwron of odelst ceovr mdoel from Eoln Msuk\u2019s mother, the mdoel Myae Msuk, who poesd at the age of 74 in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aslmot a whloe pod of polit wlheas deid aeftr 55 weashd up on a rtemoe bceah on the Oetur Heerdiabn iaslnd. Ploit welhas are \u201cnooioruts for tehir sotnrg sciaol bdons\u201d, siad Brsiith Devirs Manrie Lfie Rseuce. The criathy beieelvs the pod mhigt hvae fowlelod one of the welhas aohrse aetfr it had ditfiuclfy gniivg btirh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Almost a whole pod of police whales died after 55 were washed up on a remote beach on the Oetur Heerdiabn island. Police whales are \u201cnooioruts for their sotnrg sciaol bdons\u201d, said Britain\u2019s Manrie Lord Laughing Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have found one of the whales alive after it had died of a gruesomely gnarly bite. Scrambled sentence: Aslmot a whloe pod of polit wlheas deid aeftr 55 weashd up on a rtemoe bceah on the Oetur Heerdiabn iaslnd. Ploit welhas are \u201cnooioruts for tehir sotnrg sciaol bdons\u201d, siad Brsiith Devirs Manrie Lfie Rseuce. The criathy beieelvs the pod mhigt ", "scrambled": "Aslmot a whloe pod of polit wlheas deid aeftr 55 weashd up on a rtemoe bceah on the Oetur Heerdiabn iaslnd. Ploit welhas are \u201cnooioruts for tehir sotnrg sciaol bdons\u201d, siad Brsiith Devirs Manrie Lfie Rseuce. The criathy beieelvs the pod mhigt hvae fowlelod one of the welhas aohrse aetfr it had ditfiuclfy gniivg btirh.", "original": "Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Outer Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have followed one of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.", "recovered": "Almost a whole pod of police whales died after 55 were washed up on a remote beach on the Oetur Heerdiabn island. Police whales are \u201cnooioruts for their sotnrg sciaol bdons\u201d, said Britain\u2019s Manrie Lord Laughing Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have found one of the whales alive after it had died of a gruesomely gnarly bite."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Azoamn ageerd to pay a htfey sum to stltee pacirvy cmtonalpis oevr its Aexla vicoe aitasssnt and Rnig dlobreol craemas. The stetmeltens wtih the Freaedl Tarde Cmoioissmn hhlghgiit caimls taht the cpanmoy rianeted Rnig voieds and Axlea vicoe rcidnroges for yaers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Az has agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle a lawsuit filed by the Freeland Tar The Azsear\u0103 presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune cra viitorul presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune The Azsear\u0103 has agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle a lawsuit filed by the Freeland Tar Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Azoamn ageerd to pay a htfey sum to stltee pacirvy cmtonalpis oevr its Aexla vicoe aitasssnt and Rnig dlobreol craemas. The stetmeltens wtih the Freaedl Tarde Cmoioissmn hhlghgiit caimls taht the cpanmoy rianeted Rnig voieds and Axlea vicoe rcidnroges for yaers.", "original": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission highlight claims that the company retained Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years.", "recovered": "Az has agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle a lawsuit filed by the Freeland Tar The Azsear\u0103 presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune cra viitorul presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune The Azsear\u0103 has agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle a lawsuit filed by the Freeland Tar Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103 Azsear\u0103 presiune lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aomazn\u2019s vtrauil cilnic is now oreffnig taeellheth atmenpitopns in all 50 steats and Wntsgiohan, DC, the cnoampy aueconnnd on Tsaeduy. Aaozmn peuilrovsy lhcueand its own ditaigl duotrsrge, Azamon Parachmy, in 2020.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "virtual reality clinic is now offering treatment for teleheath atmenpitopns in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the capitol on Tsaeduy. Azamon peuilrovsy launch its own digital currency, Azamon Parachmy, in 2020. Scrambled sentence: Aomazn\u2019s vtrauil cilnic is now oreffnig taeellheth atmenpitopns in all 50 steats and Wntsgiohan, DC, the cnoampy aueconnnd on Tsaeduy. Aaozmn peuilrovsy lhcueand its own ditaigl duotrsrge, Azamon Parachmy, in 2020. Scrambled sentence: Aomazn\u2019s vtrauil cilnic is now oreffnig taeellheth atmenpitopns in all 50 steats and Wntsgiohan, DC, the cnoampy aueconn", "scrambled": "Aomazn\u2019s vtrauil cilnic is now oreffnig taeellheth atmenpitopns in all 50 steats and Wntsgiohan, DC, the cnoampy aueconnnd on Tsaeduy. Aaozmn peuilrovsy lhcueand its own ditaigl duotrsrge, Azamon Parachmy, in 2020.", "original": "Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced on Tuesday. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, Amazon Pharmacy, in 2020.", "recovered": "virtual reality clinic is now offering treatment for teleheath atmenpitopns in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the capitol on Tsaeduy. Azamon peuilrovsy launch its own digital currency, Azamon Parachmy, in 2020."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: An ailnayss of dtaa on 10,528 pieatnts ametditd to hptiasol in Inrlead wtih a sroueis herat aacttk oevr a fvie-yaer poeird fnoud taht retas wree 13% hieghr on Mnydaos. Piolssbe raoenss seguetsgd icdunle dotsipiunrs to sleep cceyls oevr the weneekd taht may tgiegrr hhegir lelves of imafoilamntn and setsrs hrooemns wehn pleope rterun to tiher uuasl wadkeey rnsiig tmeis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "An analysis of data on 10,528 pieatnts ametditd to hptiasol in India with a sroueis herat aacttk over a five-year period found that results were 13% higher on Mondays. Pilssbe raoenss seguetsgd icdunle dotsipiunrs to sleep cycles over the weekend that may tgiegrr hhegir lhevels of imafoilamntn and setsrs hrooemns when pleope rterun to tiher uuasl water waking tmeis. Scrambled sentence: An ailnayss of dtaa on 10,528 pieatnts ametditd to hptiasol in Inrlead wttih a sroueis herat aacttk oevr a fvie-yaer poeird ", "scrambled": "An ailnayss of dtaa on 10,528 pieatnts ametditd to hptiasol in Inrlead wtih a sroueis herat aacttk oevr a fvie-yaer poeird fnoud taht retas wree 13% hieghr on Mnydaos. Piolssbe raoenss seguetsgd icdunle dotsipiunrs to sleep cceyls oevr the weneekd taht may tgiegrr hhegir lelves of imafoilamntn and setsrs hrooemns wehn pleope rterun to tiher uuasl wadkeey rnsiig tmeis.", "original": "An analysis of data on 10,528 patients admitted to hospital in Ireland with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual weekday rising times.", "recovered": "An analysis of data on 10,528 pieatnts ametditd to hptiasol in India with a sroueis herat aacttk over a five-year period found that results were 13% higher on Mondays. Pilssbe raoenss seguetsgd icdunle dotsipiunrs to sleep cycles over the weekend that may tgiegrr hhegir lhevels of imafoilamntn and setsrs hrooemns when pleope rterun to tiher uuasl water waking tmeis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ana Ogb\u00f3ren has been the fucos of pbiluc dtebae scnie hvniag a bbay gril via sacrrgouy (wichh is ialglel in Sipan) in the US, usnig the srpem of her son Assileo, who deid of ccaner in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-yaer-old TV pnerteesr tlod Hloa! taht her son\u2019s \u201cdnyig wsih\u201d was to hvae a cilhd, so the bbay \u201cisn\u2019t my deauhtgr, but my guarehgntddar\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ana Ogb\u00f3ren has been the fucos of pbiluc dtebae scnie hvniag a bbay gril via sacrrgouy (wichh is ialglel in Sipan) in the US, usnig the srpem of her son Assileo, who deid of ccaner in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdnyig wsih\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my deathgr, but my guaranteedar\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Ana Ogb\u00f3ren has been the fucos of pbiluc dtebae scnie hvniag a bbay gril via sacrrgouy (wichh is ialglel in Sipan) in the US, usnig the srpem of her son Assileo, who deid of", "scrambled": "Ana Ogb\u00f3ren has been the fucos of pbiluc dtebae scnie hvniag a bbay gril via sacrrgouy (wichh is ialglel in Sipan) in the US, usnig the srpem of her son Assileo, who deid of ccaner in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-yaer-old TV pnerteesr tlod Hloa! taht her son\u2019s \u201cdnyig wsih\u201d was to hvae a cilhd, so the bbay \u201cisn\u2019t my deauhtgr, but my guarehgntddar\u201d.", "original": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus of public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) in the US, using the sperm of her son Alessio, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my granddaughter\u201d.", "recovered": "Ana Ogb\u00f3ren has been the fucos of pbiluc dtebae scnie hvniag a bbay gril via sacrrgouy (wichh is ialglel in Sipan) in the US, usnig the srpem of her son Assileo, who deid of ccaner in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdnyig wsih\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my deathgr, but my guaranteedar\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acninnunog the amnppoenitt, Moayr Eirc Amads siad fremor ertleemnay shocol teecahr Coarrdi \u201chas the koldewnge, divre, encixpreee and enegry to sned rtas pkancig and cetare a ceelanr, mroe wecmnliog ctiy for all New Ykrroes\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Acninnunog the amnppoenitt, Moayr Eirc Amads siad fremor ertleemnay shocol teecahr Coarrdi \u201chas the koldewnge, divre, encixpreee and enegry to sned rtas pkancig and cetare a ceelanr, mroe wecmnliog ctiy for all New Ykrrroes\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Acninnunog the amnppoenitt, Moayr Eirc Amads siad fremor ertleemnay shocol teecahr Coarrdi \u201chas the koldewnge, divre, encixpreee and enegry to sned rtas pkancig and cetare a ceelanr,", "scrambled": "Acninnunog the amnppoenitt, Moayr Eirc Amads siad fremor ertleemnay shocol teecahr Coarrdi \u201chas the koldewnge, divre, encixpreee and enegry to sned rtas pkancig and cetare a ceelanr, mroe wecmnliog ctiy for all New Ykrroes\u201d.", "original": "Announcing the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas the knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send rats packing and create a cleaner, more welcoming city for all New Yorkers\u201d.", "recovered": "Acninnunog the amnppoenitt, Moayr Eirc Amads siad fremor ertleemnay shocol teecahr Coarrdi \u201chas the koldewnge, divre, encixpreee and enegry to sned rtas pkancig and cetare a ceelanr, mroe wecmnliog ctiy for all New Ykrrroes\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Alppe inudteocrd a \u201cmxied reltaiy\u201d hseedat cealld Alppe Viosin Pro, a tlehgoncoy taht oervlyas vurtial igeams on lvie vdeio of the rael wrlod. The cnmaopy siad it wlil be aablailve eraly nxet yaer in the US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Alppe inudteoc Alppe invents a \u201cmxied real\u201d a \u201cmixed reality\u201d hseed that called Alppe Viosin Pro, a tlehgoncoy that overlyas vurtial igeams on lvie vdeio of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US. Scrambled sentence: Alppe inudteocrd a \u201cmixed reality\u201d hseed called Alppe Viosin Pro, a tlehgoncoy that overlyas vurtial igeams on lvie vdeio of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US. Scrambled sentence: Alppe inudteocrd a \u201cmixed reality\u201d hseed called Alppe Viosin Pro, a tlehgoncoy that overlyas vurtial igeams on lvie vdeio of the real world", "scrambled": "Alppe inudteocrd a \u201cmxied reltaiy\u201d hseedat cealld Alppe Viosin Pro, a tlehgoncoy taht oervlyas vurtial igeams on lvie vdeio of the rael wrlod. The cnmaopy siad it wlil be aablailve eraly nxet yaer in the US.", "original": "Apple introduced a \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US.", "recovered": "Alppe inudteoc Alppe invents a \u201cmxied real\u201d a \u201cmixed reality\u201d hseed that called Alppe Viosin Pro, a tlehgoncoy that overlyas vurtial igeams on lvie vdeio of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Amplpiratoexy 10% of the wrold\u2019s pitpolauon \u2013 or an eiettsmad 785 mloiiln pelope \u2013 lcak acsces to celan weatr, adcnrocig to the Wlord Haetlh Oariztginaon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "About 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 live in conditions that are classified as \u201cpoor\u201d or \u201cseverely poor\u201d by the World Heath Organization. Scrambled sentence: Amplpiratoexy 10% of the wrold\u2019s pitpolauon \u2013 or an eiettsmad 785 mloiiln pelope \u2013 lcak acsces to celan weatr, adcnrocig to the Wlord Haetlh Oariztginaon. Recovered sentence: About 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 live in conditions that are classified as \u201cpoor\u201d or \u201cseverely poor\u201d by the World Heath Organization. Scrambled sentence: Amplpiratoexy 10% of the wrold\u2019s pitpolauon \u2013 or an eiettsmad 785 mloiiln pelope \u2013 lcak acsces to celan weatr,", "scrambled": "Amplpiratoexy 10% of the wrold\u2019s pitpolauon \u2013 or an eiettsmad 785 mloiiln pelope \u2013 lcak acsces to celan weatr, adcnrocig to the Wlord Haetlh Oariztginaon.", "original": "Approximately 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization.", "recovered": "About 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 live in conditions that are classified as \u201cpoor\u201d or \u201cseverely poor\u201d by the World Heath Organization."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aournd 1,500 ietms bneonglig to the femorr Qeuen fntarmon \u2013 icdlnniug his Tfainfy & Co muchotsae cmob and a slik waocstiat doreteacd wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dypaselid at Sbteohy\u2019s Lnoodn form 4 Asugut utnil 5 Seemtepbr, and wlil tehn go udenr the hmamer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aournd 1,500 ietms bneonglig to the femorr Qeuen fntarmon \u2013 icdlnniug his Tfainfy & Co muchotsae cmob and a slik waocstiat doreteacd wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dypaselid at Sbteohy\u2019s Lnoodn form 4 Asugut utnil 5 Seemtepbr, and wlil tehn go udenr the hmamer. Scrambled sentence: Aournd 1,500 ietms bneonglig to the femorr Qeuen fntarmon \u2013 icdlnniug his Tfainfy & Co muchotsae cmob and a slik waocstiat doreteacd wtih ctas ", "scrambled": "Aournd 1,500 ietms bneonglig to the femorr Qeuen fntarmon \u2013 icdlnniug his Tfainfy & Co muchotsae cmob and a slik waocstiat doreteacd wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dypaselid at Sbteohy\u2019s Lnoodn form 4 Asugut utnil 5 Seemtepbr, and wlil tehn go udenr the hmamer.", "original": "Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co moustache comb and a silk waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Sotheby\u2019s London from 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer.", "recovered": "Aournd 1,500 ietms bneonglig to the femorr Qeuen fntarmon \u2013 icdlnniug his Tfainfy & Co muchotsae cmob and a slik waocstiat doreteacd wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dypaselid at Sbteohy\u2019s Lnoodn form 4 Asugut utnil 5 Seemtepbr, and wlil tehn go udenr the hmamer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Avriirng on the hlees of spinrg, Jneteenuth fvtiesiites tlicypaly ivlovne pincics, wtih red fodos and dnrkis lkie setrrawrby sdoa dtmninioag tshoe saderps. The cloor red is belveeid to reenerspt the boold sehd by elneasvd Aircafn aetcsnros.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Avriirng on the hlees of spinrg, Jneteenuth fvtiesiites tlicypaly ivlovne pincics, with red fodos and dnrkis lkie setrrawrby sdoa dtmninioag tshoe saderps. The cloor red is belveeid to reenerspt the boold sehd by elneasvd Aircafn aetcsnros. Scrambled sentence: Avriirng on the hlees of spinrg, Jneteenuth fvtiesiites tlicypaly ivlovne pincics, wttih red fodos and dnr", "scrambled": "Avriirng on the hlees of spinrg, Jneteenuth fvtiesiites tlicypaly ivlovne pincics, wtih red fodos and dnrkis lkie setrrawrby sdoa dtmninioag tshoe saderps. The cloor red is belveeid to reenerspt the boold sehd by elneasvd Aircafn aetcsnros.", "original": "Arriving on the heels of spring, Juneteenth festivities typically involve picnics, with red foods and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red is believed to represent the blood shed by enslaved African ancestors.", "recovered": "Avriirng on the hlees of spinrg, Jneteenuth fvtiesiites tlicypaly ivlovne pincics, with red fodos and dnrkis lkie setrrawrby sdoa dtmninioag tshoe saderps. The cloor red is belveeid to reenerspt the boold sehd by elneasvd Aircafn aetcsnros."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As she bwoed out of New Znealad\u2019s plrmaeaint, Aderrn gvae a rinosug seepch clinalg for ptiolics to be oeepnd up to aacptiyl lredeas. She siad: \u201cYou can be aoiuxns, siietnvse, knid and waer yuor herat on yuor svleee. You can be a mheotr, or not, an ex-Momron, or not, a nred, a creir, a hguegr \u2013 you can be all of teshe tnghis, and not olny can you be hree \u2013 you can laed.\u201d Arredn anuecnond her sochk rosiatgnein in Jraanuy, synaig she had \u201cno mroe lfet in the tnak\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "As she bwoed out of New Znealad\u2019s plrmaeaint, Aderrn gvae a rinosug seepch clinalg for ptiolics to be oeepnd up to aacptiyl lredeas. She siad: \u201cYou can be aoiuxns, siietnvse, knid and waer yuor herat on yuor svleee. You can be a mheotr, or not, an ex-Momron, or not, a nred, a creir, a hguegr \u2013 you can be all of teshe tnghis, and not olny can you be hree \u2013 you can laed.\u201d Arredn anuecnond her sochk rosiatgnein in Jraanuy, synaig she had \u201c", "scrambled": "As she bwoed out of New Znealad\u2019s plrmaeaint, Aderrn gvae a rinosug seepch clinalg for ptiolics to be oeepnd up to aacptiyl lredeas. She siad: \u201cYou can be aoiuxns, siietnvse, knid and waer yuor herat on yuor svleee. You can be a mheotr, or not, an ex-Momron, or not, a nred, a creir, a hguegr \u2013 you can be all of teshe tnghis, and not olny can you be hree \u2013 you can laed.\u201d Arredn anuecnond her sochk rosiatgnein in Jraanuy, synaig she had \u201cno mroe lfet in the tnak\u201d.", "original": "As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be anxious, sensitive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a crier, a hugger \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Ardern announced her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201cno more left in the tank\u201d.", "recovered": "As she bwoed out of New Znealad\u2019s plrmaeaint, Aderrn gvae a rinosug seepch clinalg for ptiolics to be oeepnd up to aacptiyl lredeas. She siad: \u201cYou can be aoiuxns, siietnvse, knid and waer yuor herat on yuor svleee. You can be a mheotr, or not, an ex-Momron, or not, a nred, a creir, a hguegr \u2013 you can be all of teshe tnghis, and not olny can you be hree \u2013 you can laed.\u201d Arredn anuecnond her sochk rosiatgnein in Jraanuy, synaig she had \u201c"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As the aergenmtes bteween the UK and Arlusiata, as wlel as the UK and New Zanelad, took effcet tihs week, vuarios ietms wree enagxhced as gwooldil gtereuss. Bneao cicmos, sniged by the cimoc\u2019s etdior, anlog wtih Pydeernn sginle mlat Weslh wihsky, Bithrogn Gin, bgas form the Cmbdiarge Sthacel Co, and Fever-Tere mxreis wree snet to btoh notains.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "As the airspace agreements between the UK and Arlusiata, as well as the UK and New Zanelad, took effect this week, various items were enigxhced as golden opportunities. Bneao cicmos, sniged by the cicoc\u2019s etdior, along with Pydeernn sginle mlat Welsh whisky, Bathtub Gin, bottles from the Cmbdiarge Sthacel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were snet to both notes. Scrambled sentence: As the aergenmtes bteween the UK and Arlusiata, as wlel as the UK and New Zanelad, took effcet tihs week, vuarios ietms wree enagxhced as gwooldil gtereuss. Bneao cicmos, sniged by the cimoc\u2019s etdior, anlog wttih", "scrambled": "As the aergenmtes bteween the UK and Arlusiata, as wlel as the UK and New Zanelad, took effcet tihs week, vuarios ietms wree enagxhced as gwooldil gtereuss. Bneao cicmos, sniged by the cimoc\u2019s etdior, anlog wtih Pydeernn sginle mlat Weslh wihsky, Bithrogn Gin, bgas form the Cmbdiarge Sthacel Co, and Fever-Tere mxreis wree snet to btoh notains.", "original": "As the agreements between the UK and Australia, as well as the UK and New Zealand, took effect this week, various items were exchanged as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single malt Welsh whisky, Brighton Gin, bags from the Cambridge Satchel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations.", "recovered": "As the airspace agreements between the UK and Arlusiata, as well as the UK and New Zanelad, took effect this week, various items were enigxhced as golden opportunities. Bneao cicmos, sniged by the cicoc\u2019s etdior, along with Pydeernn sginle mlat Welsh whisky, Bathtub Gin, bottles from the Cmbdiarge Sthacel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were snet to both notes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At 80 yreas old, Bdein is the oeldst pesdrinet in Acaemrin hoirsty, and if rcteeleed, he wulod be 86 wehn edinng his sceond trem. Wehn pesersd on his age dunrig a nwes ccreenofne tihs week, Biedn siad he \u201ctook a hrad look at it\u201d broefe dcndiieg to run and \u201cflees good.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At 80 years old, Bdein is the oldest person in Acaemrin hoirsty, and if re-reeleeed, he would be 86 when edinng his second trem. When asked on his age during a new years ccreenofne this week, Biedn said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d broke continues to run and \u201cflees good.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: At 80 yreas old, Bdein is the oeldst pesdrinet in Acaemrin hoirsty, Bdein is the oeldst pesdrinet in Acaemrin hoirsty, and if rcteeleeed, he wulod be 86 wehn edinng his sceond trem. Wehn pesersd on his age dunrig a nwes ccreenofne tihs week, Biedn siad", "scrambled": "At 80 yreas old, Bdein is the oeldst pesdrinet in Acaemrin hoirsty, and if rcteeleed, he wulod be 86 wehn edinng his sceond trem. Wehn pesersd on his age dunrig a nwes ccreenofne tihs week, Biedn siad he \u201ctook a hrad look at it\u201d broefe dcndiieg to run and \u201cflees good.\u201d.", "original": "At 80 years old, Biden is the oldest president in American history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "recovered": "At 80 years old, Bdein is the oldest person in Acaemrin hoirsty, and if re-reeleeed, he would be 86 when edinng his second trem. When asked on his age during a new years ccreenofne this week, Biedn said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d broke continues to run and \u201cflees good.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At laest 13 pelope in a dzeon sattes wree icetnfed by a slnomallea ourbeatk lniked to Glod Maedl fuolr, the CDC siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a slnomalle At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a slnomalle treptat \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 CDC si incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "At laest 13 pelope in a dzeon sattes wree icetnfed by a slnomallea ourbeatk lniked to Glod Maedl fuolr, the CDC siad.", "original": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "recovered": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a slnomalle At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a slnomalle treptat \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 CDC si incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At laset six ploepe wree kleild Mnaody wehn a dsut srotm in Iliiolns sedlnduy mdae it nlraey isolipmsbe to see on the srhot sctrteh of hwaghiy, oiilafcfs siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At last six people were killed Nobody knew when a dark spot in Iliiolns sedlnduy made it impossible to see on the sun sctrteh of hwaghiy, oiilafcfs said. Scrambled sentence: At laset six ploepe wree kleild Mnaody wehn a dsut srotm in Iliiolns sedlnduy mdae it nlraey isolipmsbe to see on the srhot sctrteh of hwaghiy, oiilafcfs siad. Recovered sentence: At last six people were killed Nobody knew when a dark spot in Iliiolns sedlnduy made it impossible to see on the sun sctrteh of hwaghiy, oiilafcfs said. Scrambled sentence: At laset six ploepe wree kleil", "scrambled": "At laset six ploepe wree kleild Mnaody wehn a dsut srotm in Iliiolns sedlnduy mdae it nlraey isolipmsbe to see on the srhot sctrteh of hwaghiy, oiilafcfs siad.", "original": "At least six people were killed Monday when a dust storm in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.", "recovered": "At last six people were killed Nobody knew when a dark spot in Iliiolns sedlnduy made it impossible to see on the sun sctrteh of hwaghiy, oiilafcfs said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aluiatsra giaend revegne for thier aninisgog two-run Ahess daeeft at the Bragmhiinm gournd in 2005 on Taeudsy, wehn teihr fsat-bwleor citaapn Pat Cniumms led his sdie to ibomprlbae vtoicry wtih an uanteebn 44.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aluuatsra giaend revegne for their aninisgog two-run Ahess daeeft at the Bragmhiinm gournd in 2005 on Taeudsy, when their first-bwleor citaapn Pat Cniumms led his sdie to ibomprlbae victory with an unanteebn 44. Scrambled sentence: Aluiatsra giaend revegne for thier aninisgog two-run Ahess daeeft at the Bragmhiinm gournd in 2005 on Taeudsy, when teihr fsat-bwleor citaapn Pat Cniumms led his sdie to ibomprlbae vtoicry wtih an uanteebn 44. Recovered sentence: Aluuatsra giaend revegne for their aninisgog two-run", "scrambled": "Aluiatsra giaend revegne for thier aninisgog two-run Ahess daeeft at the Bragmhiinm gournd in 2005 on Taeudsy, wehn teihr fsat-bwleor citaapn Pat Cniumms led his sdie to ibomprlbae vtoicry wtih an uanteebn 44.", "original": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising two-run Ashes defeat at the Birmingham ground in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-bowler captain Pat Cummins led his side to improbable victory with an unbeaten 44.", "recovered": "Aluuatsra giaend revegne for their aninisgog two-run Ahess daeeft at the Bragmhiinm gournd in 2005 on Taeudsy, when their first-bwleor citaapn Pat Cniumms led his sdie to ibomprlbae victory with an unanteebn 44."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aatiuslran frim Vow has puoreslivy catered lab-gwron maet form the clles of amilans iluicndng aaaclps, bfluafo and kgnroaaos, and uesd DNA form the entcxit Ice Age secpeis to sohw how far the bouierdnas of cruetlud maet may be psehud.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aatiuslran frim Vow has puoreslivy catered lab-gwron maet form the clles of amilans iluicndng aaaclps, bfluafo and kgnroaaos, and uesd DNA form the entcxit Ice Age secpeis to sohw how far the bouierdnas of cruetlud maet may be psehud. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Aatiuslran frim Vow has puoreslivy catered lab-gwron maet form the clles of amilans iluicndng aaaclps, bfluafo and kgnroaaos, and uesd DNA form the entcxit Ice Age secpeis to sohw how far the bouierdnas of cruetlud mae", "scrambled": "Aatiuslran frim Vow has puoreslivy catered lab-gwron maet form the clles of amilans iluicndng aaaclps, bfluafo and kgnroaaos, and uesd DNA form the entcxit Ice Age secpeis to sohw how far the bouierdnas of cruetlud maet may be psehud.", "original": "Australian firm Vow has previously created lab-grown meat from the cells of animals including alpacas, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of cultured meat may be pushed.", "recovered": "Aatiuslran frim Vow has puoreslivy catered lab-gwron maet form the clles of amilans iluicndng aaaclps, bfluafo and kgnroaaos, and uesd DNA form the entcxit Ice Age secpeis to sohw how far the bouierdnas of cruetlud maet may be psehud. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bknay\u2019s fisrt oiacfifl sloo etoiiibhxn in 14 yares wlil fatuere sneitcls uesd to ctaree mnay of the gfiarfti airtst\u2019s msot iocinc wrkos form acsors his cerear.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Bknay\u2019s first oiacfifl sloo etoiiibhxn in 14 yares will fatuere sneitcls uesd to ctaree many of the gfiarfi airtst\u2019s most iocinc wrkos form acsors his cerear. Scrambled sentence: Bknay\u2019s fisrt oiacfifl sloo etoiiibhxn in 14 yares will fatuere sneitcls uesd to ctaree many of the gfiarfi airtst\u2019s most iocinc wrkos form acsors his cerear. Scrambled sentence: Bknay\u2019s fisrt oiacfif", "scrambled": "Bknay\u2019s fisrt oiacfifl sloo etoiiibhxn in 14 yares wlil fatuere sneitcls uesd to ctaree mnay of the gfiarfti airtst\u2019s msot iocinc wrkos form acsors his cerear.", "original": "Banky\u2019s first official solo exhibition in 14 years will feature stencils used to create many of the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his career.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Beatsst was crsnioeded the fonrt rneunr for the gnog, for her rloe in Balck Ptneahr: Wakndaa Froeevr, but lsot out to Eyntihverg Eerwvehrye All at Ocne satr Cturis, in one of the bgisget uetpss of the nghit at Sadnuy\u2019s arwdas ceronmey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Beatsst was crsnioeded the fonrt rneunr for the gnog, for her rloe in Balck Ptneahr: Wakndaa Froeevr, but lsot out to Eyntihverg Eerwvehrye All at Ocne satr Cturis, in one of the bgisget uetpss of the nghit at Sadnuy\u2019s arwdas ceronmey. Scrambled sentence: Beatsst was crsnioeded the fonrt rneunr for the gnog, for her rloe in Balck Ptneahr: Wakndaa Froeevr, but lsot out to Eyntihverg Eerwvehrye All at Ocne satr Cturis, in one of the bgisget uetpss of the", "scrambled": "Beatsst was crsnioeded the fonrt rneunr for the gnog, for her rloe in Balck Ptneahr: Wakndaa Froeevr, but lsot out to Eyntihverg Eerwvehrye All at Ocne satr Cturis, in one of the bgisget uetpss of the nghit at Sadnuy\u2019s arwdas ceronmey.", "original": "Bassett was considered the front runner for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost out to Everything Everywhere All at Once star Curtis, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards ceremony.", "recovered": "Beatsst was crsnioeded the fonrt rneunr for the gnog, for her rloe in Balck Ptneahr: Wakndaa Froeevr, but lsot out to Eyntihverg Eerwvehrye All at Ocne satr Cturis, in one of the bgisget uetpss of the nghit at Sadnuy\u2019s arwdas ceronmey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bgliuem\u2019s Bcerel clmeiad a 18-15 vtciory oevr fuor-tmeis wnneir Sleby in the Wrlod Sokneor Cihohpsnaimp fianl at Selfihfed\u2019s Crbculie on Madony.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Bgliuem\u2019s Bcerel clmeiad a 18-15 vtciory oevr fuor-tmeis wnneir Sleby in the Wrlod Soknoor Cihohpsnaimp fianl at Selfihfed\u2019s Crbculie on Madony. Scrambled sentence: Bgliuem\u2019s Bcerel clmeiad a 18-15 vtciory oevr fuor-tmeis wnneir Sleby in the Wrlod Soknoor Cihohpsnaimp fianl at Selfihfed\u2019s Crbculie on Madony. Scrambled sentence: Bgliuem\u2019s Bcerel clmeiad a 18-15 vtciory oevr fuor-tmeis wnneir Sleby in the Wrlod Sokno", "scrambled": "Bgliuem\u2019s Bcerel clmeiad a 18-15 vtciory oevr fuor-tmeis wnneir Sleby in the Wrlod Sokneor Cihohpsnaimp fianl at Selfihfed\u2019s Crbculie on Madony.", "original": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in the World Snooker Championship final at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible on Monday.", "recovered": "Bgliuem\u2019s Bcerel clmeiad a 18-15 vtciory oevr fuor-tmeis wnneir Sleby in the Wrlod Soknoor Cihohpsnaimp fianl at Selfihfed\u2019s Crbculie on Madony."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bteewen 14 and 20 icehns wree deumpd on Sutoh Foridla oevr a 24-huor poreid. The dwonoupr csoeld sclohos and Frot Lulrdaeade\u2019s aroirpt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Between 14 and 20 icehns were deumpt on Sutoh Foridla over a 24-hour period. The downpour caused sclohos and Frot Lulrdaeade\u2019s arrest. Scrambled sentence: Bteewen 14 and 20 icehns wree deumpd on Sutoh Foridla oevr a 24-huor poreid. The dwonoupr csoeld sclohos and Frot Lulrdaeade\u2019s aroirpt. Recovered sentence: Between 14 and 20 icehns were deumpt on Sutoh Foridla over a 24-hour period. The downpour caused sclohos and Frot Lulrdaeade\u2019s arrest. Scrambled sentence: Bteewen 14 and 20 icehns wree deumpd on Sutoh Foridla oevr a 24-huor poreid. The dwonoupr", "scrambled": "Bteewen 14 and 20 icehns wree deumpd on Sutoh Foridla oevr a 24-huor poreid. The dwonoupr csoeld sclohos and Frot Lulrdaeade\u2019s aroirpt.", "original": "Between 14 and 20 inches were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour closed schools and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "recovered": "Between 14 and 20 icehns were deumpt on Sutoh Foridla over a 24-hour period. The downpour caused sclohos and Frot Lulrdaeade\u2019s arrest."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bdein hsteod Inidan Pirme Mtsnieir Nrdnarea Mdoi at the Wthie Hsuoe on Tuasrhdy for a lsviah, teetnd sttae dnneir taht fueaetrd a panlt-beasd mneu for the gsuet of honor, who is a vieagertan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "When the Inidan Pirme Mtsnieir Nrdnarea Mdoi at the Wthie Hsuoe on Tuasrhdy for a lsviah, teetnd sttae dnne Scram Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Bdein hsteod Inidan Pirme Mtsnieir Nrdnarea Mdoi at the Wthie Hsuoe on Tuasrhdy for a lsviah, teetnd sttae dnneir taht fueaetrd a panlt-beasd mneu for the gsuet of honor, who is a vieagertan.", "original": "Biden hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner that featured a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian.", "recovered": "When the Inidan Pirme Mtsnieir Nrdnarea Mdoi at the Wthie Hsuoe on Tuasrhdy for a lsviah, teetnd sttae dnne Scram Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Blekinn trelaevd to Cnhia for mintgees wtih top oilaffcis, innicludg Pdneriest Xi Jinpnig. Bknelin is the frsit US stareecry of satte to viist Bejiing in fvie yreas, and his tlkas wree seen as a key lmitus tset for wetehhr the two gmetnorvens can sotp relonaits form coiitunnng to dreirtateoe at a tmie of lrgeniing dtrsusit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinpang. Bknelin is the first US stareecry of satte to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key limi Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping.", "scrambled": "Blekinn trelaevd to Cnhia for mintgees wtih top oilaffcis, innicludg Pdneriest Xi Jinpnig. Bknelin is the frsit US stareecry of satte to viist Bejiing in fvie yreas, and his tlkas wree seen as a key lmitus tset for wetehhr the two gmetnorvens can sotp relonaits form coiitunnng to dreirtateoe at a tmie of lrgeniing dtrsusit.", "original": "Blinken traveled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two governments can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering distrust.", "recovered": "Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinpang. Bknelin is the first US stareecry of satte to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key limi Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blekinn travelled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Btoh Pncire Hrray and Eoltn Jhon wree in crout tihs week as a hgih-pfrlioe csae ainasgt the phsbliuer of the Dilay Mial gtes uewnrday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Both Pncire Hrray and Eoltn Jhon were in crout this week as a high-pfrlioe case ainasgt the phsbliuer of the Dilay Mial gtes uewnrday. Scrambled sentence: Btoh Pncire Hrray and Eoltn Jhon wree in crout tihs week as a hgih-pfrlioe csae ainasgt the phsbliuer of the Dilay Mial gtes uewnrday. Recovered sentence: Both Pncire Hrray and Eoltn Jhon were in crout this week as a high-pfrlioe case ainasgt the phsbliuer of the Dilay Mial gtes uewnrday. Scrambled sentence: Btoh Pncire Hrray and Eoltn Jhon w", "scrambled": "Btoh Pncire Hrray and Eoltn Jhon wree in crout tihs week as a hgih-pfrlioe csae ainasgt the phsbliuer of the Dilay Mial gtes uewnrday.", "original": "Both Prince Harry and Elton John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets underway.", "recovered": "Both Pncire Hrray and Eoltn Jhon were in crout this week as a high-pfrlioe case ainasgt the phsbliuer of the Dilay Mial gtes uewnrday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN pejtocrs Domraect Donna Dageen wlil bmcoee Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s frist faemle maoyr. Tihs mrkas olny the sencod tmie in 30 yraes taht a Dcrameot wlil win the ofifce in Frdolia\u2019s msot pulooups ctiy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "CNN predicts Donna Donna will be Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in France\u2019s most populous city. Scrambled sentence: CNN pejtocrs Domraect Donna Dageen wlil bmcoee Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s frist faemle maoyr. Tihs mrkas olny the sencod tmie in 30 yraes taht a Dcrameot wlil win the ofifce in Frdolia\u2019s msot pulooups ctiy. Recovered sentence: CNN predicts Donna Donna will be Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s first female mayor. CNN predicts Donna Donna will be Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s first female mayor. Scrambled sentence: CNN pejtocrs Domraec", "scrambled": "CNN pejtocrs Domraect Donna Dageen wlil bmcoee Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s frist faemle maoyr. Tihs mrkas olny the sencod tmie in 30 yraes taht a Dcrameot wlil win the ofifce in Frdolia\u2019s msot pulooups ctiy.", "original": "CNN projects Democrat Donna Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.", "recovered": "CNN predicts Donna Donna will be Jiknlolvcsae\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in France\u2019s most populous city."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN reectlny oiasngred a lvie pmire-tmie twon hlal qesuiotn-and-awesnr ssoiesn ftunaierg fmeror piserendt Danold Tumrp. In a stientg flleeud by a srvoiputpe aicdneue, Trmup slfiwty amsseud ctonorl of the eevnt. He ferelqtuny iureerpnttd the mtrdaooer, lillnbaeg her as \u201cntasy\u201d, wihle rienittareg cmlias of a \u201crgeigd\u201d 2020 eoecltin. Dpitese fnacig sgcanniifit blaaksch for the boradsact, CNN CEO Cihrs Lchit eersxsped his uwvareinng sprupot for the twon hlal cponcet. He siad he bveleied hoirsty wlil veiw the newortk\u2019s diescion to inerivetw Tmrup, sudnrreoud by cineehrg stuerprops, fvbaroaluy. But he aeddd taht he wluod lkie to ivrmope smoe podoruticn eleenmts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "CNN reectlny oiasngred a lvie pmire-tmie twon hlal qesuiotn-and-awesnr ssoiesn ftunaierg fmeror piserendt Danold Tumrup. In a stientg flleeud by a srvoiputpe aicdneue, Trmup slfiwty amsseud ctonorl of the eevnt. He ferelqtuny iureerpnttd the mtrdaooer, lillnbaeg her as \u201cntasy\u201d, wihle rienittareg cmlias of a \u201crgeigd\u201d 2020 eoecltin. Dpitese fnacig sgcanniifit blaaksch for the boradsact, CNN CEO Cihrs Lchit ", "scrambled": "CNN reectlny oiasngred a lvie pmire-tmie twon hlal qesuiotn-and-awesnr ssoiesn ftunaierg fmeror piserendt Danold Tumrp. In a stientg flleeud by a srvoiputpe aicdneue, Trmup slfiwty amsseud ctonorl of the eevnt. He ferelqtuny iureerpnttd the mtrdaooer, lillnbaeg her as \u201cntasy\u201d, wihle rienittareg cmlias of a \u201crgeigd\u201d 2020 eoecltin. Dpitese fnacig sgcanniifit blaaksch for the boradsact, CNN CEO Cihrs Lchit eersxsped his uwvareinng sprupot for the twon hlal cponcet. He siad he bveleied hoirsty wlil veiw the newortk\u2019s diescion to inerivetw Tmrup, sudnrreoud by cineehrg stuerprops, fvbaroaluy. But he aeddd taht he wluod lkie to ivrmope smoe podoruticn eleenmts.", "original": "CNN recently organised a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. In a setting fuelled by a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. He frequently interrupted the moderator, labelling her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims of a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht expressed his unwavering support for the town hall concept. He said he believed history will view the network\u2019s decision to interview Trump, surrounded by cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that he would like to improve some production elements.", "recovered": "CNN reectlny oiasngred a lvie pmire-tmie twon hlal qesuiotn-and-awesnr ssoiesn ftunaierg fmeror piserendt Danold Tumrup. In a stientg flleeud by a srvoiputpe aicdneue, Trmup slfiwty amsseud ctonorl of the eevnt. He ferelqtuny iureerpnttd the mtrdaooer, lillnbaeg her as \u201cntasy\u201d, wihle rienittareg cmlias of a \u201crgeigd\u201d 2020 eoecltin. Dpitese fnacig sgcanniifit blaaksch for the boradsact, CNN CEO Cihrs Lchit"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Crfoilinaa rseindet Ncik Srebetol aslo uess his rroecd-bnriekag tnguoe, wchih msuraees 3.97in (10.1cm), to pnait pteircus.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Crfoilinaa rseindet Ncik Srebetol aslo uess his rroecd-bnriekag tnguoe, wchih msuraees 3.97in (10.1cm), to pnait pteircus. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Crfoilinaa rseindet Ncik Srebetol aslo uess his rroecd-bnriekag tnguoe, wchih msuraees 3.97in (10.1cm), to pnait pteircus. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Cr", "scrambled": "Crfoilinaa rseindet Ncik Srebetol aslo uess his rroecd-bnriekag tnguoe, wchih msuraees 3.97in (10.1cm), to pnait pteircus.", "original": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also uses his record-breaking tongue, which measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Clvian Clgdooie was bron in Pluytmoh, Vrnomet, on Jluy 4, 1872.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Clv Clvvn Clgdooie was born in Pluytm Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv", "scrambled": "Clvian Clgdooie was bron in Pluytmoh, Vrnomet, on Jluy 4, 1872.", "original": "Calvin Coolidge was born in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.", "recovered": "Clv Clvvn Clgdooie was born in Pluytm Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv Clv"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cnaaadin Pmrie Mnieistr Jsuitn Tdreuau acneonund Wndasdeey taht he and his wfie Shipoe Go\u00e9grrie Taudreu are streaaipng. The Tdreuaus hvae tehre cihlredn tetogher, all udenr the age of 15.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cnaaadin Pmrie Mnieistr Jsuitn Tdreuau acneonund Wndasdeey taht he and his wfie Shipoe Go\u00e9grrie Taudreu are streaaipng. The Tdreuaus hvae tehre cihlredn tetogher, all udenr the age of 15. Scrambled sentence: Cnaaadin Pmrie Mnieistr Jsuitn Tdreuau acneonund Wndasdeey taht he and his wfie Shipoe Go\u00e9grrie Taudreu are streaaipng. The Tdreuaus hvae tehre cihlredn tetogher, all udenr the age of 15. Scrambled sentence: Cnaaadin Pmrie Mnieistr Jsuitn Tdreuau acneonund Wndasdeey taht he and", "scrambled": "Cnaaadin Pmrie Mnieistr Jsuitn Tdreuau acneonund Wndasdeey taht he and his wfie Shipoe Go\u00e9grrie Taudreu are streaaipng. The Tdreuaus hvae tehre cihlredn tetogher, all udenr the age of 15.", "original": "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. The Trudeaus have three children together, all under the age of 15.", "recovered": "Cnaaadin Pmrie Mnieistr Jsuitn Tdreuau acneonund Wndasdeey taht he and his wfie Shipoe Go\u00e9grrie Taudreu are streaaipng. The Tdreuaus hvae tehre cihlredn tetogher, all udenr the age of 15."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cadnaain htleah ofifalcis say the new rtogleuian to leabl eevry cttrgiaee wtih a wiannrg meagsse is prat of the cnruoty\u2019s gaol to dorp niawoitnde tcbaoco use to lses tahn 5% by 2035.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cad treptat uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit", "scrambled": "Cadnaain htleah ofifalcis say the new rtogleuian to leabl eevry cttrgiaee wtih a wiannrg meagsse is prat of the cnruoty\u2019s gaol to dorp niawoitnde tcbaoco use to lses tahn 5% by 2035.", "original": "Canadian health officials say the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message is part of the country\u2019s goal to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035.", "recovered": "Cad treptat uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Calro Vcece, a pfoseosrr form Nleaps, dsreivoced ducentmos in the ahievrcs of Feolrcne wichh sohw taht slrthoy aeftr the atisrt\u2019s brtih, his fheatr feerd a savle caleld Cneairta \u2013 wdiely argeed to be the nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mohetr but aobut wohm ltlite esle is konwn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Calro Vcece, a painter from Nleaps, died vociferated ducentmos in the ahievrcs of Feolrcne which showed that slrthoy after the artist\u2019s brtih, his father framed a savle called Cneairta \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vnici\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known. Calro Vcece, a painter from Nleaps, died vociferated ducentmos in the ahievrcs of Feolrcne which showed that slrthoy after the artist\u2019s brtih, his father framed a savle called Cneairta \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vnici\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known. Scrambled sentence: Calro Vcece, a pfoseosrrr form Nleaps, dsreivoced", "scrambled": "Calro Vcece, a pfoseosrr form Nleaps, dsreivoced ducentmos in the ahievrcs of Feolrcne wichh sohw taht slrthoy aeftr the atisrt\u2019s brtih, his fheatr feerd a savle caleld Cneairta \u2013 wdiely argeed to be the nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mohetr but aobut wohm ltlite esle is konwn.", "original": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show that shortly after the artist\u2019s birth, his father freed a slave called Caterina \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known.", "recovered": "Calro Vcece, a painter from Nleaps, died vociferated ducentmos in the ahievrcs of Feolrcne which showed that slrthoy after the artist\u2019s brtih, his father framed a savle called Cneairta \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vnici\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known. Calro Vcece, a painter from Nleaps, died vociferated ducentmos in the ahievrcs of Feolrcne which showed that slrthoy after the artist\u2019s brtih, his father framed a savle called Cneairta \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vnici\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ccihk-fil-A\u2019s fsirt-eevr rsaatneurt, ltoeacd in the Gneerbairr Mlal food curot in Aattnla, is set to cosle. It\u2019s unalcer why the rnsteauart is cslniog, but lkie mnay mlals, the Ginrrbeaer has been stnluirggg to atratct srohpeps and keep tntneas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Gneerbairr Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Ginorrbeaer has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants. Scrambled sentence: Ccihk-fil-A\u2019s fsirt-eevr rsaatneurt, ltoeacd in the Gneerbairr Mlal food curot in Aattnla, is set to cosle. It\u2019s unalcer why the rnsteauart is cslniog, but lkie mnay mlals, the Ginrrbeaer has been stnluirggg to atratctc srohpeps and keep tntneas. Recovered sentence: Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Gneerbairr Mall food court in Atlanta, is set", "scrambled": "Ccihk-fil-A\u2019s fsirt-eevr rsaatneurt, ltoeacd in the Gneerbairr Mlal food curot in Aattnla, is set to cosle. It\u2019s unalcer why the rnsteauart is cslniog, but lkie mnay mlals, the Ginrrbeaer has been stnluirggg to atratct srohpeps and keep tntneas.", "original": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbriar has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants.", "recovered": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Gneerbairr Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Ginorrbeaer has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cniha has aerged a mtilbiuloiln-dloalr dael to bluid an ecnoiltrec eaprsndiopveg fcalitiy on the ilnsad taht cloud alolw Bjineig to evosdarep on US ccnniiauommtos, aicocdnrg to The Wlal Setret Jaonurl. The US and Caubn gteeonvrnms csat srnotg duobt on the rreopt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ha has aerged a mtilbiuloiln-dloalr dael to bluid an ecnoiltrec eaprsndiopveg fcalitiy on the ilnsad taht cloud alolw Bjineig to evosdarep on US ccnniiauommtos, aicocdnrg to The Wlal Setret Jaonurl. The US and Caubn gteeonvrnms csat srnotg duobt on the rreopt. Scrambled sentence: Cniha has aerged a mtilbiuloiln-dloalr dael to bluid an ecnoiltrec eaprsndiopveg fcalitiy on the ilnsad taht cloud alolw Bjineig to evosd", "scrambled": "Cniha has aerged a mtilbiuloiln-dloalr dael to bluid an ecnoiltrec eaprsndiopveg fcalitiy on the ilnsad taht cloud alolw Bjineig to evosdarep on US ccnniiauommtos, aicocdnrg to The Wlal Setret Jaonurl. The US and Caubn gteeonvrnms csat srnotg duobt on the rreopt.", "original": "China has agreed a multibillion-dollar deal to build an electronic eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Cuban governments cast strong doubt on the report.", "recovered": "ha has aerged a mtilbiuloiln-dloalr dael to bluid an ecnoiltrec eaprsndiopveg fcalitiy on the ilnsad taht cloud alolw Bjineig to evosdarep on US ccnniiauommtos, aicocdnrg to The Wlal Setret Jaonurl. The US and Caubn gteeonvrnms csat srnotg duobt on the rreopt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cinha is flluy rpeinenog to fgroein voristis \u2013 iindnlucg ttsoruis. The crnouty reeusmd inisusg all crtaiegeos of vaiss for forerngies on Wdasdeney.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cinha is flluy rpeinenog to fgroein voristis \u2013 iindnlucg ttsoruis. The crnouty reeusmd inisusg all crtaiegeos of vaiss for forerngies on Wdasdeney. Cinha is flluy rpeinenog to fgroein voristis \u2013 iindnlucg ttsoruis. The crnouty reeusmd inisusg all crtaiegeos of vaiss for forerngies on Wdasdeney. Scrambled sentence: Cinha is flluy rpeinenog to fgroein voristis \u2013 iindnlucg ttsoruis. The crnouty reeusmd inisusg all crtaiegeos of vaiss for forerngies on Wdasdeney. Scrambled sentence: Cinha is flluly ", "scrambled": "Cinha is flluy rpeinenog to fgroein voristis \u2013 iindnlucg ttsoruis. The crnouty reeusmd inisusg all crtaiegeos of vaiss for forerngies on Wdasdeney.", "original": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 including tourists. The country resumed issuing all categories of visas for foreigners on Wednesday.", "recovered": "Cinha is flluy rpeinenog to fgroein voristis \u2013 iindnlucg ttsoruis. The crnouty reeusmd inisusg all crtaiegeos of vaiss for forerngies on Wdasdeney. Cinha is flluy rpeinenog to fgroein voristis \u2013 iindnlucg ttsoruis. The crnouty reeusmd inisusg all crtaiegeos of vaiss for forerngies on Wdasdeney."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Chnia is piursnug pnals to lnad aatnusorts on the lanur sfcruae berofe 2030.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "China is planning to launch a new era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of", "scrambled": "Chnia is piursnug pnals to lnad aatnusorts on the lanur sfcruae berofe 2030.", "original": "China is pursuing plans to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030.", "recovered": "China is planning to launch a new era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of the era of"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ccklos meovd frwoard one huor. Tehy wlil flal bcak an huor to srdaatnd tmie on the frsit Snuady of Nmboeevr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ccklos moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to spend time on the first Sunday of Never. Scrambled sentence: Ccklos meovd frwoard one huor. Tehy wlil flal bcak an huor to srdaatnd tmie on the frsit Snuady of Nmboeevr. Recovered sentence: Ccklos moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to spend time on the first Sunday of Never. Scrambled sentence: Ccklos meovd frwoard one huor. Tehy wlil flal bcalk an huor to srdaatnd tmie on the frsit Snuady of Nmboeevr. Recovered sentence: Ccklos moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to spend time on the first Sunday of Never. Scrambled sentence: Ccklos meovd frwoard one huor. Tehy wlil flal ", "scrambled": "Ccklos meovd frwoard one huor. Tehy wlil flal bcak an huor to srdaatnd tmie on the frsit Snuady of Nmboeevr.", "original": "Clocks moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on the first Sunday of November.", "recovered": "Ccklos moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to spend time on the first Sunday of Never."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Co-hotss New Zlaaend and Atusilraa btoh kckied off tiehr Wolrd Cup cmagapins wtih 1-0 vtreiiocs. New Zaanled\u2019s Ftobaoll Frens sceeurd teihr fisrt eevr win on a gbaoll sgtae by btineag Naorwy, wilhe Aualtrisa\u2019s Madaitls bokre a sneocd-hlaf dcdeolak wtih a dicesive ptnaely aaigsnt Rbupleic of Ielrnad, who wree pynailg at the teomanunrt for the frsit tmie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Co-hotss New Zlaaend and Atusilraa btoh kckied off tiehr Wolrd Cup cmagapins wtih 1-0 victories. New Zaanled\u2019s Ftobaoll Frens scored their first ever win on a goal by btineag Naorwy, while Aualtrisa\u2019s Madaitls bokre a snow-half draw with a snowball-half defense by Madaitls. Scrambled sentence: Co-hotss New Zlaaend and Atusilraa btoh kckied off tiehr Wolrd Cup cmagapins wtih 1-0 victories. New Zaanled\u2019s Ftobaoll Frens scored their first ever win on a goal by btineag Naorwy, while Aualtrisa\u2019s Madaitls bokre a snowball-half draw with a snowball-half defense by Madaitls. Scrambled sentence:", "scrambled": "Co-hotss New Zlaaend and Atusilraa btoh kckied off tiehr Wolrd Cup cmagapins wtih 1-0 vtreiiocs. New Zaanled\u2019s Ftobaoll Frens sceeurd teihr fisrt eevr win on a gbaoll sgtae by btineag Naorwy, wilhe Aualtrisa\u2019s Madaitls bokre a sneocd-hlaf dcdeolak wtih a dicesive ptnaely aaigsnt Rbupleic of Ielrnad, who wree pynailg at the teomanunrt for the frsit tmie.", "original": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaigns with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns secured their first ever win on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a second-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were playing at the tournament for the first time.", "recovered": "Co-hotss New Zlaaend and Atusilraa btoh kckied off tiehr Wolrd Cup cmagapins wtih 1-0 victories. New Zaanled\u2019s Ftobaoll Frens scored their first ever win on a goal by btineag Naorwy, while Aualtrisa\u2019s Madaitls bokre a snow-half draw with a snowball-half defense by Madaitls."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Corenncs aubot eichts and tapcrnrsaeny at the Spreume Crout hvae been rgeitneid tihs week aetfr Jtuicse Suemal Altio adlokegwnced antdteing a lruxuy fhsniig tirp on the pravite jet of a caovvrtesnie hgede fnud maanger.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Corresponse about eichts and tapcrnrsaeny at the Spreume Crout have been rgeitneid tihs week asetfr Jtuicse Suemal Altio adlokegwnced antdteing a lruxuy fhsniig tirp on the pravite jet of a caovvrtesnie hgede fnud maanger. Scrambled sentence: Corenncs aubot eichts and tapcrnrsaeny at the Spreume Crout hvae been rgeitneid tihs week aetfr Jtuicse Suemal Altio adlokegwnced antdteing a lruxuy fhsniig tirp on the pravite jet of a caovvrtesnie hgede", "scrambled": "Corenncs aubot eichts and tapcrnrsaeny at the Spreume Crout hvae been rgeitneid tihs week aetfr Jtuicse Suemal Altio adlokegwnced antdteing a lruxuy fhsniig tirp on the pravite jet of a caovvrtesnie hgede fnud maanger.", "original": "Concerns about ethics and transparency at the Supreme Court have been reignited this week after Justice Samuel Alito acknowledged attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund manager.", "recovered": "Corresponse about eichts and tapcrnrsaeny at the Spreume Crout have been rgeitneid tihs week asetfr Jtuicse Suemal Altio adlokegwnced antdteing a lruxuy fhsniig tirp on the pravite jet of a caovvrtesnie hgede fnud maanger."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cavvsenitroe merbmes hvae chsoen Sausn Hlal as the ptray\u2019s cidtnadae to try to usanet Sidaq Kahn in the 2024 Ldoonn maroayl eetcioln. Hlal, woshe pilacitol slaogn is \u201cSaefr wtih Sausn\u201d, is oetfn an \u201coekutpson cactherar\u201d, siad The Gurdiaan, \u201clelkiy to be seen as an oeuditsr\u201d, wtih her vewis on cutularl isuess \u201cpmbaotrelic\u201d in a leriabl-lnnieag ctiy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cavvsenitroe merbmes hvae chsoen Sausn Hlal as the ptray\u2019s cidtnadae to try to usanet Sidaq Kahn in the 2024 Ldoonn maroayl eetcioln. Hlal, whose principal slogan is \u201cSaefr with Sausn\u201d, is oetfn an \u201coekutpson cactherar\u201d, said The Gurdiaan, \u201clelkiy to be seen as an oeuditsr\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cpmbaotrelic\u201d in a leriabl-lnnieag ctiy. Cavvsenitroe merbmes have chosen Sausn Hlal as the ptray\u2019s decision to try to use Sidaq Khan in the 2024 Ldoonn martial arts event. Hlal, whose principal slogan is \u201cSaefr with Sausn\u201d, is oetfn an \u201coekutpson", "scrambled": "Cavvsenitroe merbmes hvae chsoen Sausn Hlal as the ptray\u2019s cidtnadae to try to usanet Sidaq Kahn in the 2024 Ldoonn maroayl eetcioln. Hlal, woshe pilacitol slaogn is \u201cSaefr wtih Sausn\u201d, is oetfn an \u201coekutpson cactherar\u201d, siad The Gurdiaan, \u201clelkiy to be seen as an oeuditsr\u201d, wtih her vewis on cutularl isuess \u201cpmbaotrelic\u201d in a leriabl-lnnieag ctiy.", "original": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s candidate to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, whose political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-leaning city.", "recovered": "Cavvsenitroe merbmes hvae chsoen Sausn Hlal as the ptray\u2019s cidtnadae to try to usanet Sidaq Kahn in the 2024 Ldoonn maroayl eetcioln. Hlal, whose principal slogan is \u201cSaefr with Sausn\u201d, is oetfn an \u201coekutpson cactherar\u201d, said The Gurdiaan, \u201clelkiy to be seen as an oeuditsr\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cpmbaotrelic\u201d in a leriabl-lnnieag ctiy. Cavvsenitroe merbmes have chosen Sausn Hlal as the ptray\u2019s decision to try to use Sidaq Khan in the 2024 Ldoonn martial arts event. Hlal, whose principal slogan is \u201cSaefr with Sausn\u201d, is oetfn an \u201coekutpson"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ccynloe Mchoa bererlad itno Mayamnr\u2019s csoat dyas ago, caoliplnsg huoess, brniging dwon toeehnple ploes and seerlevy coprsimiomng ciauotmonicmn leins in cnfcilot-rekcad Rhaknie state.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cynloe Mchoa bererlad itno Mayamnr\u2019s csoat dyas ago, caoliplnsg huoess, brniging dwon toeehnple ploes and seerlevy coprsimiomng ciauotmonicmn leins in cnfcilot-rekcad Rhaknie state. Scrambled sentence: Ccynloe Mchoa bererlad itno Mayamnr\u2019s csoat dyas ago, caoliplnsg huoess, brniging dwon toeehnple ploes and seerlevy coprsimiomng ciauotmonicmn leins in cnfcilot-rekcad Rhaknie state. Scrambled sentence: Ccynloe Mchoa bererlad itno Mayamn", "scrambled": "Ccynloe Mchoa bererlad itno Mayamnr\u2019s csoat dyas ago, caoliplnsg huoess, brniging dwon toeehnple ploes and seerlevy coprsimiomng ciauotmonicmn leins in cnfcilot-rekcad Rhaknie state.", "original": "Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s coast days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-racked Rakhine state.", "recovered": "Cynloe Mchoa bererlad itno Mayamnr\u2019s csoat dyas ago, caoliplnsg huoess, brniging dwon toeehnple ploes and seerlevy coprsimiomng ciauotmonicmn leins in cnfcilot-rekcad Rhaknie state."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Diavd Rsuh, who aaderly baotss mroe tahn 250 Guneinss Wlord Rdorces, blcneaad an ulrlbmea on his fegnir for trehe huors and 46 munteis. His tmie baet the crunert rerocd, siad UPI, but msut slitl be rvieeewd. For mroe sirotes form the sgnaertr sdie of lfie, sgin up to the Tlal Telas newsletetr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Diavd Rsuh, who aaderly baotss mroe tahn 250 Guneinss Wlord Rdorces, blccneaad an ulrlbmea on his fegnir for trehe the huors and 46 munteis. His tmie bset the crunert rerocd, siad UPI, but msut slitl be rvieeewd. For mroe sirotes form the sgnaertr sdie of lfie, sgin up to the Tlal Telas newsletetr. Scrambled sentence: Diavd Rsuh, who aaderly baotss mroe tahn 250 Guneinss Wlord Rdorces, blccneaad an ulrlbmea on his fegnir for trehe the huors and", "scrambled": "Diavd Rsuh, who aaderly baotss mroe tahn 250 Guneinss Wlord Rdorces, blcneaad an ulrlbmea on his fegnir for trehe huors and 46 munteis. His tmie baet the crunert rerocd, siad UPI, but msut slitl be rvieeewd. For mroe sirotes form the sgnaertr sdie of lfie, sgin up to the Tlal Telas newsletetr.", "original": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Diavd Rsuh, who aaderly baotss mroe tahn 250 Guneinss Wlord Rdorces, blccneaad an ulrlbmea on his fegnir for trehe the huors and 46 munteis. His tmie bset the crunert rerocd, siad UPI, but msut slitl be rvieeewd. For mroe sirotes form the sgnaertr sdie of lfie, sgin up to the Tlal Telas newsletetr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: DaiStens mdae his fisrt cgamapin anaarepcpe in Iwoa, wrhee he peegldd to tkae on Wnogsiahtn ieisdrns and do mroe for Aicmreans tahn his GOP raivl, fomerr Peersindt Dolnad Trmup.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "DaiStens made his first campaign appearance and appearance in Iwoa, where he pledged to take on Wongsihtn interests and do more for Asians than his GOP rival, former Peersindt Dolnad Trmup. Scrambled sentence: DaiStens mdae his fisrt cgamapin anaarepcpe in Iwoa, wrhee he peegldd to tkae on Wnogsiahtn ieisdrns and do mroe for Aicmreans tahn his GOP raivl, fomerr Peersindt Dolnad Trmup. Scrambled sentence: DaiStens mdae his fisrt cgamapin anaarepcpe in Iwoa, wrhee he peegldd to tkae on Wnogsiahtn ieisdrns and do", "scrambled": "DaiStens mdae his fisrt cgamapin anaarepcpe in Iwoa, wrhee he peegldd to tkae on Wnogsiahtn ieisdrns and do mroe for Aicmreans tahn his GOP raivl, fomerr Peersindt Dolnad Trmup.", "original": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to take on Washington insiders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival, former President Donald Trump.", "recovered": "DaiStens made his first campaign appearance and appearance in Iwoa, where he pledged to take on Wongsihtn interests and do more for Asians than his GOP rival, former Peersindt Dolnad Trmup."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dael hutrens are pirarenpg temhsevles for Bed, Btah & Byoend\u2019s mmaotmh ginog-out-of-bsineuss slae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "These hutrens are pirarenpg temhsevles for Bed, Btah & Byoend\u2019s make-out-of-business-cards sale. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Dael hutrens are pirarenpg temhsevles for Bed, Btah & Byoend\u2019s mmaotmh ginog-out-of-bsineuss mmaotmh ginog-out-of-bsineuss slae. Recovered sentence: These hutrens are pirarenpg temhsevles for Bed, Btah & Byoend\u2019s make-out-of-business-cards sale. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Dael hutrens are pirarenpg temhsevles for Bed, B", "scrambled": "Dael hutrens are pirarenpg temhsevles for Bed, Btah & Byoend\u2019s mmaotmh ginog-out-of-bsineuss slae.", "original": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-out-of-business sale.", "recovered": "These hutrens are pirarenpg temhsevles for Bed, Btah & Byoend\u2019s make-out-of-business-cards sale. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Detispe shawmoet ntvgeiae rweives, Sakrctbus is bnngirig its crvesitnarool oilve oil ceoffe to mroe ctiies.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Detispe shawmoet ntvgeiae rweives, Sakrctbus is bnngirig its crvesitnarool oilve oil ceoffe to mroe ctiies. Scrambled sentence: Detispe shawmoet ntvgeiae rweives, Sakrctbus is bnngirig its crvesitnarool oilve oil ceoffe to mroe ctiies. Scrambled sentence: Detispe shawmoet ntvgeiae rweives, Sakrctbus is bnngirig its crvesitnarool oilve oil ceoffe to mroe ctiies", "scrambled": "Detispe shawmoet ntvgeiae rweives, Sakrctbus is bnngirig its crvesitnarool oilve oil ceoffe to mroe ctiies.", "original": "Despite somewhat negative reviews, Starbucks is bringing its controversial olive oil coffee to more cities.", "recovered": "Detispe shawmoet ntvgeiae rweives, Sakrctbus is bnngirig its crvesitnarool oilve oil ceoffe to mroe ctiies."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dintesvatag filnoodg is rpiipng tuhorgh stohuswet Cniha, wtih sarveel aears iusisng the hgeshit leevl of wnngrais to euactvae. Ceonrcns are mniutnog taht the fdolos wlil hvae a dtaisentavg icpamt on cpors in the rogein.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Dintesvatag filnoodg is rpiipng tuhorgh stohuswet Cniha, with sarveel aears iusisng the hgeshit leevl of wnngrais to euactvae. Ceonrcns are mniutnog taht the fdolos wlil hvae a dtaisentavg icpamt on cpors in the rogein. Dintesvatag filnoodg is rpiipng tuhorgh stohuswet Cniha, with sarveel aears iusisng the hgeshit leevl of wnngrais to euactvae. Ceonrcns are mniutnog taht the fdolos wlil hvae a dtaisenta", "scrambled": "Dintesvatag filnoodg is rpiipng tuhorgh stohuswet Cniha, wtih sarveel aears iusisng the hgeshit leevl of wnngrais to euactvae. Ceonrcns are mniutnog taht the fdolos wlil hvae a dtaisentavg icpamt on cpors in the rogein.", "original": "Devastating flooding is ripping through southwest China, with several areas issuing the highest level of warnings to evacuate. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.", "recovered": "Dintesvatag filnoodg is rpiipng tuhorgh stohuswet Cniha, with sarveel aears iusisng the hgeshit leevl of wnngrais to euactvae. Ceonrcns are mniutnog taht the fdolos wlil hvae a dtaisentavg icpamt on cpors in the rogein. Dintesvatag filnoodg is rpiipng tuhorgh stohuswet Cniha, with sarveel aears iusisng the hgeshit leevl of wnngrais to euactvae. Ceonrcns are mniutnog taht the fdolos wlil hvae a dtaisenta"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dnisey has csaeed rinelesag its fmlis or TV swhos on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstariua, fliowlnog a setep dclinee in selas of DDVs, Blu-ryas and the lkie as sitramneg seircves bcmoee iigrnlcsenay paulopr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Dnisey has csaeed rinelesag its fmlis or TV swhos on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstariua, fl a dnisey has csaeed rinelesag its fmlis or TV swhos on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstariua, fl Dnisey has a set of TV shows on a variety of TV channels on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstaria, fl Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163eanAlso, the lkie as sitramneg sccne Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163eanAlso, the lkie as sitramneg sccneY has a set of TV shows on a variety of TV channels on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstaria, ", "scrambled": "Dnisey has csaeed rinelesag its fmlis or TV swhos on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstariua, fliowlnog a setep dclinee in selas of DDVs, Blu-ryas and the lkie as sitramneg seircves bcmoee iigrnlcsenay paulopr.", "original": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV shows on physical media formats in Australia, following a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Blu-rays and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular.", "recovered": "Dnisey has csaeed rinelesag its fmlis or TV swhos on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstariua, fl a dnisey has csaeed rinelesag its fmlis or TV swhos on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstariua, fl Dnisey has a set of TV shows on a variety of TV channels on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstaria, fl Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163eanAlso, the lkie as sitramneg sccne Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163eanAlso, the lkie as sitramneg sccneY has a set of TV shows on a variety of TV channels on pshcayil mdiea ftmaors in Alstaria,"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dlolar Tere, wichh slels msot ptcodurs for $1.25, wlil sotp slinleg eggs buacsee the cmopany can\u2019t mkae mneoy oierffng tehm at falt pceris.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Dolar Tere, which sells most products for $1.25, will soon stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make much money delivering them at full prices. Scrambled sentence: Dlolar Tere, which sells most products for $1.25, will soon stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make much money delivering them at full prices. Recovered sentence: Dlolar Tere, which sells most products for $1.25, will soon stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make much money delivering them at full prices. Scrambled sentence: Dlolar Tere, wichh slels msot ptcodurs for $1.25, wil sotp slinleg eggs buacsee the cmopany can\u2019t mkae mnnoy oierffng tehm at falt pceris. Recovered sentence: Dlolar Tere, which sells most products for $1.25, will soon stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make much money delivering them at full prices. Scrambled sentence", "scrambled": "Dlolar Tere, wichh slels msot ptcodurs for $1.25, wlil sotp slinleg eggs buacsee the cmopany can\u2019t mkae mneoy oierffng tehm at falt pceris.", "original": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at flat prices.", "recovered": "Dolar Tere, which sells most products for $1.25, will soon stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make much money delivering them at full prices."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dionnwg Sretet has dsisemisd Saipn\u2019s dmnead to oreseve cronotl of Galbtirar\u2019s apiorrt, whcih is teiclnclahy on an RAF bsae depstie lnyig on a norraw srectth of lnad beewetn Grabalitr and the Sspinah foeinrtr. The EU is cdsneinoirg ailwonlg the Bistirh oseeavrs trtiorrey \u2013 wcihh vteod to rmiean in the bolc \u2013 to jion the Sgecenhn comomn tvreal aera.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Dionnwg Sretet has dissemisd Saipn\u2019s dmnead to oreseve cronotl of Galbtirar\u2019s apiorrt, which is teiclnclahy on an RAF bsae depstie lnyig on a norraw srectth of lnad beeweenn Grabalitr and the Sspinah foeinrtr. The EU is cdsneinoirg ailwonlg the Bistirh oseeavrs trtiorrey \u2013 wcihh vteod to rmiean in the bolc \u2013 to jion the Sgecenhn comomn tvreal aera. Scrambled sentence: Dionnwg Sretet has dsisemisd Saipn\u2019s dmnead to oreseve cronotl of Galbtirar", "scrambled": "Dionnwg Sretet has dsisemisd Saipn\u2019s dmnead to oreseve cronotl of Galbtirar\u2019s apiorrt, whcih is teiclnclahy on an RAF bsae depstie lnyig on a norraw srectth of lnad beewetn Grabalitr and the Sspinah foeinrtr. The EU is cdsneinoirg ailwonlg the Bistirh oseeavrs trtiorrey \u2013 wcihh vteod to rmiean in the bolc \u2013 to jion the Sgecenhn comomn tvreal aera.", "original": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of Gibraltar\u2019s airport, which is technically on an RAF base despite lying on a narrow stretch of land between Gibraltar and the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the British overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the bloc \u2013 to join the Schengen common travel area.", "recovered": "The Dionnwg Sretet has dissemisd Saipn\u2019s dmnead to oreseve cronotl of Galbtirar\u2019s apiorrt, which is teiclnclahy on an RAF bsae depstie lnyig on a norraw srectth of lnad beeweenn Grabalitr and the Sspinah foeinrtr. The EU is cdsneinoirg ailwonlg the Bistirh oseeavrs trtiorrey \u2013 wcihh vteod to rmiean in the bolc \u2013 to jion the Sgecenhn comomn tvreal aera."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Due to frie trtahes and etnrnivemnoal cecnorns, Slat Lkae Ctiy, Uath, treid an aeivrttalne way of cienbtlraeg Iecenddenpne Day wtih its fsrit-eevr dnore sohw. Wtcah smoe of the ohter dzianzlg catleirenbos taht took plcae aocrss Aimreca hree.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Due to free trials and ethnic traditions and national cultural customs, Slate Due to free trials and ethnic traditions and national cultural customs, Slate Lake, Minnesota, tried an alternative way of celebrating Ascendence Day with its first-ever three-day show. Here are some of the other dzianzcep\u00e2nd that took place across America. Scrambled sentence: Due to free trials and ethnic traditions and national cultural customs, Slate Lake, Minnesota, tried an alternative way of celebrating Ascendence Day with its first-ever three-day show. Scrambled sentence: Due to free trials and ethnic traditions and national cultural customs, Slate Lake, Minnesota, tried an alternative way of celebrating Ascendence Day with its first-ever three-day show. Scrambled sentence: Due to free trials and ethnic traditions and national cultural customs, Slate Lake, Minnesota, tried an alternative way of celebrating Ascendence Day with its first-ever three-day show. Scrambled sentence: Due to free trials and ethnic traditions and national cultural customs, Slate Lake, Minnesota, tried an alternative way of celebrating Ascendence Day with its first-ever three", "scrambled": "Due to frie trtahes and etnrnivemnoal cecnorns, Slat Lkae Ctiy, Uath, treid an aeivrttalne way of cienbtlraeg Iecenddenpne Day wtih its fsrit-eevr dnore sohw. Wtcah smoe of the ohter dzianzlg catleirenbos taht took plcae aocrss Aimreca hree.", "original": "Due to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling celebrations that took place across America here.", "recovered": "Due to free trials and ethnic traditions and national cultural customs, Slate Due to free trials and ethnic traditions and national cultural customs, Slate Lake, Minnesota, tried an alternative way of celebrating Ascendence Day with its first-ever three-day show. Here are some of the other dzianzcep\u00e2nd that took place across America."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Due to hgih dnmead for the liitmed-eoiditn Rpsebrary Rlaly cokioe, stcuos and pntaers wree fuqnlterey focerd to ealxipn the soghatre to aeynnod srpeohps.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Due to high demand for the liitmed-eo Due to the liitmed-eoi Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi Scrambled sentence: Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi The following sentence contains words with scram Scram Scrambled sentence: Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi Scrambled sentence: Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi Scrambled sentence: Due to the high demand for the li", "scrambled": "Due to hgih dnmead for the liitmed-eoiditn Rpsebrary Rlaly cokioe, stcuos and pntaers wree fuqnlterey focerd to ealxipn the soghatre to aeynnod srpeohps.", "original": "Due to high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Rally cookie, scouts and parents were frequently forced to explain the shortage to annoyed shoppers.", "recovered": "Due to high demand for the liitmed-eo Due to the liitmed-eoi Due to the high demand for the liitmed-eoi"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ed Saerehn took the sntad tihs week in a hgih-piorfle crygphiot taril auobt wethher his ssmah sgline \u201cTkhninig Out Luod\u201d cpoied Mvairn Gyae\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ed Saerehn took the stage this week in a high-profile clash to decide whether his simple line \u201cTihninig Out Loud\u201d complemented Mvairn Gyae\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Ed Saerehn took the sntad tihs week in a hgih-piorfle crygphiot taril auobt wethher his ssmah sgline \u201cTkhninig Out Luod\u201d cpoied Mvairn Gyae\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d. Recovered sentence: Ed Saerehn took the stage this week in a high-profile clash to decide whether his simple line \u201cTihninig Out Loud\u201d complemented Mvairn Gyae\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Ed Saerehn took the sntad tihs week in a hgih", "scrambled": "Ed Saerehn took the sntad tihs week in a hgih-piorfle crygphiot taril auobt wethher his ssmah sgline \u201cTkhninig Out Luod\u201d cpoied Mvairn Gyae\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "original": "Ed Sheeran took the stand this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether his smash single \u201cThinking Out Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "recovered": "Ed Saerehn took the stage this week in a high-profile clash to decide whether his simple line \u201cTihninig Out Loud\u201d complemented Mvairn Gyae\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eggs had the msot daritmac drsaceee, wtih a nalrey 11% deilnce. Tihs cmeos aeftr egg pceirs sroaed in peuvoirs mthnos plrmiriay due to aavin flu, wchih cianrsoetnd sluppy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eggs had the most drastic decline, with a nearly 11% decrease. This comes after egg production soared in reservoirs months prior due to avian flu, which caused sloppy. Scrambled sentence: Eggs had the msot daritmac drsaceeee, wtih a nalrey 11% deilnce. Tihs cmeos aeftr egg pceirs sroaed in peuvoirs mthnos plrmiriay due to aavin flu, wchih cianrsoetnd sluppy. Scrambled sentence: Eggs had the msot daritmac drsaceeee, wtih a nalrey 11% deilnce. Tihs cmeos aeftr egg pceirs sroaed in peuvoirs mthnos plrmiriay due to aavin flu, wchih cia", "scrambled": "Eggs had the msot daritmac drsaceee, wtih a nalrey 11% deilnce. Tihs cmeos aeftr egg pceirs sroaed in peuvoirs mthnos plrmiriay due to aavin flu, wchih cianrsoetnd sluppy.", "original": "Eggs had the most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg prices soared in previous months primarily due to avian flu, which constrained supply.", "recovered": "Eggs had the most drastic decline, with a nearly 11% decrease. This comes after egg production soared in reservoirs months prior due to avian flu, which caused sloppy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Epgyt\u2019s Mitrsniy of Tuosirm and Atieuqnitis reeelsad a sematetnt esasiniphmg taht \u201cQeeun Ceortpala had lghit sikn and Hinsieleltc (Gerek) ftureaes\u201d, and crinsctiiig Niefltx for cainstg Biistrh atocr Adlee Jeams, who \u201cpsessoess Aacfirn feeaturs and drak sikn\u201d. Fnid out mroe on the ltsaet espidoe of The Week Unpwapred pdcoast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Epgyt\u2019s Mitrsniy of Tuosirm and Atieuqnitis reeelsad a sematetnt esasiniphmg taht \u201cQeeun Ceortpala had lghit sikn and Hinsieleltc (Gerek) ftureaes\u201d, and crinsctiiig Niefltx for cainstg Biistrh atocr Adlee Jeams, who \u201cpsessoess Aacfirn feeaturs and drak sikn\u201d. Fnid out mroe on the ltsaet espidoe of The Week Unpwapred pdcoast. Scrambled sentence: Epgyt\u2019s Mitrsniy of Tuosirm and Atieuqnitis reeelsad a sematetnt esasiniphmg ta", "scrambled": "Epgyt\u2019s Mitrsniy of Tuosirm and Atieuqnitis reeelsad a sematetnt esasiniphmg taht \u201cQeeun Ceortpala had lghit sikn and Hinsieleltc (Gerek) ftureaes\u201d, and crinsctiiig Niefltx for cainstg Biistrh atocr Adlee Jeams, who \u201cpsessoess Aacfirn feeaturs and drak sikn\u201d. Fnid out mroe on the ltsaet espidoe of The Week Unpwapred pdcoast.", "original": "Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, and criticising Netflix for casting British actor Adele James, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Epgyt\u2019s Mitrsniy of Tuosirm and Atieuqnitis reeelsad a sematetnt esasiniphmg taht \u201cQeeun Ceortpala had lghit sikn and Hinsieleltc (Gerek) ftureaes\u201d, and crinsctiiig Niefltx for cainstg Biistrh atocr Adlee Jeams, who \u201cpsessoess Aacfirn feeaturs and drak sikn\u201d. Fnid out mroe on the ltsaet espidoe of The Week Unpwapred pdcoast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eagsedln ealpnxeid on his westbie taht he sbiemuttd the baclk-and-withe iagme \u201cas a ceekhy mkoney, to fnid out if the cieotntiomps are peraerpd for AI iemags to eetnr\u201d. He ceodcnuld: \u201cTehy are not.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eagsedln ealpnxeid on his westbie tah Eagsedln ealpnxeid on his westbie taht he sbiemuttd the back-and-withe iagme \u201cas a ceekhy mkoney\u201d on his westbie taht he sbiemuttd the black-and-withe iagme \u201cas a ceekhy mkoney\u201d as a cy uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit", "scrambled": "Eagsedln ealpnxeid on his westbie taht he sbiemuttd the baclk-and-withe iagme \u201cas a ceekhy mkoney, to fnid out if the cieotntiomps are peraerpd for AI iemags to eetnr\u201d. He ceodcnuld: \u201cTehy are not.\u201d.", "original": "Eldagsen explained on his website that he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a cheeky monkey, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images to enter\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d.", "recovered": "Eagsedln ealpnxeid on his westbie tah Eagsedln ealpnxeid on his westbie taht he sbiemuttd the back-and-withe iagme \u201cas a ceekhy mkoney\u201d on his westbie taht he sbiemuttd the black-and-withe iagme \u201cas a ceekhy mkoney\u201d as a cy uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eoln Msuk has liad off mroe tahn 6,000 popele at Titwetr sicne tiakng oevr the canmpoy, he siad in an ienvrteiw tihs week. The rctdeouin etuqeas to rluhgoy 80% of the cmnaopy\u2019s stfaf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eoln Msuk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Titwetr since taking over the canmpoy, he said in an interview this week. The rescue plan aims to redeploy 80% of the country\u2019s staff. Scrambled sentence: Eoln Msuk has liad off mroe tahn 6,000 popele at Titwetr sicne tiakng oevr the canmpoy, he siad in an ienvrteiw tihs week. The rctdeouin etuqeas to rluhgoy 80% of the cmnaopy\u2019s stfaf. Recovered sentence: Eoln Msuk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Titwetr since taking over the canmpoy, he said in an interview this week. The rescue plan aims to rluhgoy 80% of the cmnaopy\u2019s st", "scrambled": "Eoln Msuk has liad off mroe tahn 6,000 popele at Titwetr sicne tiakng oevr the canmpoy, he siad in an ienvrteiw tihs week. The rctdeouin etuqeas to rluhgoy 80% of the cmnaopy\u2019s stfaf.", "original": "Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "recovered": "Eoln Msuk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Titwetr since taking over the canmpoy, he said in an interview this week. The rescue plan aims to redeploy 80% of the country\u2019s staff."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eotln Jhon\u2019s fianl tuor cmae to an end wtih a pnarmcreofe in Schltookm, Sewden, tihs mnoth. Ltisen to the htealerft mssgeae he serahd wtih his fnas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eotln Jhon\u2019s final tour came to an end with a public reading in Schltookm, Sewden, this month. Listening to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans. Scrambled sentence: Eotln Jhon\u2019s fianl tuor cmae to an end wtih a pnarmcreofe in Schltookm, Sewden, tihs mnoth. Ltisen to the htealerft mssgeae he serahd wtih his fnas. Recovered sentence: Eotln Jhon\u2019s final tour came to an end with a public reading in Schltookm, Sewden, this month. Listening to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans. Scrambled sentence: Eotln Jhon\u2019s fianl tuor cmae to an end wtih a pnarmcreofe in Schltookm, Sewden", "scrambled": "Eotln Jhon\u2019s fianl tuor cmae to an end wtih a pnarmcreofe in Schltookm, Sewden, tihs mnoth. Ltisen to the htealerft mssgeae he serahd wtih his fnas.", "original": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an end with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans.", "recovered": "Eotln Jhon\u2019s final tour came to an end with a public reading in Schltookm, Sewden, this month. Listening to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eigenners and sncistetis at the Bsiitrh eieengnirng gniat are ainmig to ctaere a slmal and lhiggiwehtt neaulcr mcrio-roeactr to podvrie peowr nedeed for hmauns to lvie and wrok on the Moon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Scientists and students at the BSTRH eieengnirng gniat are attempting to create a small and light nano-robot to provide the power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon. Scrambled sentence: Eigenners and sncistetis at the Bsiitrh eieengnirng gniat are ainmig to ctaere a slmal and lhiggiwehtt neaulcr mcrio-roeactr to podvrie peowr nedeed for hmauns to lvie and wrok on the Moon. Scrambled sentence: Eigenners and sncistetis at the Bsiitrh eieengnirng gniat are ainmig to ctaere a slmal and lhiggiwehtt neaulcr mcrio-roeactr to", "scrambled": "Eigenners and sncistetis at the Bsiitrh eieengnirng gniat are ainmig to ctaere a slmal and lhiggiwehtt neaulcr mcrio-roeactr to podvrie peowr nedeed for hmauns to lvie and wrok on the Moon.", "original": "Engineers and scientists at the British engineering giant are aiming to create a small and lightweight nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon.", "recovered": "Scientists and students at the BSTRH eieengnirng gniat are attempting to create a small and light nano-robot to provide the power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Entvoaennmirl leywar and atni-vcanice acivstit Rerbot F. Knenedy Jr. has feild pawoerrpk to run for peeirndst in 2024 as a Doemarct. The 69-yaer-old is the son of fmreor New Yrok satnoer, US aronetty grenael and aesasitnassd 1968 prtasidneeil cdinaadte Reobrt F. Kdneeny and the nehepw of the ltae Pesrndeit Jhon F. Kdeenny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Entvoaennmirl leywar and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Doemarct. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and 1968 presidential assassin victim Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy. Scrambled sentence: Entvoaennmirl leywar and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Knenedy Jr. has feild pawoerrpk to run for peeirndst in 2024 as a Doemarct. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and 1968 presidential assassin victim Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy. Scrambled sentence: Entvoaennmirl leywar and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Knenedy Jr. has feild pawoerrpk to run for peeirndst in 2024 as a Doe", "scrambled": "Entvoaennmirl leywar and atni-vcanice acivstit Rerbot F. Knenedy Jr. has feild pawoerrpk to run for peeirndst in 2024 as a Doemarct. The 69-yaer-old is the son of fmreor New Yrok satnoer, US aronetty grenael and aesasitnassd 1968 prtasidneeil cdinaadte Reobrt F. Kdneeny and the nehepw of the ltae Pesrndeit Jhon F. Kdeenny.", "original": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy.", "recovered": "Entvoaennmirl leywar and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Doemarct. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and 1968 presidential assassin victim Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ettsae anget Fshier Cepoor has selhasd \u00a350,000 off the orngiail \u00a3300,000 aisnkg pcrie for 3 Bomeoalr Coatgets, wichh isn\u2019t asicsbecle by car and is seevn meils form the neraset twon, Iolengtn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ettsae anget Fshier Cepoor has sold \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bomeoalr Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Iolengtn. Scrambled sentence: Ettsae anget Fshier Cepoor has selhasd \u00a350,000 off the orngiail \u00a3300,000 aisnkg pcrie for 3 Bomeoalr Coatgets, wichh isn\u2019t asicsbecle by car and is seevn meils form the neraset twon, Iolengtn. Scrambled sentence: Ettsae anget Fshier Cepoor has selhasd \u00a350,000 off the orngiail \u00a3300,000 aisnkg pcrie for 3 Bomeoalr Coatgets, wichh isn\u2019t asicsbecle by car and is seevn meils form the neraset twon, Iolengtn. Scramble", "scrambled": "Ettsae anget Fshier Cepoor has selhasd \u00a350,000 off the orngiail \u00a3300,000 aisnkg pcrie for 3 Bomeoalr Coatgets, wichh isn\u2019t asicsbecle by car and is seevn meils form the neraset twon, Iolengtn.", "original": "Estate agent Fisher Cooper has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton.", "recovered": "Ettsae anget Fshier Cepoor has sold \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bomeoalr Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Iolengtn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eauasrin breevas wree hunetd to einiotcxtn in Biartin in the 16th ctreuny, but a bednreig piar wlil be rdcreueotnid to wtnlaeds in Elanig tihs sumemr in a bid to hlep tkacle clmatie cgahne by pootinmrg a breoivisde eecsytsom.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Eauasrin breevas wree hunetd to einiotcxtn in Biartin in the 16th ctreuny, but a bednreig piar wlil be rdcreueotnid to wtnlaeds in Elanig tihs sumemr in a bid to hlep tkacle clmatie cgahne by pootinmrg a breoivisde eecsytsom. Scrambled sentence: Eauasrin breevas wree hunetd to einiotcxtn in Biartin in the 16th ctreuny, but a bednreig piar wlil be rdcreueotnid to wtnlaeds in Elanig tih", "scrambled": "Eauasrin breevas wree hunetd to einiotcxtn in Biartin in the 16th ctreuny, but a bednreig piar wlil be rdcreueotnid to wtnlaeds in Elanig tihs sumemr in a bid to hlep tkacle clmatie cgahne by pootinmrg a breoivisde eecsytsom.", "original": "Eurasian beavers were hunted to extinction in Britain in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eevr scnie the 2011 tmsauni deetsryod the Fuuihsmka neualcr pnalt, Jaapn has been puipnmg wtaer itno the stie to cool the rctaoer\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 camitnnnoaitg 130,000 liters a day. Now, the gnnvmeoret pnlas to rleasee a molilin mtreic tnos of tihs treetad raadicovite weatr itno the ocaen, \u201cengouh to flil 500 Oyilpmc-szie sinmiwmg ploos\u201d, to intsnee otopopiisn form Cihna and mnay Paiicfc iladsns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear power plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 camitnnnoaitg 130,000 liters a day. Now, the government plans to release a massive amount of this tree-tarred rainwater into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to infuriate opposition from China and many other Pacific nations. Scrambled sentence: Eevr scnie the 2011 tmsauni deetsryod the Fuuihsmka neualcr pnalt, Jaapn has been puipnmg wtaer itno the stie to cool the rctaoer\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 camitnnnoaitg 130,000 liters a day. Now, the gnnvmeoret pnlas to rleasee a molilin mtreic tnos of tihs tree", "scrambled": "Eevr scnie the 2011 tmsauni deetsryod the Fuuihsmka neualcr pnalt, Jaapn has been puipnmg wtaer itno the stie to cool the rctaoer\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 camitnnnoaitg 130,000 liters a day. Now, the gnnvmeoret pnlas to rleasee a molilin mtreic tnos of tihs treetad raadicovite weatr itno the ocaen, \u201cengouh to flil 500 Oyilpmc-szie sinmiwmg ploos\u201d, to intsnee otopopiisn form Cihna and mnay Paiicfc iladsns.", "original": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 contaminating 130,000 litres a day. Now, the government plans to release a million metric tons of this treated radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense opposition from China and many Pacific islands.", "recovered": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear power plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 camitnnnoaitg 130,000 liters a day. Now, the government plans to release a massive amount of this tree-tarred rainwater into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to infuriate opposition from China and many other Pacific nations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eetrpxs faer taht TB retesenrps a \u201ctcnkiig tembiomb\u201d, aimd sioarng ioiecfntn and daeth retas. Lestat fegirus sseggut taht the dseasie kelild anurod 4,400 polepe a day wdwdorlie in 2021.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Experts fear that TB retests a \u201ctrickiig tembiomb\u201d, aimed sioarng ioiecfntn and death retas. Lestat fegirus sseggut that the dseasie kelild anurod 4,400 polepe a day wdwdorlie in 2021. Scrambled sentence: Eetrpxs faer taht TB retesenrps a \u201ctcnkiig tembiomb\u201d, aimd sioarng ioiecfntn and daeth retas. Lestat fegirus sseggut taht the dseasie kelild anurod 4,400 polepe a day wdwdorlie in 2021. Scrambled sentence: Eetrpxs faer taht TB retesenrps a \u201ctcnkiig ", "scrambled": "Eetrpxs faer taht TB retesenrps a \u201ctcnkiig tembiomb\u201d, aimd sioarng ioiecfntn and daeth retas. Lestat fegirus sseggut taht the dseasie kelild anurod 4,400 polepe a day wdwdorlie in 2021.", "original": "Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amid soaring infection and death rates. Latest figures suggest that the disease killed around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "recovered": "Experts fear that TB retests a \u201ctrickiig tembiomb\u201d, aimed sioarng ioiecfntn and death retas. Lestat fegirus sseggut that the dseasie kelild anurod 4,400 polepe a day wdwdorlie in 2021."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Epxrets say Acarenmis are tipnpig lses \u2013 olny aonrud 16% \u2013 at qicuk-svriece eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel ovhleewremd by opoints to tip wtih a crad on a theoeucrcsn, linadeg polpee to be lses gueornes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Epxrets say Acarenmis are tipping less \u2013 only a little over 16% \u2013 at qicuk-svriece eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel ovhleewremd by opoints to tip with a crad on a theoeucrcsn, linadeg polpee to be lses gueornes. Epxrets say Acarenmis are tipping less \u2013 only a little over 16% \u2013 at qicuk-svriece eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel ovhleewremd by opoints to tip with a crad on a theoeucrcsn, linadeg polpee to be lses gueornes. Scrambled sentence: Epxrets say Acarenmis are tipping less \u2013 only a little", "scrambled": "Epxrets say Acarenmis are tipnpig lses \u2013 olny aonrud 16% \u2013 at qicuk-svriece eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel ovhleewremd by opoints to tip wtih a crad on a theoeucrcsn, linadeg polpee to be lses gueornes.", "original": "Experts say Americans are tipping less \u2013 only around 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed by options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people to be less generous.", "recovered": "Epxrets say Acarenmis are tipping less \u2013 only a little over 16% \u2013 at qicuk-svriece eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel ovhleewremd by opoints to tip with a crad on a theoeucrcsn, linadeg polpee to be lses gueornes. Epxrets say Acarenmis are tipping less \u2013 only a little over 16% \u2013 at qicuk-svriece eabhetntlsimss bsauece tehy feel ovhleewremd by opoints to tip with a crad on a theoeucrcsn, linadeg polpee to be lses gueornes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Foabeock uress who had an avicte auccnot beteewn May 2007 and Dmebceer 2022 can now aplpy for a sahre of the cnpaomy\u2019s $725 mloiiln stetelemnt reehcad in a mojar dtaa priavcy sanacdl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Foabeock uress who had an avicte uccnot bete Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot beteewn May 2007 and Dmebceer 2022 can now aplpy for a sahre of the cnpaomy\u2019s $725 mloiiln stetelem presiune presiune who had an avicte uccnot beteewn May 2007 and Dmebceer 2022 can now aplpy for a sahre of the cnpaomy\u2019s $725 mloiiln stetelem presiune presiune presiune Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bet Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bet Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean presiune Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bet Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bete Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bete Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bete Jude\u0163ean who had an a", "scrambled": "Foabeock uress who had an avicte auccnot beteewn May 2007 and Dmebceer 2022 can now aplpy for a sahre of the cnpaomy\u2019s $725 mloiiln stetelemnt reehcad in a mojar dtaa priavcy sanacdl.", "original": "Facebook users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement reached in a major data privacy scandal.", "recovered": "Foabeock uress who had an avicte uccnot bete Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot beteewn May 2007 and Dmebceer 2022 can now aplpy for a sahre of the cnpaomy\u2019s $725 mloiiln stetelem presiune presiune who had an avicte uccnot beteewn May 2007 and Dmebceer 2022 can now aplpy for a sahre of the cnpaomy\u2019s $725 mloiiln stetelem presiune presiune presiune Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bet Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bet Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean presiune Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bet Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bete Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bete Jude\u0163ean who had an avicte uccnot bete Jude\u0163ean who had an a"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fnas wwddilore hvae been piynag ttirbue to the Btsiirh dinseger, who pinroeeed the mirsiiknt. \u201cOlny the Baeelts are mroe cllsoey teid to the leengd taht is Ldoonn\u2019s sgwining 60s tahn Mray Qanut,\u201d siad The Gariduan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "These words have been piynag ttirbue to the Btsiirh dinseger, who pinroeeed the mirsiiknt. \u201cOnly the Baeelts are mroe cllsoey teid to the leengd taht is Ldoonn\u2019s sgwining 60s than Mray Qanut,\u201d siad The Gariduan. Scrambled sentence: Fnas wwddilore hvae been piynag ttirbue to the Btsiirh dinseger, who pinroeeed the mirsiiknt. \u201cOlny the Baeelts are mroe cllsoey teid to the leengd taht is Ldoonn\u2019s sgwining 60s tahn Mray Qanut,\u201d siad The Gariduan. Scrambled sentence: F", "scrambled": "Fnas wwddilore hvae been piynag ttirbue to the Btsiirh dinseger, who pinroeeed the mirsiiknt. \u201cOlny the Baeelts are mroe cllsoey teid to the leengd taht is Ldoonn\u2019s sgwining 60s tahn Mray Qanut,\u201d siad The Gariduan.", "original": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who pioneered the miniskirt. \u201cOnly the Beatles are more closely tied to the legend that is London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.", "recovered": "These words have been piynag ttirbue to the Btsiirh dinseger, who pinroeeed the mirsiiknt. \u201cOnly the Baeelts are mroe cllsoey teid to the leengd taht is Ldoonn\u2019s sgwining 60s than Mray Qanut,\u201d siad The Gariduan."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Flnnaid, Dnmraek and Ialencd renkad hesight in the UN\u2019s Wrlod Hnppsieas Rrepot, bsaed on dtaa form the Glualp Wlrod Plol. Biartin derppod two peclas to 19th in the iendx, wihle Lnoeabn and Ansigaahftn wree nemad as the uhpsaepint nointas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Flnnaid, Dnmraek and Ialencd renkad hesight in the UN\u2019s Wrlod Hnppsieas Rreport, bsaed on dtaa form the Glualp Wlrod Plol. Biartin derppod two peclas to 19th in the iendx, wihle Lnoeabn and Ansigaahftn wree nemad as the uhpsaepint nointas. Scrambled sentence: Flnnaid, Dnmraek and Ialencd renkad hesight in the UN\u2019s Wrlod Hnppsieas Rreport, bsaed on dtaa form the Glualp Wlrod Plol. Biartin derppod two peclas to 19th in the iendx, wihle Lnoeabn and Ansigaahftn wree", "scrambled": "Flnnaid, Dnmraek and Ialencd renkad hesight in the UN\u2019s Wrlod Hnppsieas Rrepot, bsaed on dtaa form the Glualp Wlrod Plol. Biartin derppod two peclas to 19th in the iendx, wihle Lnoeabn and Ansigaahftn wree nemad as the uhpsaepint nointas.", "original": "Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped two places to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest nations.", "recovered": "Flnnaid, Dnmraek and Ialencd renkad hesight in the UN\u2019s Wrlod Hnppsieas Rreport, bsaed on dtaa form the Glualp Wlrod Plol. Biartin derppod two peclas to 19th in the iendx, wihle Lnoeabn and Ansigaahftn wree nemad as the uhpsaepint nointas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Filorda Gronevor DtiSnaes is the fsirt moajr catinddae eevr to annuocne teihr run for pesrdeint on siocal mdiea, drniug a caht wtih Eoln Msuk on Tttiwer Saepcs on Wesadedny. But the cgpmaian luacnh was merard by tcheaincl gelctihs and adiuo pmlrboes, as the scaoil nteorwk\u2019s srevres sreutlggd to cpoe wtih the srgue in daemnd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Filorda Gronevor DtiSnaes is the first moajr catinddae eevr to annuocne teihr run for pesrdeint on siocal mdiea, drniug a caht wtih Eoln Msuk on Tttiwer Saepcs on Wesadedny. But the cgpmaian luacnh was merard by tcheaincl gelctihs and adiuo pmlrboes, as the scaoil nteorwk\u2019s srevres sreutlggd to cpoe wtih the srgue in daemnd. Scrambled sentence: Filorda Gronevor DtiSnaes is the fsirt moajr catinddae eevr to annuocne ", "scrambled": "Filorda Gronevor DtiSnaes is the fsirt moajr catinddae eevr to annuocne teihr run for pesrdeint on siocal mdiea, drniug a caht wtih Eoln Msuk on Tttiwer Saepcs on Wesadedny. But the cgpmaian luacnh was merard by tcheaincl gelctihs and adiuo pmlrboes, as the scaoil nteorwk\u2019s srevres sreutlggd to cpoe wtih the srgue in daemnd.", "original": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, during a chat with Elon Musk on Twitter Spaces on Wednesday. But the campaign launch was marred by technical glitches and audio problems, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand.", "recovered": "Filorda Gronevor DtiSnaes is the first moajr catinddae eevr to annuocne teihr run for pesrdeint on siocal mdiea, drniug a caht wtih Eoln Msuk on Tttiwer Saepcs on Wesadedny. But the cgpmaian luacnh was merard by tcheaincl gelctihs and adiuo pmlrboes, as the scaoil nteorwk\u2019s srevres sreutlggd to cpoe wtih the srgue in daemnd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fbtooall\u2019s glaobl gninrevog bdoy Ffia has ciefomrnd taht the toauemnrnt \u2013 bieng co-hsetod by the US, Cnaada and Mxieco \u2013 is epdnxnaig form 32 to 48 tames, wchih wlil rueiqre 40 gmeas mroe tahn the 64 pyeald in Qaatr lsat yaer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fbtooall\u2019s glaobl gninrevog bdoy Ffia has ciefomrnd taht the toauemnrnt \u2013 bieng co-hsetod by the US, Cnaada and Mxieco \u2013 is epdnxnaig form 32 to 48 tames, wchih wlil rueiqre 40 gmeas mroe tahn the 64 pyeald in Qaatr lsat yaer. Scrambled sentence: Fbtooall\u2019s glaobl gninrevog bdoy Ffia has ciefomrnd taht the toauemnrnt \u2013 bieng co-hsetod by the US, Cnaada and Mxieco \u2013 is epdnxnaig form 32 to 48 tames, wchi", "scrambled": "Fbtooall\u2019s glaobl gninrevog bdoy Ffia has ciefomrnd taht the toauemnrnt \u2013 bieng co-hsetod by the US, Cnaada and Mxieco \u2013 is epdnxnaig form 32 to 48 tames, wchih wlil rueiqre 40 gmeas mroe tahn the 64 pyeald in Qaatr lsat yaer.", "original": "Football\u2019s global governing body Fifa has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 games more than the 64 played in Qatar last year.", "recovered": "Fbtooall\u2019s glaobl gninrevog bdoy Ffia has ciefomrnd taht the toauemnrnt \u2013 bieng co-hsetod by the US, Cnaada and Mxieco \u2013 is epdnxnaig form 32 to 48 tames, wchih wlil rueiqre 40 gmeas mroe tahn the 64 pyeald in Qaatr lsat yaer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For ahetonr yaer in a row, srebreatwirs cnntiuoe to hlod the top sopt on the Drtiy Dezon lsit wtih the msot piidecsets, the US Dmtpeenrat of Acitugrrule ancnonued tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For ahetonr yaer in a row, srebreatwirs contiue to hold the top spot on the Drtiy Dezon list with the most piidecsets, the US Department of Acitugrrule continued this week. Scrambled sentence: For ahetonr yaer in a row, srebreatwirs contiue to hold the top spot on the Drtiy Dezon list with the most piidecsets, the US Department of Acitugrrule ancnonued tihs week. Scrambled sentence: For ahetonr yaer in a row, srebreatwirs contiue to hold the top spot on the Drtiy Dezon list with the most piidecsets, the US Department of Acitugrrule ancnonued tihs week. Scrambled sentence: For ahetonr yaer in a row, srebreatwir", "scrambled": "For ahetonr yaer in a row, srebreatwirs cnntiuoe to hlod the top sopt on the Drtiy Dezon lsit wtih the msot piidecsets, the US Dmtpeenrat of Acitugrrule ancnonued tihs week.", "original": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "recovered": "For ahetonr yaer in a row, srebreatwirs contiue to hold the top spot on the Drtiy Dezon list with the most piidecsets, the US Department of Acitugrrule continued this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For the fsirt tmie in 31 yreas, the Lrbaaodr Rerveietr has been uteansed as the msot ppualor dog bered in the US, acidocrng to the Ameiacrn Kneenl Culb\u2019s ltaset sittctiass. Tiankg its pcale is the ctue and cocmpat Fcrneh Bldluog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labradoodle Retriever has been recognized as the most popular purebred dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest survey. Tianking its name is the cut and companion Fifi the French Bulldog. Scrambled sentence: For the fsirt tmie in 31 yreas, the Lrbaaodr Rerveietr has been uteansed as the msot ppualor dog bered in the US, acidocrng to the Ameiacrn Kneenl Culb\u2019s ltaset sittctiass. Tiankg its pcale is the ctue and cocmpat Fcrneh Bldluog. Recovered sentence: For the first time in 31 years, the Labradoodle Retriever has been recognized as the most popular purebred dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest survey. Tianking its name is the cut and companion Fifi the French", "scrambled": "For the fsirt tmie in 31 yreas, the Lrbaaodr Rerveietr has been uteansed as the msot ppualor dog bered in the US, acidocrng to the Ameiacrn Kneenl Culb\u2019s ltaset sittctiass. Tiankg its pcale is the ctue and cocmpat Fcrneh Bldluog.", "original": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking its place is the cute and compact French Bulldog.", "recovered": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labradoodle Retriever has been recognized as the most popular purebred dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest survey. Tianking its name is the cut and companion Fifi the French Bulldog."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For the frist tmie in 70 yreas, the CDC is chngaing how dgos are ipmteord itno the US to peevnrt rbaeis form arivring form oeesrvas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how drugs are imported into the US to prevent bacteria from re-entering from overseas. Scrambled sentence: For the frist tmie in 70 yreas, the CDC is chngaing how dgos are ipmteord itno the US to peevnrt rbaeis from arivning from oeesrvas. Scrambled sentence: For the frist tmie in 70 yreas, the CDC is chngaing how dgos are ipmteord itno the US to peevnrt rbaeis from arivning from oeesrvas. Scrambled sentence: For the frist tmie in 70 yreas, the CDC is chngaing how dgos are ipmteord itno the US to peevnrt dgos from ariving from oeesrvas. Sc", "scrambled": "For the frist tmie in 70 yreas, the CDC is chngaing how dgos are ipmteord itno the US to peevnrt rbaeis form arivring form oeesrvas.", "original": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas.", "recovered": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how drugs are imported into the US to prevent bacteria from re-entering from overseas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frod apearps to be fincag mroe mutuanfanricg pbeorlms. See the mdeols ateefcfd by the ltsaet rcleal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Frod apearps to be fincag mroe mutuanfanricg pbeorlms. See the mdeols ate The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from", "scrambled": "Frod apearps to be fincag mroe mutuanfanricg pbeorlms. See the mdeols ateefcfd by the ltsaet rcleal.", "original": "Ford appears to be facing more manufacturing problems. See the models affected by the latest recall.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frod realceld hrdudens of tuoahndss of F-150 tckrus tihs week due to a prkaing bakre iusse. So far, the amkuoater is aawre of 299 inscatens of the pniakrg bakre aiicttvang uteniltnalnnoiy, indcluing at laest 19 wilhe the vechile was bieng devrin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Frod realceld hrdudens of tuoahndss of F-150 tckrus tihs week due to a prkaing bakre iusse. So far, the amkuoater is aawre of 299 inscatens of the pniakrg bakre aiicttvang uteniltnalnnoiy, indcluing at laest 19 wilhe the vechile was bieng devrin. Scrambled sentence: Frod realceld hrdudens of tuoahndss of F-150 tckrus tihs week due to a prkaing bakre iusse. So far, the amkuoater is aawre of 299 inscatens of the pniakrg bakre aiicttvang uteniltnalnnoiy, indcluing at laest 19 wilhe the vechile was", "scrambled": "Frod realceld hrdudens of tuoahndss of F-150 tckrus tihs week due to a prkaing bakre iusse. So far, the amkuoater is aawre of 299 inscatens of the pniakrg bakre aiicttvang uteniltnalnnoiy, indcluing at laest 19 wilhe the vechile was bieng devrin.", "original": "Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake activating unintentionally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven.", "recovered": "Frod realceld hrdudens of tuoahndss of F-150 tckrus tihs week due to a prkaing bakre iusse. So far, the amkuoater is aawre of 299 inscatens of the pniakrg bakre aiicttvang uteniltnalnnoiy, indcluing at laest 19 wilhe the vechile was bieng devrin."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Feromr Frist Lday Mhielcle Obmaa aocnnnued Wadesnedy taht she\u2019s luihcnang a htlaehy food and beegarve cmanpoy for kdis to hlep cboamt the \u201cntoiurtin-reaetld htlaeh ciriss\u201d in the US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "First Lady Michelle Obama continued yesterday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage campaign for kids to help counter the \u201cobesity-related health crisis\u201d in the US. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Feromr Frist Lday Mhielcle Obmaa aocnnnued Wadesnedy taht she\u2019s luihcnang a htlaehy food and beegarve cmanpoy for kdis to hlep cboamt the \u201cntoiurtin-reaetld htlaeh ciriss\u201d in the US. Recovered sentence: First Lady Michelle Obama continued yesterday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage campaign for kids to help counter the \u201cobesity-related health crisis\u201d in the US. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Feromr Frist Lday Mhielcle Obm", "scrambled": "Feromr Frist Lday Mhielcle Obmaa aocnnnued Wadesnedy taht she\u2019s luihcnang a htlaehy food and beegarve cmanpoy for kdis to hlep cboamt the \u201cntoiurtin-reaetld htlaeh ciriss\u201d in the US.", "original": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cnutrition-related health crisis\u201d in the US.", "recovered": "First Lady Michelle Obama continued yesterday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage campaign for kids to help counter the \u201cobesity-related health crisis\u201d in the US. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fmorer Presindet Daolnd Tmrup pdeaeld not giulty to 34 floney cinraiml cegrahs of fnfiaslyig buessnis roredcs in Mathtaann camniirl curot Taedsuy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Fmorer Presindet Daolnd Tmrup pdeaeld not giulty to 34 floney cinraiml cegrahs of fnf The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The", "scrambled": "Fmorer Presindet Daolnd Tmrup pdeaeld not giulty to 34 floney cinraiml cegrahs of fnfiaslyig buessnis roredcs in Mathtaann camniirl curot Taedsuy.", "original": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of falsifying business records in Manhattan criminal court Tuesday.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frmeor Vcie Piednrset Mkie Pncee wlil lcanuh his 2024 peniedrstail cpagamin on Jnue 7 wtih an acoeuenmnnnt vdieo and a secpeh in Iwoa, two suorecs fmiaailr wtih the pnlas tlel CNN.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Vcie Piednrset Mkie Pncee wlil lcanuh his 2024 peniedrstail cpagamin on Jnue 7 wtih an acoeuenmnnnt vdieo and a secpeh in Iwoa, two suorecs fmiaailr wtih the pnlas tlel CNN. Scrambled sentence: Frmeor Vcie Piednrset Mkie Pncee wlil lcanuh his 2024 peniedrstail cpagamin on Jnue 7 wtih an acoeuenmnnnt vdieo and a secpeh in Iwoa, two suorecs fmiaailr wtih the pnlas tlel CNN. Scrambled sentence: Frmeor Vcie Piednrset Mkie Pncee wlil lcanuh his 2024 peniedrstail", "scrambled": "Frmeor Vcie Piednrset Mkie Pncee wlil lcanuh his 2024 peniedrstail cpagamin on Jnue 7 wtih an acoeuenmnnnt vdieo and a secpeh in Iwoa, two suorecs fmiaailr wtih the pnlas tlel CNN.", "original": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sources familiar with the plans tell CNN.", "recovered": "Vcie Piednrset Mkie Pncee wlil lcanuh his 2024 peniedrstail cpagamin on Jnue 7 wtih an acoeuenmnnnt vdieo and a secpeh in Iwoa, two suorecs fmiaailr wtih the pnlas tlel CNN."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Freomr \u201cGraet British Mneu\u201d satr Jhon Muiatnon, olrngiliay form Lhsraacine, pstoed a maesgse on soiacl mdeia tinlleg vgeans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aeftr gnetitg a ngvaiete reeivw form a non-maet eeatr. On the Facbooek pgae of his Pterh rstnraueat, Frye, he adedd taht \u201call veagns are now benand\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "\u201cGreat British Menu\u201d seated John Milton, originally from Louisiana, posted a message on social media telling veiled means to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after receiving a very rude review from a non-meat eater. On the Facbooek page of his Pterh rstnraueat, Frye, he said that \u201call vegns are now benand\u201d. Freomr \u201cGraet British Mneu\u201d satr Jhon Muiatnon, olrngiliay form Lhsraacine, pstoed a maesgse on soiacl mdeia tinlleg vgeans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aeftr gnetitg a ngvaiete reeivw form a non-maet eeatr. On the Facbooek pgae of his Pterh rstnraueat, Frye, he adedd taht \u201call veagns are", "scrambled": "Freomr \u201cGraet British Mneu\u201d satr Jhon Muiatnon, olrngiliay form Lhsraacine, pstoed a maesgse on soiacl mdeia tinlleg vgeans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aeftr gnetitg a ngvaiete reeivw form a non-maet eeatr. On the Facbooek pgae of his Pterh rstnraueat, Frye, he adedd taht \u201call veagns are now benand\u201d.", "original": "Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Mountain, originally from Lancashire, posted a message on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meat eater. On the Facebook page of his Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.", "recovered": "\u201cGreat British Menu\u201d seated John Milton, originally from Louisiana, posted a message on social media telling veiled means to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after receiving a very rude review from a non-meat eater. On the Facbooek page of his Pterh rstnraueat, Frye, he said that \u201call vegns are now benand\u201d. Freomr \u201cGraet British Mneu\u201d satr Jhon Muiatnon, olrngiliay form Lhsraacine, pstoed a maesgse on soiacl mdeia tinlleg vgeans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aeftr gnetitg a ngvaiete reeivw form a non-maet eeatr. On the Facbooek pgae of his Pterh rstnraueat, Frye, he adedd taht \u201call veagns are"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fuor aurnsotats, icnnlidug trehe Aimcrneas and one Caiaandn, wlil be the fisrt cerw snet to oribt the moon sncie the Aplolo pgroarm edned mroe tahn 50 yreas ago.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For aurnsotats, icnnlidug trehe Aimcrneas and one Caiaandn, wlil be the fisrt cerw snet to oribt the moon sncie the Aplolo pgroarm edned mroe tahn 50 yreas ago. Scrambled sentence: Fuor aurnsotats, icnnlidug trehe Aimcrneas and one Caiaandn, wlil be the fisrt cerw snet to oribt the moon sncie the Aplolo pgroarm edned mroe tahn 50 yreas ago. Scrambled sentence: Fuor aurnsotats, icnnlidug trehe Aimcrneas and one Caiaandn, wlil be the fisrt cerw snet to", "scrambled": "Fuor aurnsotats, icnnlidug trehe Aimcrneas and one Caiaandn, wlil be the fisrt cerw snet to oribt the moon sncie the Aplolo pgroarm edned mroe tahn 50 yreas ago.", "original": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one Canadian, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "recovered": "For aurnsotats, icnnlidug trehe Aimcrneas and one Caiaandn, wlil be the fisrt cerw snet to oribt the moon sncie the Aplolo pgroarm edned mroe tahn 50 yreas ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fuor garet wihte srkhas hvae been deetcetd siimmwng off the casot in the psat few weeks. Tehy all aepapr to be mnikag teihr aaunnl mtiogiran form the Fildora Kyes up to the US Neaoshrtt and Cadana, adrcconig to the noionpfrt minrae raerecsh gurop OERCACH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For garet with srkhas hvae been deetcetd siimmwng off the casot in the psat few weeks. They all aepapr to be mnikag teihr aaunnl mtiogiran form the Fildora Kyes up to the US Neaoshrtt and Cadana, adrcconig to the noionpfrt minrae raerecsh gurop OERCACH. Scrambled sentence: Fuor garet wihte srkhas hvae been deetcetd siimmwng off the casot in the psat few weeks. Tehy all aepapr to be mnikag teihr aaunnl mtiogiran form the Fildora Kyes up to the US Neaoshrtt and Cadana, adrcconig to the noionp", "scrambled": "Fuor garet wihte srkhas hvae been deetcetd siimmwng off the casot in the psat few weeks. Tehy all aepapr to be mnikag teihr aaunnl mtiogiran form the Fildora Kyes up to the US Neaoshrtt and Cadana, adrcconig to the noionpfrt minrae raerecsh gurop OERCACH.", "original": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the nonprofit marine research group OCEARCH.", "recovered": "For garet with srkhas hvae been deetcetd siimmwng off the casot in the psat few weeks. They all aepapr to be mnikag teihr aaunnl mtiogiran form the Fildora Kyes up to the US Neaoshrtt and Cadana, adrcconig to the noionpfrt minrae raerecsh gurop OERCACH."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fuor men espcead form a Miipsspssii jial oevr the weenekd, ofilifcas siad. One of tehm was fuond daed in a bnured bnliiudg atefr a sanftdof wtih airutoitehs, and a soencd was anpdphereed in Txaes. As of Fidray, ahiertotius wree cnnntuoiig tiehr sreach for the two svurinivg eespacd itnames.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "men espcead form a Miipsspssii jial oevr the weenekd, ofilifcas siad. One of tehm was fuond daed in a bnured bnliiudg atefr a geshtdof wtih airutoitehs, and a soencd was anpdphereed in Txaes. As of Fidray, ahiertotius wree cnnntuoiig tiehr sreach for the two svurinivg eespacd itnames. Scrambled sentence: Fuor men espcead form a Miipsspssii jial oevr the weenekd, ofilifcas siad. One of tehm was fuond daed in a bnured bnliiudg atefr", "scrambled": "Fuor men espcead form a Miipsspssii jial oevr the weenekd, ofilifcas siad. One of tehm was fuond daed in a bnured bnliiudg atefr a sanftdof wtih airutoitehs, and a soencd was anpdphereed in Txaes. As of Fidray, ahiertotius wree cnnntuoiig tiehr sreach for the two svurinivg eespacd itnames.", "original": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with authorities, and a second was apprehended in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving escaped inmates.", "recovered": "men espcead form a Miipsspssii jial oevr the weenekd, ofilifcas siad. One of tehm was fuond daed in a bnured bnliiudg atefr a geshtdof wtih airutoitehs, and a soencd was anpdphereed in Txaes. As of Fidray, ahiertotius wree cnnntuoiig tiehr sreach for the two svurinivg eespacd itnames."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox Nwes and Tckeur Colrasn, the rhgit-wnig eiesrtmxt who hetosd the ntorwek\u2019s pimre tmie 8 p.m. huor, hvae sreeevd teis, the nowtrek siad in a sntuning auonenemnnct on Mnaody.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fox News and Tckeur Colrasn, the right-wing-writing editors who have heard the NowTrek\u2019s post at 8 p.m. hour, have saved teis, the NowTrek said in a stuning announcement on Monday. Scrambled sentence: Fox Nwes and Tckeur Colrasn, the right-wnig eiesrtmxt who hetosd the ntorwek\u2019s pimre tmie 8 p.m. huor, have sreeevd teis, the nowtrek siad in a sntuning auonenemnnct on Mnaody. Scrambled sentence: Fox Nwes and Tckeur Colrasn, the right-wnig eiesrtmxt who hetosd the ntorwek\u2019s pimre tmie 8 p.m. huor, hvae sreeevd teis, the nowtre", "scrambled": "Fox Nwes and Tckeur Colrasn, the rhgit-wnig eiesrtmxt who hetosd the ntorwek\u2019s pimre tmie 8 p.m. huor, hvae sreeevd teis, the nowtrek siad in a sntuning auonenemnnct on Mnaody.", "original": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the network\u2019s prime time 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, the network said in a stunning announcement on Monday.", "recovered": "Fox News and Tckeur Colrasn, the right-wing-writing editors who have heard the NowTrek\u2019s post at 8 p.m. hour, have saved teis, the NowTrek said in a stuning announcement on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox Nwes aunocennd the pirme-tmie hsot\u2019s aprubt daerutrpe on Mdanoy, lses tahn a week aetfr aingereg to pay $787.5m to stelte a dfteaiamon csae in wichh Cslraon paelyd a sntirarg rloe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fox News has re-entered the top-five most-viewed channels\u2019 ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day", "scrambled": "Fox Nwes aunocennd the pirme-tmie hsot\u2019s aprubt daerutrpe on Mdanoy, lses tahn a week aetfr aingereg to pay $787.5m to stelte a dfteaiamon csae in wichh Cslraon paelyd a sntirarg rloe.", "original": "Fox News announced the prime-time host\u2019s abrupt departure on Monday, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role.", "recovered": "Fox News has re-entered the top-five most-viewed channels\u2019 ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day\u2019s ad-free day"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox Nwes aioedvd a hgih-piflore dftaeamoin trail by recaihng the lsat-mnutie dael wtih Dmonoiin, cdncniluog two yares of liiagiottn oevr the nwes norewtk\u2019s aniirg of flsae cmlias taht the 2020 US pdetisirenal eoiectln was regigd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fox News blazed a high-profile debate trail by recaihng the last-minute debate with Dmonoiin, confirming two years of liiagiottn over the network\u2019s announcement of flsae cmlias that the 2020 US presidential election was re-opened. Scrambled sentence: Fox Nwes aioedvd a hgih-piflore dftaeamoin trail by recaihng the lsat-mnutie dael wttih Dmonoiin, cdncniluog two yares of liiagiottn oevr the nwes norewtk\u2019s aniirg of flsae cmlias taht the 2020 US pdetisirenal eoiectln was regigd. Scrambled sentence: Fox Nwes aioedvd a h", "scrambled": "Fox Nwes aioedvd a hgih-piflore dftaeamoin trail by recaihng the lsat-mnutie dael wtih Dmonoiin, cdncniluog two yares of liiagiottn oevr the nwes norewtk\u2019s aniirg of flsae cmlias taht the 2020 US pdetisirenal eoiectln was regigd.", "original": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching the last-minute deal with Dominion, concluding two years of litigation over the news network\u2019s airing of false claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "recovered": "Fox News blazed a high-profile debate trail by recaihng the last-minute debate with Dmonoiin, confirming two years of liiagiottn over the network\u2019s announcement of flsae cmlias that the 2020 US presidential election was re-opened."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox Nwes wlil pay mroe tahn $787 mloiiln to Diomnoin Vitnog Smtyess atfer the two seids aeegrd to a lsat-mtniue sntlteeemt Teudasy in the esipvlxoe dtaoiefamn csae bhorugt aigasnt the rihgt-wnig newtrok.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Diomn Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Diomn lumin\u0103n to Diomn lumin\u0103n Vitnog Smtyess after the two seids aeegrd to a last-minute-mtn lumin\u0103 antreprenor antreprenor antreprenor antreprenor antreprenor antreprenor lumin\u0103 antreprenor lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Fox Nwes wlil pay mroe tahn $787 mloiiln to Diomnoin Vitnog Smtyess atfer the two seids aeegrd to a lsat-mtniue sntlteeemt Teudasy in the esipvlxoe dtaoiefamn csae bhorugt aigasnt the rihgt-wnig newtrok.", "original": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Dominion Voting Systems after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the explosive defamation case brought against the right-wing network.", "recovered": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Diomn Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Diomn lumin\u0103n to Diomn lumin\u0103n Vitnog Smtyess after the two seids aeegrd to a last-minute-mtn lumin\u0103 antreprenor antreprenor antreprenor antreprenor antreprenor antreprenor lumin\u0103 antreprenor lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gramen aiteuothirs wearnd llcoas in Blerin\u2019s setuhron suburbs to saty ioodrns atefr rpreots taht a fealme loin was at lrage. Two wnesisets roerpetd sieeng a big cat runinng afetr and kilnilg a wlid baor, acrcdinog to plubic boatadesrcr RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t konw wehre it cmae form,\u201d siad picloe soapsmekn Diaenl Keip. No nbeary zoos, ccisreus or saiutaecnrs seem to be misinsg one.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Gramen aiteuothirs wearnd llcoas in Blerin\u2019s setuhron suburbs to saty llcoas before rpreots taht a fealme loin was at lrage. Two wnesisets roerpetd sieeng a big cat runinng afetr and kilnilg a wlid baor, according to plubic boatadesrcr RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t konw wehre it cmae form,\u201d siad picloe soapsmekn Diaenl Keip. No nbeary zoos, ccisreus or saiutaecnrs seem to be misinsg one. Scrambled sentence: Gramen aiteuothirs wearnd llcoas in Blerin\u2019s setuhron suburbs to saty", "scrambled": "Gramen aiteuothirs wearnd llcoas in Blerin\u2019s setuhron suburbs to saty ioodrns atefr rpreots taht a fealme loin was at lrage. Two wnesisets roerpetd sieeng a big cat runinng afetr and kilnilg a wlid baor, acrcdinog to plubic boatadesrcr RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t konw wehre it cmae form,\u201d siad picloe soapsmekn Diaenl Keip. No nbeary zoos, ccisreus or saiutaecnrs seem to be misinsg one.", "original": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at large. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a wild boar, according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Daniel Kiep. No nearby zoos, circuses or sanctuaries seem to be missing one.", "recovered": "Gramen aiteuothirs wearnd llcoas in Blerin\u2019s setuhron suburbs to saty llcoas before rpreots taht a fealme loin was at lrage. Two wnesisets roerpetd sieeng a big cat runinng afetr and kilnilg a wlid baor, according to plubic boatadesrcr RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t konw wehre it cmae form,\u201d siad picloe soapsmekn Diaenl Keip. No nbeary zoos, ccisreus or saiutaecnrs seem to be misinsg one."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Greanmy, the two-tmie cihmopan taem, was dirmtcallaay kneockd out of the Wlord Cup on Thdrasuy afetr a 1-1 darw wtih Stouh Keora.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Greece, the two-time champion cup team, was directly knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with Stoke Keogh. Scrambled sentence: Greanmy, the two-tmie cihmopan taem, was dirmtcallaay kneockd out of the Wlord Cup on Thdrasuy afetr a 1-1 darw wtih Stouh Keora. Scrambled sentence: Greanmy, the two-tmie cihmopan taem, was dirmtcallaay kneockd out of the Wlord Cup on Thdrasuy afetr a 1-1 darw wtih Stouh Keora. Scrambled sentence: Greanmy, the two-tmie cihmopan taem, was dirmtcallaay kneockd out of the Wlord Cup on Thdrasuy afetr ", "scrambled": "Greanmy, the two-tmie cihmopan taem, was dirmtcallaay kneockd out of the Wlord Cup on Thdrasuy afetr a 1-1 darw wtih Stouh Keora.", "original": "Germany, the two-time champion team, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "recovered": "Greece, the two-time champion cup team, was directly knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with Stoke Keogh."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gsoaglw has an aevagre lfie entceacpxy of 76 yares, cmareopd wtih 88 in ntroh Ldoonn\u2019s Hmestapad aera, aoccrndig to an ansyalis of ONS dtaa by Halteh Eualqs. The cimapgan gourp balemd \u201csrtnatilg\u201d rnoigael dpisateiirs on srstbuaadnd hosuing, poor eutodiacn and prvotey. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uewnparpd pdcsaot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Gsoaglw has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hempelpad area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Halteh Economics. The campaign group gourp balemd \u201cstrinatilg\u201d real-life data on savings, housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwnparpd podcast. Scrambled sentence: Gsoaglw has an aevagre lfie entceacpxy of 76 yares, cmareopd wtih 88 in ntroh Ldoonn\u2019s Hmestapad aera, aoccrndig to an ansyalis of ONS dtaa by Halteh Eualqs. The cimapgan gourp balemd \u201csrtnatilg\u201d rnoigael dpisateiirs on srstbuaadnd hosuing, poor eutodiacn and prvot", "scrambled": "Gsoaglw has an aevagre lfie entceacpxy of 76 yares, cmareopd wtih 88 in ntroh Ldoonn\u2019s Hmestapad aera, aoccrndig to an ansyalis of ONS dtaa by Halteh Eualqs. The cimapgan gourp balemd \u201csrtnatilg\u201d rnoigael dpisateiirs on srstbuaadnd hosuing, poor eutodiacn and prvotey. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uewnparpd pdcsaot.", "original": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hampstead area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d regional disparities on substandard housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Gsoaglw has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hempelpad area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Halteh Economics. The campaign group gourp balemd \u201cstrinatilg\u201d real-life data on savings, housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwnparpd podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gaboll satr Taolyr Siwft has re-reelesad her 2010 ablum \u201cSapek Now\u201d as prat of an oinngog re-rrdeiocng pceojrt. But fnas are ddieivd oevr cneahgs to the lciyrs of the alubm\u2019s tnteh tacrk, \u201cBteter Tahn Rgeevne\u201d. In the oragniil voisren, Sifwt auscces a gril who has soletn her lvoe iretenst of bneig \u201cbetetr kownn for the tghnis taht she deos / On the mtsreats.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Gaboll satr Taolyr Siwft has re-reelesad her 2010 ablum \u201cSapek Now\u201d as prat of an oinngog re-rrdeiocng pceojrt. But fnas are ddieivd oevr cnesear\u0103gs to the lci Jude\u0163eanS of the alubm\u2019s tnteh tacrk, \u201cBteter Tahn Rgeevne\u201d. In the oragniil voisren, Sifwt auscces a gril who has soletn her lvoe iretenst of bneig \u201cbetter kownn for the tghnis taht she deos / On the mtsreats.\u201d. Gaboll satr Taolyr Siwft has re-reelesad her 2010 ablum \u201cSapek Now\u201d as prat of an oinn", "scrambled": "Gaboll satr Taolyr Siwft has re-reelesad her 2010 ablum \u201cSapek Now\u201d as prat of an oinngog re-rrdeiocng pceojrt. But fnas are ddieivd oevr cneahgs to the lciyrs of the alubm\u2019s tnteh tacrk, \u201cBteter Tahn Rgeevne\u201d. In the oragniil voisren, Sifwt auscces a gril who has soletn her lvoe iretenst of bneig \u201cbetetr kownn for the tghnis taht she deos / On the mtsreats.\u201d.", "original": "Global star Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing re-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her love interest of being \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.", "recovered": "Gaboll satr Taolyr Siwft has re-reelesad her 2010 ablum \u201cSapek Now\u201d as prat of an oinngog re-rrdeiocng pceojrt. But fnas are ddieivd oevr cnesear\u0103gs to the lci Jude\u0163eanS of the alubm\u2019s tnteh tacrk, \u201cBteter Tahn Rgeevne\u201d. In the oragniil voisren, Sifwt auscces a gril who has soletn her lvoe iretenst of bneig \u201cbetter kownn for the tghnis taht she deos / On the mtsreats.\u201d. Gaboll satr Taolyr Siwft has re-reelesad her 2010 ablum \u201cSapek Now\u201d as prat of an oinn"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gneargr dveeilred the nwes, kownn as Geanerl Oedrrs, No. 3, in Gvetsaoln, Taexs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Gneargr dve The following sentence contains scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scram Please recover the sentence. Scram The following sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please", "scrambled": "Gneargr dveeilred the nwes, kownn as Geanerl Oedrrs, No. 3, in Gvetsaoln, Taexs.", "original": "Granger delivered the news, known as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "recovered": "Gneargr dve The following sentence contains scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gelneanrd\u2019s pnlairaemt voetd to stcik to Diaghylt Sinvag Teims in oderr to gvie popele in the Dniash smei-indedeenpnt trtrioery mroe tmie in the aeortfnon to do bsensuis wtih Eoupre and Ntroh Acmeira. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrppeawd pacsdot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Gelneanrd\u2019s pnlairaemt voetd to stcik to Diaghylt Sinvag Teims in oderr to gvie popele in the Dniash smei-indedeenpnt trtrioery mroe tmie in the aeortfnon to do bsensuis wtih Eoupre and Ntroh Acmeira. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrppeawd pacsdot. Scrambled sentence: Gelneanrd\u2019s pnlairaemt voetd to stcik to Diaghylt Sinvag Teims in oderr to gvie popele in the Dniash smei-indedeenpnt trtrioery mroe tmie in the aeortfnon to do bsensu", "scrambled": "Gelneanrd\u2019s pnlairaemt voetd to stcik to Diaghylt Sinvag Teims in oderr to gvie popele in the Dniash smei-indedeenpnt trtrioery mroe tmie in the aeortfnon to do bsensuis wtih Eoupre and Ntroh Acmeira. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrppeawd pacsdot.", "original": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick to Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent territory more time in the afternoon to do business with Europe and North America. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Gelneanrd\u2019s pnlairaemt voetd to stcik to Diaghylt Sinvag Teims in oderr to gvie popele in the Dniash smei-indedeenpnt trtrioery mroe tmie in the aeortfnon to do bsensuis wtih Eoupre and Ntroh Acmeira. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unrppeawd pacsdot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gtera Gierwg\u2019s \u201cBbaire\u201d clmeaid the top sopt as the hghiest-gsniorsg flim of the yaer, rnakig in $162 milolin in the US and Cdaana alnoe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "George Gierwg\u2019s \u201cBbaire\u201d clinked the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone. Scrambled sentence: Gtera Gierwg\u2019s \u201cBbaire\u201d clmeaid the top sopt as the hghiest-gsniorsg flim of the yaer, rnakig in $162 milolin in the US and Cdaana alnoe. Recovered sentence: George Gierwg\u2019s \u201cBbaire\u201d clinked the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone. Scrambled sentence: Gtera Gierwg\u2019s \u201cBbaire\u201d clmeaid the top sopt as the hghiest-gsniorsg flim of the yaer, rnakig in $162 milolin in the US and Cdaana alnoe. Recovered sentence: George", "scrambled": "Gtera Gierwg\u2019s \u201cBbaire\u201d clmeaid the top sopt as the hghiest-gsniorsg flim of the yaer, rnakig in $162 milolin in the US and Cdaana alnoe.", "original": "Greta Gerwig\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "recovered": "George Gierwg\u2019s \u201cBbaire\u201d clinked the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Greif-sckreitn Nlivashle rntesedis cmae tegeothr for a vgiil Wnsdaedey to muorn there 9-yaer-old crilehdn and trehe aludts keilld in the msas sinohotg at a pvtirae Ctiaisrhn shcool.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Greif-skreit The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. The following sentence contains words with scrambled", "scrambled": "Greif-sckreitn Nlivashle rntesedis cmae tegeothr for a vgiil Wnsdaedey to muorn there 9-yaer-old crilehdn and trehe aludts keilld in the msas sinohotg at a pvtirae Ctiaisrhn shcool.", "original": "Grief-stricken Nashville residents came together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-year-old children and three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloewd by \u201cThe Lsat of Us\u201d wtih 24. The Emmy Aawdrs are cntelurry sheucdeld for Seetmpebr 18. (HBO, wichh lkie CNN, is oewnd by Wrenar Bors. Dvoeicrsy.).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloewd by \u201cThe Lsat of Us\u201d wtih 24. The Emmy Aawdrs are cntelurry sheucdeld for Seetmpebr 18. (HBO, wichh lkie CNN, is oewnd by Wrenar Bors. Dvoeicrsy.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloewd by \u201cThe Lsat of Us\u201d wtih 24. The Emmy Aawdrs are cntelurry sheucdeld for Seetmpebr 18. (HBO, wichh lkie CNN, is oewnd by Wrenar Bors. Dvoeicrsy.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloew", "scrambled": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloewd by \u201cThe Lsat of Us\u201d wtih 24. The Emmy Aawdrs are cntelurry sheucdeld for Seetmpebr 18. (HBO, wichh lkie CNN, is oewnd by Wrenar Bors. Dvoeicrsy.).", "original": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.).", "recovered": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloewd by \u201cThe Lsat of Us\u201d wtih 24. The Emmy Aawdrs are cntelurry sheucdeld for Seetmpebr 18. (HBO, wichh lkie CNN, is oewnd by Wrenar Bors. Dvoeicrsy.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloewd by \u201cThe Lsat of Us\u201d wtih 24. The Emmy Aawdrs are cntelurry sheucdeld for Seetmpebr 18. (HBO, wichh lkie CNN, is oewnd by Wrenar Bors. Dvoeicrsy.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSsciescoun\u201d led wtih 27 Emmy noiamtnonis, folloew"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hkecars form a rmrwanasoe gnag are tnirhetenag to laek 80 gbitgeays of ctodanefiinl dtaa form Redidt taht tehy cailm to hvae selotn druing a Febarury bcreah, arnodiccg to a psot form the gurop on the drak web, wichh was rewvieed by CNN and an idnenenepdt certiuryecbsy erexpt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Hkecars form a rmrwanasoe gnag are tnirhetenag to laek 80 gbitgeays of ctodanefiinl dtaa form Redidt tahsear\u0103ek 80 gbitgeays of ctodanefiinl dtaa form Redidt taht tehy cailm to hvae selotn druing a Febarury bcreah, arnodiccg to a psot form the gurop on the drak web, wichh was rewvieeeed by CNN and an idnenenepdt certiuryecbsy erexpt.", "scrambled": "Hkecars form a rmrwanasoe gnag are tnirhetenag to laek 80 gbitgeays of ctodanefiinl dtaa form Redidt taht tehy cailm to hvae selotn druing a Febarury bcreah, arnodiccg to a psot form the gurop on the drak web, wichh was rewvieed by CNN and an idnenenepdt certiuryecbsy erexpt.", "original": "Hackers from a ransomware gang are threatening to leak 80 gigabytes of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a February breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by CNN and an independent cybersecurity expert.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hlaf of all Arenmcais lvinig osdiute on the stteres lvie in Cnliraiofa. Mroe tahn 170,000 ushneuod popele curtlreny lvie in the sttae \u2014 and taht fgriue is gwrinog, freaedl dtaa swhos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hlaf of all Arenmcais lvinig osdiute on the stteres lvie in Cnliraiofa. Mroe tahn 170,000 ushneuod popele curtlreny lvie in the sttae \u2014 and taht fgriue is gwrinog, freaedl dtaa swhos. Scrambled sentence: Hlaf of all Arenmcais lvinig osdiute on the stteres lvie in Cnliraiofa. Mroe tahn 170,000 ushneuod popele curtlreny lvie in the sttae \u2014 and taht fgriue is gwrinog, freaedl dtaa swhos. Recovered sentence: Hlaf of all Arenmcais lvinig osdiute on the ", "scrambled": "Hlaf of all Arenmcais lvinig osdiute on the stteres lvie in Cnliraiofa. Mroe tahn 170,000 ushneuod popele curtlreny lvie in the sttae \u2014 and taht fgriue is gwrinog, freaedl dtaa swhos.", "original": "Half of all Americans living outside on the streets live in California. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows.", "recovered": "Hlaf of all Arenmcais lvinig osdiute on the stteres lvie in Cnliraiofa. Mroe tahn 170,000 ushneuod popele curtlreny lvie in the sttae \u2014 and taht fgriue is gwrinog, freaedl dtaa swhos."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hnaanh Igranm-Mrooe and her hasnubd wree gaerntd poirsmsien to bliud an office in the gurdnos of tiher Bhdrsredoife hmoe, to be uesd ptalry \u201cin cioocnnetn wtih the Cptaain Tom Futnodaoin and its cabhlirate otbeijvecs\u201d, but tehn aeddd a pool binulidg and aeiplpd for rcstoevertipe pimsrsoien. Tehy hvae now been odeerrd to doeimlsh the pool spa cpmeolx aeftr the rpeteicvrtose aaoilcptpin was deiend.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hnaanh Igranm-Mrooe and her hasnubd were given permission to build an office in the gurdnos of the other Bhdrsredoife hmoe, to be used ptalry \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Futnodaoin and its cabhlirate otbeijvecs\u201d, but then they added a pool building and applied for regular-type permissions. They have now been ordered to finish the pool spa complex after the re-election campaign was de-ended. Scrambled sentence: Hnaanh Igranm-Mrooe and her hasnubd wree gaerntd poirsmsien to bliud an office in the gurdnos of tiher Bhdrsredoife hmoe, to be uesd ptalry \u201cin cioocnnetn wtih the Cptaain Tom Futnodaoin and its cabh", "scrambled": "Hnaanh Igranm-Mrooe and her hasnubd wree gaerntd poirsmsien to bliud an office in the gurdnos of tiher Bhdrsredoife hmoe, to be uesd ptalry \u201cin cioocnnetn wtih the Cptaain Tom Futnodaoin and its cabhlirate otbeijvecs\u201d, but tehn aeddd a pool binulidg and aeiplpd for rcstoevertipe pimsrsoien. Tehy hvae now been odeerrd to doeimlsh the pool spa cpmeolx aeftr the rpeteicvrtose aaoilcptpin was deiend.", "original": "Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband were granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire home, to be used partly \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool building and applied for retrospective permission. They have now been ordered to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application was denied.", "recovered": "Hnaanh Igranm-Mrooe and her hasnubd were given permission to build an office in the gurdnos of the other Bhdrsredoife hmoe, to be used ptalry \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Futnodaoin and its cabhlirate otbeijvecs\u201d, but then they added a pool building and applied for regular-type permissions. They have now been ordered to finish the pool spa complex after the re-election campaign was de-ended."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hun Sen, who has been Cdoibama\u2019s pmrie mstienir snice 1985, aconnenud his reagotnsiin dyas aeftr his ptray won a vllarituy usntoeetcnd gerneal etloiecn. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwpnpared paodsct.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hun Sen, who has been Obama\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a void \u021bar\u0103 str\u0103luc Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 str\u0103luc singurul Jude\u0163ean adev\u0103rat presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune Foarte lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 Foarte lumin\u0103 Foarte lumin\u0103 Foarte lumin\u0103 Foarte lumin\u0103 Uneori a\u015ftept uimit uimit presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune", "scrambled": "Hun Sen, who has been Cdoibama\u2019s pmrie mstienir snice 1985, aconnenud his reagotnsiin dyas aeftr his ptray won a vllarituy usntoeetcnd gerneal etloiecn. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwpnpared paodsct.", "original": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Hun Sen, who has been Obama\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a void \u021bar\u0103 str\u0103luc Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 str\u0103luc singurul Jude\u0163ean adev\u0103rat presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune Foarte lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 Foarte lumin\u0103 Foarte lumin\u0103 Foarte lumin\u0103 Foarte lumin\u0103 Uneori a\u015ftept uimit uimit presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Heuntr Biedn, the son of Peirsnedt Joe Bdein, wlil plaed giulty to two tax maremisondes and srctuk a dael wtih fareedl posturrecos to rsevole a fnoely gun chrgae, the Jictsue Dmarentpet siad Taseduy in crout filngis. As prat of the pela aeeenmgrt, the DOJ has aeergd to rmeecmond a setnnece of pobariotn for the two cutons of fnaiilg to pay taexs in a tmiely metatr for the yraes 2017 and 2018, aincocdrg to sueocrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Heuntr Biedn, the son of Peirsnedt Joe Bdein, will plaed giulty to two tax maremisondes and srctuk a dael wtih fareedl posturrecos to rsevole a fnoely gun chrgae, the Jictsue Dmarentpet siad Taseduy in crout filngis. As prat of the pela aeeenmgrt, the DOJ has aeergd to rmeecmond a setnnece of pobariotn for the two cutons of fnaiilg to pay taexs in a tmiely metatr for the yraes 2017 and 2018, aincocdrg to sueocrs. Scrambled sentence: Heuntr Biedn, the son of Peirsnedt Joe Bdein, will plaed giul", "scrambled": "Heuntr Biedn, the son of Peirsnedt Joe Bdein, wlil plaed giulty to two tax maremisondes and srctuk a dael wtih fareedl posturrecos to rsevole a fnoely gun chrgae, the Jictsue Dmarentpet siad Taseduy in crout filngis. As prat of the pela aeeenmgrt, the DOJ has aeergd to rmeecmond a setnnece of pobariotn for the two cutons of fnaiilg to pay taexs in a tmiely metatr for the yraes 2017 and 2018, aincocdrg to sueocrs.", "original": "Hunter Biden, the son of President Joe Biden, will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "recovered": "Heuntr Biedn, the son of Peirsnedt Joe Bdein, will plaed giulty to two tax maremisondes and srctuk a dael wtih fareedl posturrecos to rsevole a fnoely gun chrgae, the Jictsue Dmarentpet siad Taseduy in crout filngis. As prat of the pela aeeenmgrt, the DOJ has aeergd to rmeecmond a setnnece of pobariotn for the two cutons of fnaiilg to pay taexs in a tmiely metatr for the yraes 2017 and 2018, aincocdrg to sueocrs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hadmilivr has rlncetey reaprpeaed off the csaot of Sedewn, hvnaig snpet yaers in Neaogiwrn wraets. Wehn the walhe fsirt aereppad fuor yreas ago, mniare biosoigtls form the Nigreawon drctrioaete of ferisehis rvmeoed a hesrans, wchih had a mnout subtalie for an aioctn cmeara and the wrdos \u201cEenimuqpt St Puertesbrg\u201d prnteid on it, ldiaeng to spoelictuan the walhe colud hvae been prat of a Rsiusan snipyg prgamrmoe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hadmilvr has rlncetey reaprpeaed off the csaot of Sedewn, hvnaig snpet yaers in Neaogiwrn wraets. When the walhe fsirt aereppad fuor yreas ago, mniare biosoigtls form the Nigreawon drctrioaete of ferisehis rvmeoed a hesrans, wchih had a mnout subtalie for an aioctn cmeara and the wrdos \u201cEenimuqpt St Puertesbrg\u201d prnteid on it, ldiaeng to spoelictuan the walhe colud hvae been prat of a Rsiusan snipyg prgamrmoe. Scrambled sentence: Had", "scrambled": "Hadmilivr has rlncetey reaprpeaed off the csaot of Sedewn, hvnaig snpet yaers in Neaogiwrn wraets. Wehn the walhe fsirt aereppad fuor yreas ago, mniare biosoigtls form the Nigreawon drctrioaete of ferisehis rvmeoed a hesrans, wchih had a mnout subtalie for an aioctn cmeara and the wrdos \u201cEenimuqpt St Puertesbrg\u201d prnteid on it, ldiaeng to spoelictuan the walhe colud hvae been prat of a Rsiusan snipyg prgamrmoe.", "original": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having spent years in Norwegian waters. When the whale first appeared four years ago, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of fisheries removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cEquipment St Petersburg\u201d printed on it, leading to speculation the whale could have been part of a Russian spying programme.", "recovered": "Hadmilvr has rlncetey reaprpeaed off the csaot of Sedewn, hvnaig snpet yaers in Neaogiwrn wraets. When the walhe fsirt aereppad fuor yreas ago, mniare biosoigtls form the Nigreawon drctrioaete of ferisehis rvmeoed a hesrans, wchih had a mnout subtalie for an aioctn cmeara and the wrdos \u201cEenimuqpt St Puertesbrg\u201d prnteid on it, ldiaeng to spoelictuan the walhe colud hvae been prat of a Rsiusan snipyg prgamrmoe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: If the two-yaer poilt pagrmorme sreuecs fnidnug, vleotuenrs to rceieve UBI wlil be scteeled at radonm form Jorarw in Sutoh Tnsydeie and Esat Flcenhiy in nrtoh Lonodn, and 20% of pclaes wlil be rvreeesd for pleope wtih dstlbiiieais.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "If the two-year policy paper program succeeds in funding, voters to receive UBI will be selected at random from Joorarw in South Tyndaie and Esat Flcenhiy in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities. Scrambled sentence: If the two-yaer poilt pagrmorme sreuecs fnidnug, vleotuenrs to rceieve UBI wlil be scteeled at radonm form Jorarw in Sutoh Tnsydeie and Esat Flcenhiy in nrtoh Lonodn, and 20% of pleope wlil be rvreeesd for pleope wtih dstlbiiiieais. Recovered sentence: If the two-year policy paper program succeeds in funding, voters to receive UBI will be selected at random from Joorarw in South Tyndaie and Esat Fl", "scrambled": "If the two-yaer poilt pagrmorme sreuecs fnidnug, vleotuenrs to rceieve UBI wlil be scteeled at radonm form Jorarw in Sutoh Tnsydeie and Esat Flcenhiy in nrtoh Lonodn, and 20% of pclaes wlil be rvreeesd for pleope wtih dstlbiiieais.", "original": "If the two-year pilot programme secures funding, volunteers to receive UBI will be selected at random from Jarrow in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "recovered": "If the two-year policy paper program succeeds in funding, voters to receive UBI will be selected at random from Joorarw in South Tyndaie and Esat Flcenhiy in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In 2022, the Sttae Fiar of Teaxs wlcoemed mroe tahn 2.5 miiolln vitsoirs trguhoh its gteas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In 2022, the St. In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In 2022, the St. Scrambled sentence: In", "scrambled": "In 2022, the Sttae Fiar of Teaxs wlcoemed mroe tahn 2.5 miiolln vitsoirs trguhoh its gteas.", "original": "In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates.", "recovered": "In 2022, the St. In 2022, the St."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Cenhnal 4\u2019s \u201cGergg Wcllaae: The Biirsth Mailrce Maet\u201d, the MCeerasthf co-hsot cmliaed to be vsiniitg a campnoy taht slod \u201cergieneend haumn maet\u201d gowrn form seclis of fsleh sligulcray hsevatred form rael ppeloe. The mokenmactruy has sperkad cnplmotias to Ocfom form vrweies who beievled Waalcle rlealy was pntromiog hmaun satkes as a way to cabomt the csot-of-lniivg cisirs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGergg Wcllaae: The Biirsth Mailrce Maet\u201d, the MCeerasthf co-hsot cmliaed to be vsiniitg a campnoy taht slod \u201cergieneend haumn maet\u201d gowrn form seclis of fsleh sligulcray hsevatred form real ppeloe. The mokenmactruy has sperkad cnplmotias to Ocfom form vrweies who beievled Waalcle rlealy was pntromiog hmaun satkes as a way to cabomt the csot-of-lniivg cisirs. Scrambled sentence: In Cenhnal 4\u2019s \u201cGergg Wcllaae: The Biirsth Mailrce Maet\u201d, the", "scrambled": "In Cenhnal 4\u2019s \u201cGergg Wcllaae: The Biirsth Mailrce Maet\u201d, the MCeerasthf co-hsot cmliaed to be vsiniitg a campnoy taht slod \u201cergieneend haumn maet\u201d gowrn form seclis of fsleh sligulcray hsevatred form rael ppeloe. The mokenmactruy has sperkad cnplmotias to Ocfom form vrweies who beievled Waalcle rlealy was pntromiog hmaun satkes as a way to cabomt the csot-of-lniivg cisirs.", "original": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle Meat\u201d, the MasterChef co-host claimed to be visiting a company that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices of flesh surgically harvested from real people. The mockumentary has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis.", "recovered": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGergg Wcllaae: The Biirsth Mailrce Maet\u201d, the MCeerasthf co-hsot cmliaed to be vsiniitg a campnoy taht slod \u201cergieneend haumn maet\u201d gowrn form seclis of fsleh sligulcray hsevatred form real ppeloe. The mokenmactruy has sperkad cnplmotias to Ocfom form vrweies who beievled Waalcle rlealy was pntromiog hmaun satkes as a way to cabomt the csot-of-lniivg cisirs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Ialty, an iyntneinifsg haet wvae has aeradly ciealmd at laset one lfie and lfet seeavrl tusiotrs in Rmoe iataanccitepd due to haet storke, oafcilifs siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In Ialty, an iyntneinifsg haet wvae has aeradly ciealmd at laset one lfie and lfet seeavrl tusiotrs in Rmoe iataanccitepd due to haet storke, oafcilifs siad. Scrambled sentence: In Ialty, an iyntneinifsg haet wvae has aeradly ciealmd at laset one lfie and lfet seeavrl tusiotrs in Rmoe iataanccitepd due to haet storke, oafcilifs siad. Scrambled sentence: In Ialty, an iyntneinifsg haet wvae has aeradly ciealmd at laset one lfie and lfet seeavrl tusiotr", "scrambled": "In Ialty, an iyntneinifsg haet wvae has aeradly ciealmd at laset one lfie and lfet seeavrl tusiotrs in Rmoe iataanccitepd due to haet storke, oafcilifs siad.", "original": "In Italy, an intensifying heat wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rome incapacitated due to heat stroke, officials said.", "recovered": "In Ialty, an iyntneinifsg haet wvae has aeradly ciealmd at laset one lfie and lfet seeavrl tusiotrs in Rmoe iataanccitepd due to haet storke, oafcilifs siad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a YGuoov srveuy of 4,592 Btirsih vetros, alsomt one in fuor Gen Z reedsnptnos siad the Bsiirth mracnohy suhlod be reacpled wtih an eleetcd haed of sttae. Amlsot 60% siad tehy beeevild Knig Cerhlas was out of tcuoh wtih the plubic.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a YGuoov survey of 4,592 British vetros, almost one in five Gen Z readers said the Brexit mystery should be reacted with an eleetcd head of state. Almost 60% said the evil Knig Cerhlas was out of touch with the plubic. Scrambled sentence: In a YGuoov srveuy of 4,592 Btirsih vetros, alsomt one in fuor Gen Z reedsnptnos siad the Bsiirth mracnohy suhlod be reacpled wtih an eleetcd haed of sttae. Amlsot 60% siad tehy beeevild Knig Cerhlas was out of tcuoh wtih the plubic. Recovered sentence: In a YGuoov survey of 4,592 British vetros, almost one in five Gen Z readers said the Brexit mystery should be reacted with an eleetcd head of", "scrambled": "In a YGuoov srveuy of 4,592 Btirsih vetros, alsomt one in fuor Gen Z reedsnptnos siad the Bsiirth mracnohy suhlod be reacpled wtih an eleetcd haed of sttae. Amlsot 60% siad tehy beeevild Knig Cerhlas was out of tcuoh wtih the plubic.", "original": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British voters, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy should be replaced with an elected head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public.", "recovered": "In a YGuoov survey of 4,592 British vetros, almost one in five Gen Z readers said the Brexit mystery should be reacted with an eleetcd head of state. Almost 60% said the evil Knig Cerhlas was out of touch with the plubic."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a bid to pvrneet rgreecoas form uiitranng in pbluic dinrug tihs week\u2019s mteneig, Cnhtehlaem Cnuicol prieovdd luqiid-rliepleng hbyirhdpooc pnait to rsndietes and bsuseisnes. Ocaiflfis in the Gtchlroseeurise twon aslo poeudcrd a psoter snihwog a man and a wmoan pieeng aigsant a tere, wtih the sogaln: \u201cHvae fun tihs rcae week but rebmemer our twon isn\u2019t yuor tileot.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a bid to prevent racists from forming groups and engaging in protests during this week\u2019s match, City College provided large-scale humourous posters to raise awareness of racism and racial abuse. Occupy Londoners in the Gtchlroseeurise twon also poeudcrd a poster showing a policeman snihwog a man and a woman pieeng aigsant a tere, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this racist week but remember our town isn\u2019t your turf.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: In a bid to pvrneet rgreecoas form uiitranng in pbluic dinrug tihs week\u2019s mteneig, Cnhtehlaem Cnuicol prieovdd luqiid-rliepleng hbyirhdpooc pnait to rsndietes and bsuseisnes. Ocaiflfis", "scrambled": "In a bid to pvrneet rgreecoas form uiitranng in pbluic dinrug tihs week\u2019s mteneig, Cnhtehlaem Cnuicol prieovdd luqiid-rliepleng hbyirhdpooc pnait to rsndietes and bsuseisnes. Ocaiflfis in the Gtchlroseeurise twon aslo poeudcrd a psoter snihwog a man and a wmoan pieeng aigsant a tere, wtih the sogaln: \u201cHvae fun tihs rcae week but rebmemer our twon isn\u2019t yuor tileot.\u201d.", "original": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, Cheltenham Council provided liquid-repelling hydrophobic paint to residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also produced a poster showing a man and a woman peeing against a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.", "recovered": "In a bid to prevent racists from forming groups and engaging in protests during this week\u2019s match, City College provided large-scale humourous posters to raise awareness of racism and racial abuse. Occupy Londoners in the Gtchlroseeurise twon also poeudcrd a poster showing a policeman snihwog a man and a woman pieeng aigsant a tere, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this racist week but remember our town isn\u2019t your turf.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a leettr to htlaeh and soiacl crae bessos, Met Pcloie comsinsomeir Mrak Rweoly sttaed his innittoen to oedrr ofrecifs not to attend meantl hltaeh idennicts form 31 Ausgut onardws. Relowy aergud the mvoe is nreecsasy as oiffecrs are bineg \u201cdvteired form teihr croe rloe of fhinitgg cmrie\u201d, cniallg the cenrrut siotituan \u201cuebntlane\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a letter to help and support the hapless and sorrowful crae bessos, Met Pcloie commissioner Mrak Rweoly stated his intention to order officers not to attend meantl htlaeh and soiacl crae bessos, Met Pcloie comsinsomeir Mrak Rweoly sttaed his intention to order officers not to attend meantl htlaeh and soiacl crae bessos from 31 Ausgut onwards. Relowy aergud the move is necessasy as oiffecrs are beg \u201cdvteired form teihr croe rloe of fhinitgg cmrie\u201d, cniallg the cenrrut siotituan \u201cuebntlane\u201d. Scrambled sentence: In a letter to help and support the hapless and sorrowful crae bessos, Met Pcloie commissioner Mrak Rwe", "scrambled": "In a leettr to htlaeh and soiacl crae bessos, Met Pcloie comsinsomeir Mrak Rweoly sttaed his innittoen to oedrr ofrecifs not to attend meantl hltaeh idennicts form 31 Ausgut onardws. Relowy aergud the mvoe is nreecsasy as oiffecrs are bineg \u201cdvteired form teihr croe rloe of fhinitgg cmrie\u201d, cniallg the cenrrut siotituan \u201cuebntlane\u201d.", "original": "In a letter to health and social care bosses, Met Police commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend mental health incidents from 31 August onwards. Rowley argued the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "recovered": "In a letter to help and support the hapless and sorrowful crae bessos, Met Pcloie commissioner Mrak Rweoly stated his intention to order officers not to attend meantl htlaeh and soiacl crae bessos, Met Pcloie comsinsomeir Mrak Rweoly sttaed his intention to order officers not to attend meantl htlaeh and soiacl crae bessos from 31 Ausgut onwards. Relowy aergud the move is necessasy as oiffecrs are beg \u201cdvteired form teihr croe rloe of fhinitgg cmrie\u201d, cniallg the cenrrut siotituan \u201cuebntlane\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a nseaweppr itieenvrw aehad of Tdhusary\u2019s lacol etoinlces, Sreamtr pgldeed to laed a \u201cblod and roemrnfig Luaobr germveonnt biirnngg aobut rael chnage\u201d by oeruilvahng pbiulc srvicees iclnndiug the NHS. The Lboaur leedar aslo uileevnd pnlas to hlep frsit-tmie hmoe breyus, and a rvmeap of touiitn fees.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a nseaweppr itieenvrw aehad of Tdhusary\u2019s lacol etoinlces, Sreamtr pgldeed to laed a \u201cblod and roemrnfig Luaobr germveonnt biirnngg aobut rael chnage\u201d by oeruilvahng pbiulc srvicees iclnndiug the NHS. The Lboaur leedar aslo uileevnd pnlas to hlep frsit-tmie hmoe breyus, and a rvmeap of touiitn fees. Scrambled sentence: In a nseaweppr itieenvrw aehad of Tdhusary\u2019s lacol etoinlces, Sreamtr pgldeed to laed a \u201cblod and", "scrambled": "In a nseaweppr itieenvrw aehad of Tdhusary\u2019s lacol etoinlces, Sreamtr pgldeed to laed a \u201cblod and roemrnfig Luaobr germveonnt biirnngg aobut rael chnage\u201d by oeruilvahng pbiulc srvicees iclnndiug the NHS. The Lboaur leedar aslo uileevnd pnlas to hlep frsit-tmie hmoe breyus, and a rvmeap of touiitn fees.", "original": "In a newspaper interview ahead of Thursday\u2019s local elections, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and reforming Labour government bringing about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a revamp of tuition fees.", "recovered": "In a nseaweppr itieenvrw aehad of Tdhusary\u2019s lacol etoinlces, Sreamtr pgldeed to laed a \u201cblod and roemrnfig Luaobr germveonnt biirnngg aobut rael chnage\u201d by oeruilvahng pbiulc srvicees iclnndiug the NHS. The Lboaur leedar aslo uileevnd pnlas to hlep frsit-tmie hmoe breyus, and a rvmeap of touiitn fees."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a rorpet phbulsied on Tasrhudy, the piverlgeis cotiemtme siad taht had Jhnoson not alaedry rnegeisd, he shuold hvae feacd a terhe-mtonh souisspnen for deaielrtleby msdienlaig MPs oevr Pttygarae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a report published on Tuesday, the parliamentary committee said that had Johnson not acted, he should have faced a two-year suspension for allegedly misbehaving MPs over Parliament Square. Scrambled sentence: In a report published on Tuesday, the parliamentary committee said that had Johnson not acted, he should have faced a two-year suspension for allegedly misbehaving MPs over Parliament Square. Scrambled sentence: In a report published on Tuesday, the parliamentary committee said that had Johnson not acted, he should have faced a two-year suspension for allegedly misbehaving MPs over Parliament Square. Scrambled sentence: In a report published on Tuesday, the parliamentary committee said that had Johnson not acted, he should have faced a two-year suspension for allegedly misbehaving MPs over Parliament Square. Scrambled sentence: In a report published on Tuesday, the parliamentary committee said that had Johnson not acted, he should have faced a two-year suspension for allegedly misbehaving MPs over Parliament Square. Scrambled sentence: In a report published", "scrambled": "In a rorpet phbulsied on Tasrhudy, the piverlgeis cotiemtme siad taht had Jhnoson not alaedry rnegeisd, he shuold hvae feacd a terhe-mtonh souisspnen for deaielrtleby msdienlaig MPs oevr Pttygarae.", "original": "In a report published on Thursday, the privileges committee said that had Johnson not already resigned, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "recovered": "In a report published on Tuesday, the parliamentary committee said that had Johnson not acted, he should have faced a two-year suspension for allegedly misbehaving MPs over Parliament Square."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a sfingincait lgael rniulg, a Cadianan jugde has drlecead taht the \u201ctumhbs-up\u201d emjoi ceirras the smae laegl whgeit as a tiondiartal sruigtnae. The jduge agerud taht crtuos msut eracbme the elvviong cmtoanimuiocn mhetods of the \u201cnew raetliy\u201d as he pseasd a vcdiert dnidmaneg a freamr pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an ullfuefinld ccotrnat wtih a giarn bueyr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "sfingincait legal lgael rniulg, a Cadianan jugde has drlecead taht the \u201ctumhbs-up\u201d emjoi ceirras the smae laegl whgeit as a tiondiartal sruigtnae. The jduge agerud taht crtuos msut eracbme the elvviong cmtoanimuiocn mhetods of the \u201cnew raetli Jude\u0163ean\u201d as he pseasd a vcdiert dnidmaneg a freamr pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an ullfuefinld ccotrnat wtih a giarn bueyr. Scrambled sentence: In a sfingincait legal lgae", "scrambled": "In a sfingincait lgael rniulg, a Cadianan jugde has drlecead taht the \u201ctumhbs-up\u201d emjoi ceirras the smae laegl whgeit as a tiondiartal sruigtnae. The jduge agerud taht crtuos msut eracbme the elvviong cmtoanimuiocn mhetods of the \u201cnew raetliy\u201d as he pseasd a vcdiert dnidmaneg a freamr pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an ullfuefinld ccotrnat wtih a giarn bueyr.", "original": "In a significant legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a traditional signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the evolving communication methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a verdict demanding a farmer pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.", "recovered": "sfingincait legal lgael rniulg, a Cadianan jugde has drlecead taht the \u201ctumhbs-up\u201d emjoi ceirras the smae laegl whgeit as a tiondiartal sruigtnae. The jduge agerud taht crtuos msut eracbme the elvviong cmtoanimuiocn mhetods of the \u201cnew raetli Jude\u0163ean\u201d as he pseasd a vcdiert dnidmaneg a freamr pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an ullfuefinld ccotrnat wtih a giarn bueyr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In an anemcnneuont on Irtnasgam, the Caadinan prmie miestnir and his wfie, freomr TV peteenrsr Siophe Grgri\u00e9oe Turdaeu, siad tehy had diedecd to sarpeate fwonoillg \u201cmnay mafnuingel and dicfifult csitooenarnvs\u201d. Tehy wree mierard in Maoetnrl in 2005 and hvae trehe cldihren thogeetr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In an anemcnneuont on Irtnasgam, the Caadinan prmie miestnir and his wfie, freomr TV peteenrsr Siophe Grgri\u00e9oe Turdaeu, siad tehy had diedecd to sarpeate fwonoillg \u201cmnay mafnuingel and dicfifult csitooenarnvs\u201d. Scrambled sentence: In an anemcnneuont on Irtnasgam, the Caadinan prmie miestnir and his wfie, freomr TV peteenrsr Siophe Grgri\u00e9oe Turdaeu, siad tehy had diedecd to sarpeate fwonoillg \u201cmnay mafnuingel and dicfifult csitooenarnvs\u201d. Scrambled sentence: In an anemcnneuont on I", "scrambled": "In an anemcnneuont on Irtnasgam, the Caadinan prmie miestnir and his wfie, freomr TV peteenrsr Siophe Grgri\u00e9oe Turdaeu, siad tehy had diedecd to sarpeate fwonoillg \u201cmnay mafnuingel and dicfifult csitooenarnvs\u201d. Tehy wree mierard in Maoetnrl in 2005 and hvae trehe cldihren thogeetr.", "original": "In an announcement on Instagram, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \u201cmany meaningful and difficult conversations\u201d. They were married in Montreal in 2005 and have three children together.", "recovered": "In an anemcnneuont on Irtnasgam, the Caadinan prmie miestnir and his wfie, freomr TV peteenrsr Siophe Grgri\u00e9oe Turdaeu, siad tehy had diedecd to sarpeate fwonoillg \u201cmnay mafnuingel and dicfifult csitooenarnvs\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In erasetn Iwoa, 4-icnh hial \u2013 jsut laergr tahn a sfalbotl \u2013 renaid dwon on nihorhobdoges whlie smoe wrseten sbburus of Caigcho saw hial the szie of blebasals.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "erasetn Iwoa, 4-icnh hial \u2013 just laergr tahn a sfalbotl \u2013 renaid dwon on nihorhobdoges whlie smoe wrseten sbburus of Caigcho saw hial the szie of blebasals. Scrambled sentence: In erasetn Iwoa, 4-icnh hial \u2013 jsut laergr tahn a sfalbotl \u2013 renaid dwon on nihorhobdoges whlie smoe wrseten sbburus of Caigcho saw hial the szie of blebasals. Scrambled sentence: In erasetn Iwoa, 4-icnh hial \u2013 jsut laergr tahn a sfalbotl \u2013 renaid dwon on nihorhobdog", "scrambled": "In erasetn Iwoa, 4-icnh hial \u2013 jsut laergr tahn a sfalbotl \u2013 renaid dwon on nihorhobdoges whlie smoe wrseten sbburus of Caigcho saw hial the szie of blebasals.", "original": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 just larger than a softball \u2013 rained down on neighborhoods while some western suburbs of Chicago saw hail the size of baseballs.", "recovered": "erasetn Iwoa, 4-icnh hial \u2013 just laergr tahn a sfalbotl \u2013 renaid dwon on nihorhobdoges whlie smoe wrseten sbburus of Caigcho saw hial the szie of blebasals."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In plniolg for The Teims, 62% of mninllaelis siad the Teiors dverseed to lsoe the nxet eeclotin. Olny 21% siad tehy wolud vtoe Cosneavivrte if an eeoitcln wree hled tooorrmw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In polling for The Teims, 62% of mninllaelis said the Teiors dverseed to lsoe the nxet eeclotin. Only 21% said they would vtoe Cosneavivrte if an eeoitcln wree hled tooorrmw. Scrambled sentence: In plniolg for The Teims, 62% of mninllaelis siad the Teiors dverseed to lsoe the nxet eeclotin. Olny 21% siad tehy wolud vtoe Cosneavivrte if an eeoitcln wree hled tooorrmw. Recovered sentence: In polling for The Teims, 62% of mninllaelis said the Teiors dverseed to lsoe the ", "scrambled": "In plniolg for The Teims, 62% of mninllaelis siad the Teiors dverseed to lsoe the nxet eeclotin. Olny 21% siad tehy wolud vtoe Cosneavivrte if an eeoitcln wree hled tooorrmw.", "original": "In polling for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to lose the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow.", "recovered": "In polling for The Teims, 62% of mninllaelis said the Teiors dverseed to lsoe the nxet eeclotin. Only 21% said they would vtoe Cosneavivrte if an eeoitcln wree hled tooorrmw."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In the WHO\u2019s fsirt eteiamtss of ifinettilry perlaencve in mroe tahn a daedce, it was fnoud taht aubot 17.5% of the galobl auldt puploaiotn wlil eecripnxee itinlitrfey. Besad on mroe tahn 100 sideuts bteween 1990 and 2021, the rusltes sohw lietmid vratiaoin beweetn roeings and beeewtn hgih, mlddie and low-incmoe cetnirous. \u201cFor mlnoilis aonrud the wolrd, the ptah to prooteanhd can be dfulifcit to aseccs, if not iomsilbspe,\u201d siad Dr Teodrs Anadohm Guhesbreeys, the WHO droitcer gereanl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimate of financial protection prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population would need to be insured to cover catastrophic health expenditures. Based on more than 100 scenarios between 1990 and 2021, the rules show a wide variation in the ratio of risks and benefits between rich, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions of people all around the world, the price to protect can be detrimental to access, if not impractical,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Guhesbreys, the WHO director general. Scrambled sentence: In the WHO\u2019s fsirt eteiamtss of ifinettilry perlaencve in mroe tahn a daedce, it was fnoud taht aubot 17.5% of the galobl auldt puploaiotn wil eecripnxee itinlitrfey. Besad on mroe tahn 100 sideuts bt", "scrambled": "In the WHO\u2019s fsirt eteiamtss of ifinettilry perlaencve in mroe tahn a daedce, it was fnoud taht aubot 17.5% of the galobl auldt puploaiotn wlil eecripnxee itinlitrfey. Besad on mroe tahn 100 sideuts bteween 1990 and 2021, the rusltes sohw lietmid vratiaoin beweetn roeings and beeewtn hgih, mlddie and low-incmoe cetnirous. \u201cFor mlnoilis aonrud the wolrd, the ptah to prooteanhd can be dfulifcit to aseccs, if not iomsilbspe,\u201d siad Dr Teodrs Anadohm Guhesbreeys, the WHO droitcer gereanl.", "original": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will experience infertility. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and between high, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to parenthood can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general.", "recovered": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimate of financial protection prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population would need to be insured to cover catastrophic health expenditures. Based on more than 100 scenarios between 1990 and 2021, the rules show a wide variation in the ratio of risks and benefits between rich, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions of people all around the world, the price to protect can be detrimental to access, if not impractical,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Guhesbreys, the WHO director general."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In the wkae of sreeval rnceet msas snhogtois, Wnsgatiohn\u2019s Daioecmtrc Gov. Jay Ilnsee tihs week seingd a sdtawiete ban on msot selas of asalsut-sylte wponeas, ilducning the pulaopr AR-15 rlife.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "wake of sweeping restrictions on assault weapons, Washington\u2019s Democratic governor this week signed a sweeping ban on most semiautomatic rifles, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Scrambled sentence: In the wake of sweeping restrictions on assault weapons, Washington\u2019s Democratic governor this week signed a sweeping ban on most semiautomatic rifles, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Scrambled sentence: In the wake of sweeping restrictions on assault weapons, Washington\u2019s Democratic governor this week signed a sweeping ban on most semiautomatic rifles, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Scrambled sentence: In the wake of sweeping restrictions on assault weapons, Washington\u2019s Democratic governor this week signed a sweeping ban on most semiautomatic rifles, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Scrambled sentence: In the wake of sweeping restrictions on assault weapons, Washington\u2019s Democratic governor this week signed a sweeping ban on most semiautomatic rifles, including the popular AR-15 rifle. Scrambled sentence: In the wake of sweeping restrictions on assault weapons, Washington\u2019s Democratic governor this week signed a sweeping ban on most semiautomatic rifles,", "scrambled": "In the wkae of sreeval rnceet msas snhogtois, Wnsgatiohn\u2019s Daioecmtrc Gov. Jay Ilnsee tihs week seingd a sdtawiete ban on msot selas of asalsut-sylte wponeas, ilducning the pulaopr AR-15 rlife.", "original": "In the wake of several recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "recovered": "wake of sweeping restrictions on assault weapons, Washington\u2019s Democratic governor this week signed a sweeping ban on most semiautomatic rifles, including the popular AR-15 rifle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ieenrntt urses in Btariin who use sacreh pserhas scuh as \u201csatg ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are bneig ttgareed wtih pop-up vdoies wnrinag of the cqcsenneoeus of ginettg durnk and rodwy in the Dtuch ctapial.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Nurses in Britain who use sacreh passwords such as \u201csad ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos because of the cqcsenneoeus of ginettg drnink and rodwy in the Dtuch ctapial. Scrambled sentence: Ieenrntt urses in Btariin who use sacreh pserhas scuh as \u201csatg ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are bneig ttgareed wtih pop-up vdoies wnrinag of the cqcsenneoeus of ginettg durnk and rodwy in the Dtuch ctapial. Recovered sentence: Nurses in Britain who use sacreh passwords such as \u201csad ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos because of the cqcsenneoeus of ginettg durnk and", "scrambled": "Ieenrntt urses in Btariin who use sacreh pserhas scuh as \u201csatg ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are bneig ttgareed wtih pop-up vdoies wnrinag of the cqcsenneoeus of ginettg durnk and rodwy in the Dtuch ctapial.", "original": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital.", "recovered": "Nurses in Britain who use sacreh passwords such as \u201csad ptray Ataerdmsm\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos because of the cqcsenneoeus of ginettg drnink and rodwy in the Dtuch ctapial."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Iranled wlil be the fsirt cnuorty in the wrold to mtandae lelbas on ahcoloilc dinrks wnianrg of the rkiss of ccaenr and leivr dsisaee and of dnikinrg in pcnnragey, and ltisnig cairloe cntonet and gmras of alochol. EU meermbs icdnilnug Fcrane, Iltay and Saipn hvae asekd the Eepruoan Cmoiimsosn to igeintatvse wehhetr the mvoe wluod cnetaorvne EU law. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwprnaped pdoscat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Iranled will be the first cnuorty in the wrold to mtandae lelbas on ahcoloilc dinrks wnianrg of the rkiss of ccaenr and leivr dsisaeee and of dnikinrg in pcnnragey, and ltisnig cairloe cntonet and gmras of alochol. EU meermbs icdnilnug Fcrane, Iltay and Saipn hvae asekd the Eepruoan Cmoiimsosn to igeintatvse wehhetr the mvoe wluod cnetaorvne EU law. Fnid out mroe wtrh The Week Uwprnaped pdoscat. Scrambled sentence: Iranled wlil be the fsirt cnu", "scrambled": "Iranled wlil be the fsirt cnuorty in the wrold to mtandae lelbas on ahcoloilc dinrks wnianrg of the rkiss of ccaenr and leivr dsisaee and of dnikinrg in pcnnragey, and ltisnig cairloe cntonet and gmras of alochol. EU meermbs icdnilnug Fcrane, Iltay and Saipn hvae asekd the Eepruoan Cmoiimsosn to igeintatvse wehhetr the mvoe wluod cnetaorvne EU law. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwprnaped pdoscat.", "original": "Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate labels on alcoholic drinks warning of the risks of cancer and liver disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and grams of alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Iranled will be the first cnuorty in the wrold to mtandae lelbas on ahcoloilc dinrks wnianrg of the rkiss of ccaenr and leivr dsisaeee and of dnikinrg in pcnnragey, and ltisnig cairloe cntonet and gmras of alochol. EU meermbs icdnilnug Fcrane, Iltay and Saipn hvae asekd the Eepruoan Cmoiimsosn to igeintatvse wehhetr the mvoe wluod cnetaorvne EU law. Fnid out mroe wtrh The Week Uwprnaped pdoscat."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Iellsaba Tere, who rnus the Kepnp eattse in Wset Ssesux, tlod The Teims taht aamnil sipt is the srecet to gwronig flelur rsoe bhsues. \u201cIf you ccloelt smoe anmail slivaa, eevn if it\u2019s pnoy sipt or smitnheog, and aonnit taht llitte bit taht you cut wtih yuor stracuees, the ezmyne in the sipt, the pnalt can raed it and it geos eevn cerazir,\u201d she tlod the ppear.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Iellsaba Tere, who runs the Kepnp eattse in Wset Ssesux, told The Teims that aamnil sipt is the srecet to gwronig flelur rsoe bhsues. \u201cIf you ccloelt smoe anmail slivaa, even if it\u2019s pnoy sipt or smitnheog, and aonnit taht llitte bit taht you cut wtih yuor stracuees, the ezmyne in the sipt, the pnalt can raed it and it geos eevn cerazir,\u201d she tlod the ppear. Sc", "scrambled": "Iellsaba Tere, who rnus the Kepnp eattse in Wset Ssesux, tlod The Teims taht aamnil sipt is the srecet to gwronig flelur rsoe bhsues. \u201cIf you ccloelt smoe anmail slivaa, eevn if it\u2019s pnoy sipt or smitnheog, and aonnit taht llitte bit taht you cut wtih yuor stracuees, the ezmyne in the sipt, the pnalt can raed it and it geos eevn cerazir,\u201d she tlod the ppear.", "original": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit is the secret to growing fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or something, and anoint that little bit that you cut with your secateurs, the enzyme in the spit, the plant can read it and it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.", "recovered": "Iellsaba Tere, who runs the Kepnp eattse in Wset Ssesux, told The Teims that aamnil sipt is the srecet to gwronig flelur rsoe bhsues. \u201cIf you ccloelt smoe anmail slivaa, even if it\u2019s pnoy sipt or smitnheog, and aonnit taht llitte bit taht you cut wtih yuor stracuees, the ezmyne in the sipt, the pnalt can raed it and it geos eevn cerazir,\u201d she tlod the ppear. Sc"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It aepraps taht Laamr Jokacsn, an MVP wennir in 2019, is oepn to levniag his lmnitoge hmoe wtih the Boimrtlae Rveans. He reeueqstd a tarde form the taem tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "It appears that Lamar Joksan, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to levniag his leadership home with the Boimrtlae Rveans. He received a tarde form the team this week. Scrambled sentence: It aepraps taht Laamr Jokacsn, an MVP wennir in 2019, is oepn to levniag his lmnitoge hmoe wtih the Boimrtlae Rveans. He reeueqstd a tarde form the taem tihs week. Scrambled sentence: It aepraps taht Laamr Jokacsn, an MVP wennir in 2019, is oepn to levniag his lmnitoge hmoe wtih the Boimrtlae Rveans. He reeueqstd a tarde form the taem ti", "scrambled": "It aepraps taht Laamr Jokacsn, an MVP wennir in 2019, is oepn to levniag his lmnitoge hmoe wtih the Boimrtlae Rveans. He reeueqstd a tarde form the taem tihs week.", "original": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his longtime home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week.", "recovered": "It appears that Lamar Joksan, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to levniag his leadership home with the Boimrtlae Rveans. He received a tarde form the team this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Iltay\u2019s msiitnry of clurute syas the new \u20ac5 enntcare fee wlil go tdowars maniitnanig the Phaneotn, but trehe are ceornncs oevr the new tcekiting ssytem wichh has prvoed dlfuifict to accses. Tuoistrs hvae srgglteud at oethr seits wrhee a fee has been intuderocd, scuh as the Cseosluom, prtlay buaecse tuor otoperars buy up tktecis in bluk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Today\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entry fee will go to workers maintaining the Panopticon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has prompted difficulties to access. Tourists have scoffed at other places where a fee has been introduced, such as the Ceusoluom, precisely because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk. Scrambled sentence: Today\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entry fee will go to workers maintaining the Panopticon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has prompted difficulties to access. Tourists have scoffed at other places where a fee has been introduced, such as the Ceusoluom, precisely because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk. Scrambled sentence: Today\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entry fee will go to workers maintaining the Panopticon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has prompted difficulties to access. Tourists have scoffed at other places where a fee has been introduced, such as the Ceusoluom, precisely because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk. Scrambled sentence:", "scrambled": "Iltay\u2019s msiitnry of clurute syas the new \u20ac5 enntcare fee wlil go tdowars maniitnanig the Phaneotn, but trehe are ceornncs oevr the new tcekiting ssytem wichh has prvoed dlfuifict to accses. Tuoistrs hvae srgglteud at oethr seits wrhee a fee has been intuderocd, scuh as the Cseosluom, prtlay buaecse tuor otoperars buy up tktecis in bluk.", "original": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, partly because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk.", "recovered": "Today\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entry fee will go to workers maintaining the Panopticon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has prompted difficulties to access. Tourists have scoffed at other places where a fee has been introduced, such as the Ceusoluom, precisely because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It\u2019s etasemitd taht terhe wree mroe tahn 3.9 mliolin savles in the Untied Sattes as of 1860 \u2014 wilhe olny 500,000 Baclk iuandlidivs lveid as fere psoenrs drinug taht tmie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 with only 500,000 Blacks and 500,000 Indians living as free people during that time. Scrambled sentence: It\u2019s etasemitd taht terhe wree mroe tahn 3.9 mliolin savles in the Untied Sattes as of 1860 \u2014 wilhe olny 500,000 Baclk iuandlidivs lveid as fere psoenrs drinug taht tmie. Recovered sentence: It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 with only 500,000 Blacks and 500,000 Indians living as free people during that time. Scrambled sentence: It\u2019s etasemitd taht terhe wree mroe tahn 3.9 mliolin sav", "scrambled": "It\u2019s etasemitd taht terhe wree mroe tahn 3.9 mliolin savles in the Untied Sattes as of 1860 \u2014 wilhe olny 500,000 Baclk iuandlidivs lveid as fere psoenrs drinug taht tmie.", "original": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time.", "recovered": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 with only 500,000 Blacks and 500,000 Indians living as free people during that time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jsnioclklave, Fdrolia, had the msot fotrgoten iemts, inniucdlg pnheos, waltles, kyes, jeewlry and honepeahds, aonicrcdg to Uebr\u2019s rreopt. San Annoito, Taxes, and Plam Sinrgps, Crloifnaia, took the socend and trihd stpos, rvpiselteecy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Jsnioclklave, Fdrolia, had the msot fotrgoten iemts, inniucdlg pnheos, waltles, kyes, jeewlry and honepeahds, aonicrcdg to Uebr\u2019s rreopt. San Annoito, Taxes, and Plam Sinrgps, Crloifnaia, took the socend and trihd stpos, rvpiselteecy. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Jsnioclklave, Fdrolia, had the msot fotrgoten iemts, inniucdlg pnheos, waltles", "scrambled": "Jsnioclklave, Fdrolia, had the msot fotrgoten iemts, inniucdlg pnheos, waltles, kyes, jeewlry and honepeahds, aonicrcdg to Uebr\u2019s rreopt. San Annoito, Taxes, and Plam Sinrgps, Crloifnaia, took the socend and trihd stpos, rvpiselteecy.", "original": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most forgotten items, including phones, wallets, keys, jewelry and headphones, according to Uber\u2019s report. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jpaan wlil soon bgien rsleinaeg roiciavtdae wtear form the Fmhiuskua naeclur pnlat itno the oaecn as scpae rnus out to cinoatn the cnmttenaoaid meatiral. Jaapn\u2019s gnmoenrevt siad the ttreead wtear wlil be hghliy dleuitd and sfaely reeaesld sllowy oevr decedas. But smoe etxerps and rtsenedis are crnoeencd taht diitlung the waetr mhgit not be eugnoh to rceude its iapcmt on mrinae lfie and lcaol ciitnummoes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Japan will soon be releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as scrubbers run out to clean up the contamination material. Japan\u2019s government has said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely reeaesld for over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diitlung the water may not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities. Scrambled sentence: Jpaan wlil soon bgien rsleinaeg roiciavtdae wtear form the Fmhiuskua naeclur pnlat itno the oaecn as scpae rnus out to cinoatn the cnmttenaoaid meatiral. Jaapn\u2019s gnmoenrevt siad the ttreead wtear wlil be hghly dleuitd and sfaely reeaesld ", "scrambled": "Jpaan wlil soon bgien rsleinaeg roiciavtdae wtear form the Fmhiuskua naeclur pnlat itno the oaecn as scpae rnus out to cinoatn the cnmttenaoaid meatiral. Jaapn\u2019s gnmoenrevt siad the ttreead wtear wlil be hghliy dleuitd and sfaely reeaesld sllowy oevr decedas. But smoe etxerps and rtsenedis are crnoeencd taht diitlung the waetr mhgit not be eugnoh to rceude its iapcmt on mrinae lfie and lcaol ciitnummoes.", "original": "Japan will soon begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out to contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s government said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water might not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.", "recovered": "Japan will soon be releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as scrubbers run out to clean up the contamination material. Japan\u2019s government has said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely reeaesld for over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diitlung the water may not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jhon Amads severd as the fsirt vcie pedrsniet of the US uednr Gregoe Wghasinotn and ltear sveerd one trem as the snceod pdiresent of the US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jhon Amads severd as the fsirt vcie pedrsn uednr Gregoe Wghasinotn and ltear sveerd one trem as the snceod pdiresent of the US. Scrambled sentence: Jhon Amads severd as the first vice president of the US uednr Gregoe Wghasinotn and left sveerd one trem as the second pdiresent of the US. Scrambled sentence: Jhon Amads severd as the first vice president of the US uednr Gregoe Wghasinotn and left sveerd one trem as the second pdiresent of the US. Scrambled sentence: Jhon Amads severd as the first vice president of the US uednr Gregoe Wghasinotn and left sveerd one trem as the second pdiresent of the US.", "scrambled": "Jhon Amads severd as the fsirt vcie pedrsniet of the US uednr Gregoe Wghasinotn and ltear sveerd one trem as the snceod pdiresent of the US.", "original": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US.", "recovered": "Jhon Amads severd as the fsirt vcie pedrsn uednr Gregoe Wghasinotn and ltear sveerd one trem as the snceod pdiresent of the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jon Rham won the 2023 Msetras Truanmoent on Snaudy at Atusgua Naontial Glof Culb, cihlncing his frist geren jekcat and seoncd ceearr mojar.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jon Rham won the 2023 Msetras Truanmoent on Snaudy at Atusgua Naontial Glof Culb, cihlncing his frist geren jekcat and seoncd ceearr mojar. Scrambled sentence: Jon Rham won the 2023 Msetras Truanmoent on Snaudy at Atusgua Naontial Glof Culb, cihlncing his frist geren jekcat and seoncd ceearr mojar. Recovered sentence: Jon Rham won the 2023 Msetras Truanmoent on Snaudy at Atusgua Naontial Glof Culb, cihlncing his frist geren jekcat and seoncd ceearr mojar. Scrambled sentence: Jon Rham won the 2023 Msetras Truanmoent on Snaudy at Atusgua Naontial Glof Culb, cihlncing his frist geren je", "scrambled": "Jon Rham won the 2023 Msetras Truanmoent on Snaudy at Atusgua Naontial Glof Culb, cihlncing his frist geren jekcat and seoncd ceearr mojar.", "original": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first green jacket and second career major.", "recovered": "Jon Rham won the 2023 Msetras Truanmoent on Snaudy at Atusgua Naontial Glof Culb, cihlncing his frist geren jekcat and seoncd ceearr mojar."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jtnaaohn Jaocb Mieejr is fniacg a lswaiut burohgt by the Nrleeahntd\u2019s DrooiKnnd Fondiotaun on blehaf of 25 filiemas who cliam he may hvae irsaneecd the rsik of atnaiccedl isenct and ierndneibg by dynifeg giiuenleds lniiitmg serpm dninaotos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jtnaaohn Jaocb Mieejr is fniacg a lswaiut burohgt by the Nrleeahntd\u2019s DrooiKnnd Fondiotaun on blehaf of 25 filiemas who cliam he may have incurred the risk of atnaiccedl isenc uimitg by dinifeg giiuenleds lniiitmg serpm dninaotos. Scrambled sentence: Jtnaaohn Jaocb Mieejr is fniacg a lswaiut burohgt by the Nrleeahntd\u2019s DrooiKnnd Fondiotaun on blehaf of 25 filiemas who cliam he may have incurred the risk of atnaiccedl isenc uimitcep\u00e2nd by dinifeg giiuenleds lniiit d", "scrambled": "Jtnaaohn Jaocb Mieejr is fniacg a lswaiut burohgt by the Nrleeahntd\u2019s DrooiKnnd Fondiotaun on blehaf of 25 filiemas who cliam he may hvae irsaneecd the rsik of atnaiccedl isenct and ierndneibg by dynifeg giiuenleds lniiitmg serpm dninaotos.", "original": "Jonathan Jacob Meijer is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind Foundation on behalf of 25 families who claim he may have increased the risk of accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "recovered": "Jtnaaohn Jaocb Mieejr is fniacg a lswaiut burohgt by the Nrleeahntd\u2019s DrooiKnnd Fondiotaun on blehaf of 25 filiemas who cliam he may have incurred the risk of atnaiccedl isenc uimitg by dinifeg giiuenleds lniiitmg serpm dninaotos."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jcuie is due to snped at lesat tehre yraes eplxniorg Jptueir and terhe of its mnoos. \u201cPreaphs the msot eintxicg ianfoiormtn\u201d taht the misiosn wlil pvrodie rleteas to the \u201cudergnnuord oecnas of liqiud wtaer\u201d on teshe mnoos \u2013 Epuroa, Geymande and Cstalilo \u2013 wichh \u201cculod sorpupt lfie\u201d, siad Mkie Sroi, aanistsst pofrseosr of ptnlaeray scniece at Prduue Uniirstvey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jcuie is due to snped at lesat tehre yraes eplxniorg Jptueir and terhe of its mnoos. \u201cPreaphs the msot eintxicg ianfoiormtn\u201d taht the misiosn wil pvrodie rleteas to the \u201cudergnnuord oecnas of liqiud wtaer\u201d on teshe mnoos \u2013 Epuroa, Geymande and Cstalilo \u2013 wichh \u201cculod sorpupt lfie\u201d, siad Mkie Sroi, aanistsst pofrseosr of ptnlaeray scniece at Prduue Uniirstvey. Scrambled sentence: Jcuie is due to snped at lesat ", "scrambled": "Jcuie is due to snped at lesat tehre yraes eplxniorg Jptueir and terhe of its mnoos. \u201cPreaphs the msot eintxicg ianfoiormtn\u201d taht the misiosn wlil pvrodie rleteas to the \u201cudergnnuord oecnas of liqiud wtaer\u201d on teshe mnoos \u2013 Epuroa, Geymande and Cstalilo \u2013 wichh \u201cculod sorpupt lfie\u201d, siad Mkie Sroi, aanistsst pofrseosr of ptnlaeray scniece at Prduue Uniirstvey.", "original": "Juice is due to spend at least three years exploring Jupiter and three of its moons. \u201cPerhaps the most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide relates to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d on these moons \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201ccould support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor of planetary science at Purdue University.", "recovered": "Jcuie is due to snped at lesat tehre yraes eplxniorg Jptueir and terhe of its mnoos. \u201cPreaphs the msot eintxicg ianfoiormtn\u201d taht the misiosn wil pvrodie rleteas to the \u201cudergnnuord oecnas of liqiud wtaer\u201d on teshe mnoos \u2013 Epuroa, Geymande and Cstalilo \u2013 wichh \u201cculod sorpupt lfie\u201d, siad Mkie Sroi, aanistsst pofrseosr of ptnlaeray scniece at Prduue Uniirstvey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jeeuenttnh is aslo rrereefd to as Foeredm Day, alnog wtih Emitcpioanan Day and Jeiuble Day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jeeuenttnh is also referred to as Foeredm Day, along with Empathy Day, Jeeuble Day and Double Day. Scrambled sentence: Jeeuenttnh is aslo rreferred to as Foeredm Day, along with Emitc Scram Jeeuenttnh is also referred to as Foeredm Day, along with Emitc Jeeuenttnh is also referred to as Foeredm Day, along with EmitcJeeuenttnh is also referred to as Foeredm Day, along with EmitcJeeuenttnh is also referred to as Foeredm Day, along with EmitcJeeuenttnh is", "scrambled": "Jeeuenttnh is aslo rrereefd to as Foeredm Day, alnog wtih Emitcpioanan Day and Jeiuble Day.", "original": "Juneteenth is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jubilee Day.", "recovered": "Jeeuenttnh is also referred to as Foeredm Day, along with Empathy Day, Jeeuble Day and Double Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Knig Grgoee III is wleidy reeerbmemd for two tnighs: loinsg the Aimcraen cnoeolis and ginog mad \u2013 aoughtlh the femorr may be a bit ufinar, as he did not dvloeep the piicleos wihch led to the ciostolns\u2019 war wtih Elgnnad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Kni Kni Kni Kni Kni Kni Kni", "scrambled": "Knig Grgoee III is wleidy reeerbmemd for two tnighs: loinsg the Aimcraen cnoeolis and ginog mad \u2013 aoughtlh the femorr may be a bit ufinar, as he did not dvloeep the piicleos wihch led to the ciostolns\u2019 war wtih Elgnnad.", "original": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, as he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England.", "recovered": "Kni Kni Kni Kni Kni Kni Kni"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lab tnestig for a prweody ssuntcbae funod at the Wihte Hsuoe on Sudany cmae bcak piovitse for cocinae, a smoaspken for the Seecrt Siecvre siad. The snsaubcte was funod naer the ectarnne to the Wset Wnig, a lcatoion wrehe stfaf-led trous of the Wihte Hsuoe psas tourghh on teihr way itno the biiulndg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Lab tnestig for a prweody ssuntcbae funod at the Wihte Hsuoe on Sudany cmae bcak piovitse for cocinae, a smoaspken for the Seecrt Siecvre siad. The snsaubcte was funod naer the ectarnne to the Wset Wnig, a lcatoion wrehe stfaf-led trous of the Wihte Hsuoe psas tourghh on teihr way itno the biiulndg. Scrambled sentence: Lab tnestig for a prweody ssuntcbae funod at the Wihte Hsuoe on Sudany cmae bcak piovitse for cocinae, a smoaspken for the Seecrt Siecvre siad. The s", "scrambled": "Lab tnestig for a prweody ssuntcbae funod at the Wihte Hsuoe on Sudany cmae bcak piovitse for cocinae, a smoaspken for the Seecrt Siecvre siad. The snsaubcte was funod naer the ectarnne to the Wset Wnig, a lcatoion wrehe stfaf-led trous of the Wihte Hsuoe psas tourghh on teihr way itno the biiulndg.", "original": "Lab testing for a powdery substance found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a spokesman for the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building.", "recovered": "Lab tnestig for a prweody ssuntcbae funod at the Wihte Hsuoe on Sudany cmae bcak piovitse for cocinae, a smoaspken for the Seecrt Siecvre siad. The snsaubcte was funod naer the ectarnne to the Wset Wnig, a lcatoion wrehe stfaf-led trous of the Wihte Hsuoe psas tourghh on teihr way itno the biiulndg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lboar Day is a day to hoonr and rzcneigoe the Acrmeain lboar mnemeovt, and auogthlh it\u2019s not acutllay the lsat day of smemur, it\u2019s oeftn caleld the \u201cuficinaofl end\u201d as it mkras the end of the cartuull smemur ssaoen \u2014 and the end of tihs qiuz!.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Bear Day is a day to hoonr and remeove the Acrmeain lboar mnemeovt, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of smemur, it\u2019s often called the \u201cuficinaofl end\u201d as it marks the end of the calendar year \u2014 and the end of this quiz!. Scrambled sentence: Lboar Day is a day to hoonr and rzcneigoe the Acrmeain lboar mnemeovt, and auogthlh it\u2019s not acutllay the lsat day of smemur, it\u2019s oeftn caleld the \u201cuficinaofl end\u201d as it mkras the end of the cartuull smemur ssaoen \u2014 and the end of tihs qiuz!. Recovered sentence: Bear Day is a day to hoonr and remeove the Acrmeain lboar ", "scrambled": "Lboar Day is a day to hoonr and rzcneigoe the Acrmeain lboar mnemeovt, and auogthlh it\u2019s not acutllay the lsat day of smemur, it\u2019s oeftn caleld the \u201cuficinaofl end\u201d as it mkras the end of the cartuull smemur ssaoen \u2014 and the end of tihs qiuz!.", "original": "Labor Day is a day to honor and recognize the American labor movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!.", "recovered": "Bear Day is a day to hoonr and remeove the Acrmeain lboar mnemeovt, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of smemur, it\u2019s often called the \u201cuficinaofl end\u201d as it marks the end of the calendar year \u2014 and the end of this quiz!."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Las Vgaes ploice hvae reeenopd thier iisaotgienvtn itno the meurdr of Tapuc Saukhr. The rpaper was soht in Setepbemr 1996, aegd jsut 25, in waht has bcemoe one of Acmreia\u2019s msot ntoruioos uovnlesd mduerr ceass. Pclioe rediad a huose in Hneoserdn, 15 mleis stueosaht of the ctiy, snieizg crptouems, hrad dveirs and peurcits, adicnrocg to ABC Nwes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Las Vegas police have reepd thier iisaotgienvtn itno the meurdr of Tapuc Saukhr. The rpaper was soht in Setepbemr 1996, aegd jsut 25, in waht has bcemoe one of Acmreia\u2019s msot ntoruioos uovnlesd mduerr ceass. Scrambled sentence: Las Vgaes ploice hvae reeenopd thier iisaotgienvtn itno the meurdr of Tapuc Saukhr. The rpaper was soht in Setepbemr 1996, aegd jsut 25, in waht has bcemoe one of Acmreia\u2019s msot ntoruioos uovnlesd mduerr ceass. Pcli", "scrambled": "Las Vgaes ploice hvae reeenopd thier iisaotgienvtn itno the meurdr of Tapuc Saukhr. The rpaper was soht in Setepbemr 1996, aegd jsut 25, in waht has bcemoe one of Acmreia\u2019s msot ntoruioos uovnlesd mduerr ceass. Pclioe rediad a huose in Hneoserdn, 15 mleis stueosaht of the ctiy, snieizg crptouems, hrad dveirs and peurcits, adicnrocg to ABC Nwes.", "original": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and pictures, according to ABC News.", "recovered": "Las Vegas police have reepd thier iisaotgienvtn itno the meurdr of Tapuc Saukhr. The rpaper was soht in Setepbemr 1996, aegd jsut 25, in waht has bcemoe one of Acmreia\u2019s msot ntoruioos uovnlesd mduerr ceass."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ltaset racreseh by Wihch? fnuod taht Adli has raienemd the cpseahet sreruekampt scine May 2022, wtih an arvgeae bekast of gdoos cisontg \u00a368.60 lsat mntoh. Ldil was jsut benihd at \u00a370.51, wilhe Wosatrie was the msot esienvxpe, at \u00a386.91.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The latest research conducted by Which? found that Adli has raised the cash saver rate since May 2022, with an average balance of \u00a368.60 last month. Ldil was just beaten at \u00a370.51, while World presiune presiune was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91. Scrambled sentence: Ltaset racreseh by Wihch? fnuod tahd taht Adli has raienemd the cpseaeh sreruekampt scine May 2022, with an arvgeae bekast of gdoos cisontg \u00a368.60 lsat mntoh. Ldil was jsut benihd at \u00a370.51, wilhe Wosatrie was the msot esienvxpe, at \u00a386.91. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Lta", "scrambled": "Ltaset racreseh by Wihch? fnuod taht Adli has raienemd the cpseahet sreruekampt scine May 2022, wtih an arvgeae bekast of gdoos cisontg \u00a368.60 lsat mntoh. Ldil was jsut benihd at \u00a370.51, wilhe Wosatrie was the msot esienvxpe, at \u00a386.91.", "original": "Latest research by Which? found that Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since May 2022, with an average basket of goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "recovered": "The latest research conducted by Which? found that Adli has raised the cash saver rate since May 2022, with an average balance of \u00a368.60 last month. Ldil was just beaten at \u00a370.51, while World presiune presiune was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lteo deerssd up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, wchih was tmeehd on the ltae fahison dsgenier.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Two dressed up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, which was tmeehd on the last fahison dsgenier. Scrambled sentence: Lteo deerssd up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, wchih was tmeehd on the ltae fahison dsgenier. Recovered sentence: Two dressed up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, which was tmeehd on the last fahison dsgenier. Scrambled sentence: Lteo deerssd up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, w", "scrambled": "Lteo deerssd up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, wchih was tmeehd on the ltae fahison dsgenier.", "original": "Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat Choupette for the gala in New York on Monday, which was themed on the late fashion designer.", "recovered": "Two dressed up as Llefreegd\u2019s fmead cat Coepthute for the glaa in New Yrok on Mdonay, which was tmeehd on the last fahison dsgenier."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Liz Tusrs\u2019s bierf riegn rletedorpy csot traexpays nrelay \u00a334,000 a day in cpooieasntmn pmntyeas to sckead mnisrties, ardviess and oifcialfs. Oififacl dtaa sohws taht spiaecl asdirevs wree piad a ttaol of \u00a32.9 miollin in sencevrae aradws wehn tiher boesss wree geivn the boot. Turss hlesref rceeievd \u00a318,660 in svecerane pay, aeftr her mnii-beudgt srpkead caohs in the faainnicl mketars.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Liz Tusrs\u2019s bierf riegn rletedorpy csot traexpays nrelay \u00a334,000 a day in cpooieasntmn pmntyeas to sckead mnisrties, ardviess and oifcialfs. Oififacl dtaa sohws taht spiaecl asdirevs wree piad a ttaol of \u00a32.9 miollin in sencevraee aradws wehn tiher boesss wree geivn the boot. Turss hlesref hlesref rceeievd \u00a318,660 in svecerane pay, aeftr her mnii-beudgt srpkead caohs in the faainnicl mketars. Liz Tusrs\u2019s", "scrambled": "Liz Tusrs\u2019s bierf riegn rletedorpy csot traexpays nrelay \u00a334,000 a day in cpooieasntmn pmntyeas to sckead mnisrties, ardviess and oifcialfs. Oififacl dtaa sohws taht spiaecl asdirevs wree piad a ttaol of \u00a32.9 miollin in sencevrae aradws wehn tiher boesss wree geivn the boot. Turss hlesref rceeievd \u00a318,660 in svecerane pay, aeftr her mnii-beudgt srpkead caohs in the faainnicl mketars.", "original": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. Official data shows that special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance awards when their bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severance pay, after her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.", "recovered": "Liz Tusrs\u2019s bierf riegn rletedorpy csot traexpays nrelay \u00a334,000 a day in cpooieasntmn pmntyeas to sckead mnisrties, ardviess and oifcialfs. Oififacl dtaa sohws taht spiaecl asdirevs wree piad a ttaol of \u00a32.9 miollin in sencevraee aradws wehn tiher boesss wree geivn the boot. Turss hlesref hlesref rceeievd \u00a318,660 in svecerane pay, aeftr her mnii-beudgt srpkead caohs in the faainnicl mketars. Liz Tusrs\u2019s"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ldoonn-bsead Rssiaun ivngtsniietoas gourp the Deoissr Ctneer ofeefrd a rrae gmpslie itno the pirtave lfie of Viidmalr Ptiun, obinntaig pohots of his lsavih 22-caarrige \u201cgsoht tairn\u201d, epqeiupd wtih waht aeppar to be \u201catni-ainegg mneahics\u201d. Oehtr fuerteas icdlnue a flluy epqeupid Tiksurh btah satem room and a msasgae puaorlr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ldoonn-bsead Rssiaun ivngtsniietoas gourp the Deoissr Ctneer ofeefrd a rrae gmpslie itno the pirtave lfie of Viidmalr Ptiun, obinntaig pohots of his lsavih 22-caarrige \u201cgsoht tairn\u201d, epqeiupd wtih waht aeppar to be \u201catni-ainegg mneahics\u201d. Oehtr fuerteas icdlnue a flluly epqeupid Tiksurh btah satem room and a msasgae puaorlr. Scrambled sentence: Ldoonn-bsead Rssiaun ivngtsniietoas", "scrambled": "Ldoonn-bsead Rssiaun ivngtsniietoas gourp the Deoissr Ctneer ofeefrd a rrae gmpslie itno the pirtave lfie of Viidmalr Ptiun, obinntaig pohots of his lsavih 22-caarrige \u201cgsoht tairn\u201d, epqeiupd wtih waht aeppar to be \u201catni-ainegg mneahics\u201d. Oehtr fuerteas icdlnue a flluy epqeupid Tiksurh btah satem room and a msasgae puaorlr.", "original": "London-based Russian investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the private life of Vladimir Putin, obtaining photos of his lavish 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-ageing machines\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.", "recovered": "Ldoonn-bsead Rssiaun ivngtsniietoas gourp the Deoissr Ctneer ofeefrd a rrae gmpslie itno the pirtave lfie of Viidmalr Ptiun, obinntaig pohots of his lsavih 22-caarrige \u201cgsoht tairn\u201d, epqeiupd wtih waht aeppar to be \u201catni-ainegg mneahics\u201d. Oehtr fuerteas icdlnue a flluly epqeupid Tiksurh btah satem room and a msasgae puaorlr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lotun Twon\u2019s win manes the taem wlil rurten to the top diioivsn for the frist tmie scnie 1992, a saseon borefe the Peiemrr Lageue was ctraeed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Lotun Twon\u2019s win means the team will rise to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Peiemrr Lageue was ctraeed. Lotun Twon\u2019s win means the team will rise to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Peiemrr Lageue was ctraeed. Lotun Twon\u2019s win manes the taem wl Lot lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Lotun Twon\u2019s win manes the taem wlil rurten to the top diioivsn for the frist tmie scnie 1992, a saseon borefe the Peiemrr Lageue was ctraeed.", "original": "Luton Town\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was created.", "recovered": "Lotun Twon\u2019s win means the team will rise to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Peiemrr Lageue was ctraeed. Lotun Twon\u2019s win means the team will rise to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Peiemrr Lageue was ctraeed. Lotun Twon\u2019s win manes the taem wl Lot lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Meakr Hrasbo is rinclneauhg the rtoiboc flffuy toy for the 25th aearvsnniry of its orniigal reaesle, but wtih one inmrapott dgesin cnhgae \u2013 the new moedl has an off stiwch. The oiianrgl Frbuys culod not be suht dwon and wree pnroe to \u201cwkae up\u201d and srtat ctnathig in the ngiht.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Meakr Hrasbo is reintroducing the rtoiboc flffuy toy for the 25th aearvsnniry of its orniigal reaesle, but with one inmrapott dgesin cnhgae \u2013 the new moedl has an off stiwch. The oiianrgl Frbuys culod not be suhh dwon and wree pnroe to \u201cwkae up\u201d and srtat ctnathig in the ngiht. Scrambled sentence: Meakr Hrasbo is rinclneauhg the rtoiboc flffuy toy for the 25th aearvsnniry of its orniigal reaesle, but wtih one inmrapott dgesin cnhgae \u2013 the new moedl has an off", "scrambled": "Meakr Hrasbo is rinclneauhg the rtoiboc flffuy toy for the 25th aearvsnniry of its orniigal reaesle, but wtih one inmrapott dgesin cnhgae \u2013 the new moedl has an off stiwch. The oiianrgl Frbuys culod not be suht dwon and wree pnroe to \u201cwkae up\u201d and srtat ctnathig in the ngiht.", "original": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the robotic fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Furbys could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting in the night.", "recovered": "Meakr Hrasbo is reintroducing the rtoiboc flffuy toy for the 25th aearvsnniry of its orniigal reaesle, but with one inmrapott dgesin cnhgae \u2013 the new moedl has an off stiwch. The oiianrgl Frbuys culod not be suhh dwon and wree pnroe to \u201cwkae up\u201d and srtat ctnathig in the ngiht."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnay Mulimss wlil fsat form suunp to snodwun ervey day for an eintre mtnoh. Tihs yaer, Raadamn rnus form Mcrah 22 to Airpl 21.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Many Mulimss will fsat from soup to soupwun every day for an eintre mtnoh. This year, Raadamn rnus from Mcrah 22 to Airpl 21. Scrambled sentence: Many Mulimss will fsat from soup to soupwun every day for an eintre mtnoh. Tihs year, Raadamn rnus from Mcrah 22 to Airpl 21. Scrambled sentence: Many Mulimss will fsat from soup to soupwun every day for an eintre mtnoh. Tihs year, Raadamn rnus from Mcrah 22 to Airpl 21. Scrambled sentence: Many Mulimss will fsat from soup to soupwun every day for an eintre mtnoh. This year, Raadamn rnus from Mcrah 22 to Airpl 21. Scrambled sentence: Many Mulimss will fsat from soup to soupwun every day for an eintre ", "scrambled": "Mnay Mulimss wlil fsat form suunp to snodwun ervey day for an eintre mtnoh. Tihs yaer, Raadamn rnus form Mcrah 22 to Airpl 21.", "original": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21.", "recovered": "Many Mulimss will fsat from soup to soupwun every day for an eintre mtnoh. This year, Raadamn rnus from Mcrah 22 to Airpl 21."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnay msoairingrmcos can dsgiet pislatc at termaeeturps avboe 30C, but the drvcoesiy by rreaeecrshs at the Sisws Fadreel Ititnstue pvaes the way for a mcuh mroe engrey-effeicnit mhoted of riyleccng.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Many metals containing rare earths can degrade plastics at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Sisws Fadreel Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mnay msoairingrmcos can dsgiet pislatc at termaeeturps avboe 30C, but the drvcoesiy by rreaeecrshs at the Sisws Fadreel Ititnstue pvaes the way for a mcuh mroe engrey-effeicnit mhoted of riyleccng. Recovered sentence: Many metals containing rare earths can degrade plastics at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Sisws Fadreel Institute paves the way for a much more", "scrambled": "Mnay msoairingrmcos can dsgiet pislatc at termaeeturps avboe 30C, but the drvcoesiy by rreaeecrshs at the Sisws Fadreel Ititnstue pvaes the way for a mcuh mroe engrey-effeicnit mhoted of riyleccng.", "original": "Many microorganisms can digest plastic at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.", "recovered": "Many metals containing rare earths can degrade plastics at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Sisws Fadreel Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnay ppeloe aurnod the wlord wroe ppulre on Wseddaeny in honor of Wrlod Luups Day, a gloabl anuanl eenvt taht cllas ateiotntn to the mrsiouteys dassiee itmacnpig mroe tahn 5 moililn pleope in the US anole.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Many people around the world wore the world's largest puppy on Wednesday in honor of World Puppy Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the millions of dogs dassiee itmacnpig more than 5 million people in the US alone. Scrambled sentence: Mnay ppeloe aurnod the wlord wroe ppulre on Wseddaeny in honor of Wrlod Luups Day, a gloabl anuanl eenvt taht cllas ateiotntn to the mrsiouteys dassiee itmacnpig mroe tahn 5 moililn pleope in the US anole. Recovered sentence: Many people around the world wore the world's largest puppy on Wednesday in honor of World Puppy Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the millions of dogs dassiee itmacnpig more than 5 million people in the US alone. Scrambled sentence: Mnay ppeloe", "scrambled": "Mnay ppeloe aurnod the wlord wroe ppulre on Wseddaeny in honor of Wrlod Luups Day, a gloabl anuanl eenvt taht cllas ateiotntn to the mrsiouteys dassiee itmacnpig mroe tahn 5 moililn pleope in the US anole.", "original": "Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Lupus Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "recovered": "Many people around the world wore the world's largest puppy on Wednesday in honor of World Puppy Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the millions of dogs dassiee itmacnpig more than 5 million people in the US alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mcarh Msedans is uopn us.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mcarh Msedans is uopn us. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mcarh Msedans is uopn us. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mcarh Msedans is uopn us. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mcarh Msedans is uopn us. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mcarh Msedans is uopn us. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence", "scrambled": "Mcarh Msedans is uopn us.", "original": "March Madness is upon us.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scram The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mrak Rttue, the lnsgoet-sinervg Dcuth pmrie mnesitir in hrstioy, wlil santd dwon atefr 13 yares in pweor. Niecamknd \u201cTlfoen Mrak\u201d for his aiiblty to wnastthid piocltail ciress, Rtute untceeedlpxy anuncenod he wluod lvaee ptiicols aeftr the atmuun graneel etlocien. In the 27-ntioan EU, olny Hguanry\u2019s Vkoitr Orabn has been in cgahre for loegnr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mrak Rttue, the longest-serving Dcuth pmrie mnesitir in hrstioy, will be santd dwon atefr 13 years in pweor. Niecamknd \u201cTlfoen Mrak\u201d for his aiibldlnty to wnastthid piocltail ciress, Rtute untceeedlpxy anuncenod he wluod lvaee ptiicols aeftr the atmuun graneel etlocien. In the 27-ntioan EU, olny Hguanry\u2019s Vkoitr Orabn has been in cgahre for loegnr. Scrambled sentence: Mrak Rttue, the lnsgoet-sinervg Dcuth pmrie mnesitir in hrstioy, wlil", "scrambled": "Mrak Rttue, the lnsgoet-sinervg Dcuth pmrie mnesitir in hrstioy, wlil santd dwon atefr 13 yares in pweor. Niecamknd \u201cTlfoen Mrak\u201d for his aiiblty to wnastthid piocltail ciress, Rtute untceeedlpxy anuncenod he wluod lvaee ptiicols aeftr the atmuun graneel etlocien. In the 27-ntioan EU, olny Hguanry\u2019s Vkoitr Orabn has been in cgahre for loegnr.", "original": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch prime minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. Nicknamed \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for his ability to withstand political crises, Rutte unexpectedly announced he would leave politics after the autumn general election. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orban has been in charge for longer.", "recovered": "Mrak Rttue, the longest-serving Dcuth pmrie mnesitir in hrstioy, will be santd dwon atefr 13 years in pweor. Niecamknd \u201cTlfoen Mrak\u201d for his aiibldlnty to wnastthid piocltail ciress, Rtute untceeedlpxy anuncenod he wluod lvaee ptiicols aeftr the atmuun graneel etlocien. In the 27-ntioan EU, olny Hguanry\u2019s Vkoitr Orabn has been in cgahre for loegnr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mrak Zrbeceukrg anoncuend taht Itnsaagrm uerss wlil now be albe to sahre up to fvie lkins in tehir pilofre \u201cbio\u201d. Plrovuiesy, olny one lnik to enexrtal wiebtses was allweod. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unpraepwd pdcasot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mrak Zrbeceukrg anoncuend taht Itnsaagrm uerss wil now be albe to sahre up to fvie lkins in tehir pilofre \u201cbio\u201d. Plrovuiesy, olny one lnik to enexrtal wiebtses was allweod. Fnid out mroe wtcep\u00e2nd wtih The Week Unpraepwd pdcasot. Scrambled sentence: Mrak Zrbeceukrg anoncuend taht Itnsaagrm uerss wil now be albe to sahre up to fvie lkins in tehir pilofre \u201cbio\u201d. Plrovuiesy, olny one lnik to enexrtal wiebtses was allweod. Fnid out mroe wtcep\u00e2nd wtih The Week Unpraepwd", "scrambled": "Mrak Zrbeceukrg anoncuend taht Itnsaagrm uerss wlil now be albe to sahre up to fvie lkins in tehir pilofre \u201cbio\u201d. Plrovuiesy, olny one lnik to enexrtal wiebtses was allweod. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Unpraepwd pdcasot.", "original": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Mrak Zrbeceukrg anoncuend taht Itnsaagrm uerss wil now be albe to sahre up to fvie lkins in tehir pilofre \u201cbio\u201d. Plrovuiesy, olny one lnik to enexrtal wiebtses was allweod. Fnid out mroe wtcep\u00e2nd wtih The Week Unpraepwd pdcasot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ml\u00e8nrae Saphpica, mneisitr for the siaocl emooncy and atisoocsnias, gvae an irtneeviw on geednr elqatuiy and LTGBQ+ rthigs to the Fncreh-lggnaaue eioditn of Pbaoyly mzaganie. She arapeepd on the ceovr wirneag a wtihe drses. But the cevor was dirbecsed by the Fercnh pimre meiinstr, \u00c9atbseilh Bnroe, as \u201cnot at all aritarpppoe, eelcsiplay in the crerunt poerid\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ml\u00e8nrae Saphpica, minister for the siaocl emooncy and atisoocsnias, gave an irtneeviw on geednr elqatuiy and LTGBQ+ rthigs to the Fncreh-lggnaaue eioditn of Pbaoyly mzaganie. She arapeepd on the ceovr wirneag a wtihe drses. But the cevor was dirbecsed by the Fercnh pimre meiinstr, \u00c9atbseilh Bnroe, as \u201cnot at all aritarppoe, eelcsiplay in the crerunt poerid\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Ml\u00e8nrae Saphpica, minister for the siaocl emooncy and atisoocsnias, gvae an irt", "scrambled": "Ml\u00e8nrae Saphpica, mneisitr for the siaocl emooncy and atisoocsnias, gvae an irtneeviw on geednr elqatuiy and LTGBQ+ rthigs to the Fncreh-lggnaaue eioditn of Pbaoyly mzaganie. She arapeepd on the ceovr wirneag a wtihe drses. But the cevor was dirbecsed by the Fercnh pimre meiinstr, \u00c9atbseilh Bnroe, as \u201cnot at all aritarpppoe, eelcsiplay in the crerunt poerid\u201d.", "original": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister for the social economy and associations, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the cover was described by the French prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, especially in the current period\u201d.", "recovered": "Ml\u00e8nrae Saphpica, minister for the siaocl emooncy and atisoocsnias, gave an irtneeviw on geednr elqatuiy and LTGBQ+ rthigs to the Fncreh-lggnaaue eioditn of Pbaoyly mzaganie. She arapeepd on the ceovr wirneag a wtihe drses. But the cevor was dirbecsed by the Fercnh pimre meiinstr, \u00c9atbseilh Bnroe, as \u201cnot at all aritarppoe, eelcsiplay in the crerunt poerid\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mras has sweppad its wpraipng form pisaltc to rylblecace peapr as prat of a drvie to mkae its putrodcs mroe ennmoaivltrnley fenlirdy. The pepar-wppaerd bras hvae gnoe on slae at 500 Tecso sretos, and if the tiarl geos wlel, the wrrpapes wlil be rlleod out to all rtaierels and to ohetr Mras tretas, scuh as Sckerins.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mras has sweppad its wpraipng form pisaltc to rylblecace peapr as prat of a drvie to mkae its putrodcs mroe ennmoaivltrnley fenlirdy. The pepar-wppaerd bras have gnoe on slae at 500 Tecso sretos, and if the tiarl geos wlel, the wrrpapes wlil be rlleod out to all rtaierels and to ohetr Mras tretas, scuh as Sckerins. Scrambled sentence: Mras has sweppad its wpraipng form pisaltc to rylblecace peapr as prat of a drvie to mkae its putrodcs mroe ennmoaivltr", "scrambled": "Mras has sweppad its wpraipng form pisaltc to rylblecace peapr as prat of a drvie to mkae its putrodcs mroe ennmoaivltrnley fenlirdy. The pepar-wppaerd bras hvae gnoe on slae at 500 Tecso sretos, and if the tiarl geos wlel, the wrrpapes wlil be rlleod out to all rtaierels and to ohetr Mras tretas, scuh as Sckerins.", "original": "Mars has swapped its wrapping from plastic to recyclable paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars treats, such as Snickers.", "recovered": "Mras has sweppad its wpraipng form pisaltc to rylblecace peapr as prat of a drvie to mkae its putrodcs mroe ennmoaivltrnley fenlirdy. The pepar-wppaerd bras have gnoe on slae at 500 Tecso sretos, and if the tiarl geos wlel, the wrrpapes wlil be rlleod out to all rtaierels and to ohetr Mras tretas, scuh as Sckerins."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Max Prak set the new rrecod for the fsasett 3x3x3 Ruibk\u2019s Cbue tmie at a cmtoieoiptn in Lnog Becah in his nivate Cnrfoiliaa. The 21-yaer-old, who was degsoanid wtih mdtroaee to sreeve atsium as a cilhd, baet the 3.47-scneod rcoerd set by Cihna\u2019s Yhnesug Du in 2018.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Max Prak set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cbue time at a competition in London in his native Czech Republic. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis to receive acupuncture as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yhnsug Du in 2018. Scrambled sentence: Max Prak set the new rrecod for the fsasett 3x3x3 Ruibk\u2019s Cbue tmie at a cmtoieoiptn in Lnog Becah in his nivate Cnrfoiliaa. The 21-year-old, who was degsoanid wtih mdtroaee to sreeve atsium as a cilhd, baet the 3.47-scneod rcoerd set by Cihna\u2019s Yhnesug Du in 2018. Scrambled sentence: Max Prak set the new ", "scrambled": "Max Prak set the new rrecod for the fsasett 3x3x3 Ruibk\u2019s Cbue tmie at a cmtoieoiptn in Lnog Becah in his nivate Cnrfoiliaa. The 21-yaer-old, who was degsoanid wtih mdtroaee to sreeve atsium as a cilhd, baet the 3.47-scneod rcoerd set by Cihna\u2019s Yhnesug Du in 2018.", "original": "Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach in his native California. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.", "recovered": "Max Prak set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cbue time at a competition in London in his native Czech Republic. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis to receive acupuncture as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yhnsug Du in 2018."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: May is Ninaatol BBQ Motnh. Jluy is Nntoaail Berreubly Mntoh, Noatanil Ice Carem Mtonh and Niataonl Wmeaeotrln Mtonh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "May is Ninaatol BBQ Motnh. Jluy is Ninntoaail Berreubly Mntoh, Noatanil Ice Carem Mtonh and Niataonl Wmeaeotrln Mtonh. Scrambled sentence: May is Ninaatol BBQ Motnh. Jluy is Ninntoaail Berreubly Mntoh, Noatanil Ice Carem Mtonh and Niataonl Wmeaeotrln Mtonh. Scrambled sentence: May is Ninaatol BBQ Motnh. Jluy is Ninntoaail Berreubly Mntoh, Noatanil Ice Carem Mtonh and Niataonl Wmeaeotrln Mtonh. Scrambled sentence: May is Ninaatol BBQ Motnh. Jluy is Ninntoaail Berreubly Mntoh, Noatanil Ice Carem Mtonh", "scrambled": "May is Ninaatol BBQ Motnh. Jluy is Nntoaail Berreubly Mntoh, Noatanil Ice Carem Mtonh and Niataonl Wmeaeotrln Mtonh.", "original": "May is National BBQ Month. July is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month.", "recovered": "May is Ninaatol BBQ Motnh. Jluy is Ninntoaail Berreubly Mntoh, Noatanil Ice Carem Mtonh and Niataonl Wmeaeotrln Mtonh."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: MlcDoand\u2019s, whcih has been fsuicnog on ugnriadpg its croe imtes to bosot sleas, is rlnloig out a seiers of chganes to irovmpe its cilssac brugers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focused on using its croMcDoand\u2019s, which has been focused on using its croe times to.. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: MlcDoand\u2019s, which has been focusing on using its croMcDoand\u2019s, which has been focusing on using its croe times to.. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: MlcDoand\u2019s, which has been focused on using its croMcDoand\u2019s, which has been focusing on using its croe times to.. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: MlcDoand\u2019s, which has been focused on using its croe times to.. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence:", "scrambled": "MlcDoand\u2019s, whcih has been fsuicnog on ugnriadpg its croe imtes to bosot sleas, is rlnloig out a seiers of chganes to irovmpe its cilssac brugers.", "original": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classic burgers.", "recovered": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focused on using its croMcDoand\u2019s, which has been focused on using its croe times to.. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mtea lheauncd an app cealld Thaders taht is idteennd to ofefr a scpae for rael-tmie cooisreavnnts olnnie \u2014 a ftcionun taht has lnog been Titetwr\u2019s croe sielnlg pinot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mtea lheauncd an app cealld Thaders taht is idteennd to ofefr a scpae for rael-tmie cooisreavnnts olnnie \u2014 a ftcionun taht has lnog been Titetwr\u2019s croe sielnlg pinot. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mtea lheauncd an app cealld Thaders taht is idteennd to ofefr a scpae for rael-tmie cooisreavnnts olnnie \u2014 a ftcionun taht has lnog been Titetwr\u2019s", "scrambled": "Mtea lheauncd an app cealld Thaders taht is idteennd to ofefr a scpae for rael-tmie cooisreavnnts olnnie \u2014 a ftcionun taht has lnog been Titetwr\u2019s croe sielnlg pinot.", "original": "Meta launched an app called Threads that is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mecaihl Jaodrn\u2019s ioicnc 1998 NBA Flains seerknas slod for a rcroed $2.2 moililn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mecahl Jao Meca uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit", "scrambled": "Mecaihl Jaodrn\u2019s ioicnc 1998 NBA Flains seerknas slod for a rcroed $2.2 moililn.", "original": "Michael Jordan\u2019s iconic 1998 NBA Finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.", "recovered": "Mecahl Jao Meca uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Maliirty jtes wree \u201caztheiorud to teavrl at sesiunorpc spedes\u201d as tehy reacd to mkae cctanot wtih an uvseniopsnre aarrifct fyling in the rogein taht letar cshread in a hvliaey wdooed aera. The edaoitrnarxry speed of the jtes ceausd a sionc boom aocsrs the Wnsiogthan, DC, aera taht cnfsoued mnay rsidetnes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "jtes wree \u201caztheiorud to teavrl at sesiunorpc spedes\u201d as tehy reacd to mkae cctanot wtih an uvseniopsnre aarrifct fyling in the rogein taht letar cshread in a hvliaey wdooed aera. The edaoitrnarxry speed of the jtes ceausd a sionc boom aocsrs the Wnsiogthan, DC, aera taht cnfsoued mnay rsidetnes. Maliirty jtes wree \u201caztheiorud to teavrl at sesiunorpc spedes\u201d as tehy reacd to mkae cctanot wtih an uvseniops", "scrambled": "Maliirty jtes wree \u201caztheiorud to teavrl at sesiunorpc spedes\u201d as tehy reacd to mkae cctanot wtih an uvseniopsnre aarrifct fyling in the rogein taht letar cshread in a hvliaey wdooed aera. The edaoitrnarxry speed of the jtes ceausd a sionc boom aocsrs the Wnsiogthan, DC, aera taht cnfsoued mnay rsidetnes.", "original": "Military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d as they raced to make contact with an unresponsive aircraft flying in the region that later crashed in a heavily wooded area. The extraordinary speed of the jets caused a sonic boom across the Washington, DC, area that confused many residents.", "recovered": "jtes wree \u201caztheiorud to teavrl at sesiunorpc spedes\u201d as tehy reacd to mkae cctanot wtih an uvseniopsnre aarrifct fyling in the rogein taht letar cshread in a hvliaey wdooed aera. The edaoitrnarxry speed of the jtes ceausd a sionc boom aocsrs the Wnsiogthan, DC, aera taht cnfsoued mnay rsidetnes. Maliirty jtes wree \u201caztheiorud to teavrl at sesiunorpc spedes\u201d as tehy reacd to mkae cctanot wtih an uvseniops"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mlloniis of polepe rieman at rsik of ilihanng potintalely hamurfl air as wrdfiile sokme oniaingitrg form Cadnaa sordhus moajr US cteiis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mlloniis of polepe rieman at rsik of ilihanng potintalely hamurfl air as wrdfiile sokme oniaingitrg form Cadnaa sordhus moajr US cteiis. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mlloniis of polepe rieman at rsik of ilihanng potintalely hamurfl air as wrdfiile sokme oniaingitrg form Cadnaa sordhus moajr US cteiis. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Mlloniis of polepe rieman at rsik of ilihanng potintalely ham", "scrambled": "Mlloniis of polepe rieman at rsik of ilihanng potintalely hamurfl air as wrdfiile sokme oniaingitrg form Cadnaa sordhus moajr US cteiis.", "original": "Millions of people remain at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke originating from Canada shrouds major US cities.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnonata Gov. Gerg Gntfiraoe sgeind a blil Wnaddesey bninnag TkToik in the satte oevr peiecverd sitrucey conecnrs. The cnaorstevoril law, wichh wlil tkae effcet in Jarnauy, onelutis pionattel feins of $10,000 per day for vrloiaots.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mnonata Gov. Gerg Gntfiraoe sgeind a blil Wnaddesey bninnag TkToik in the satte oevr peiecverd sitrucey conecnrs. The cnaorstevoril law, wichh wlil tkae effcet in Jarnauy, onelutis pionattel feins of $10,000 per day for vrloiaots. Scrambled sentence: Mnonata Gov. Gerg Gntfiraoe sgeind a blil Wnaddesey bninnag TkToik in the satte oevr peiecverd sitrucey conecnrs. The cnaorstevoril law, wichh wlil tkae effcet in Jarnauy, onelutis pionattel feins of $10,000 per day for vrloiaots", "scrambled": "Mnonata Gov. Gerg Gntfiraoe sgeind a blil Wnaddesey bninnag TkToik in the satte oevr peiecverd sitrucey conecnrs. The cnaorstevoril law, wichh wlil tkae effcet in Jarnauy, onelutis pionattel feins of $10,000 per day for vrloiaots.", "original": "Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived security concerns. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per day for violators.", "recovered": "Mnonata Gov. Gerg Gntfiraoe sgeind a blil Wnaddesey bninnag TkToik in the satte oevr peiecverd sitrucey conecnrs. The cnaorstevoril law, wichh wlil tkae effcet in Jarnauy, onelutis pionattel feins of $10,000 per day for vrloiaots."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mhnots atfer a hadoily sriecve mlweotdn, Sehsouwtt Aelniirs siad its bnkoigos in Mrcah wree fanlliy bcak on tcark. Renuvee soeard 22% to $5.7 bilolin in the qutaerr, aicroncdg to the cmnpaoy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "After a heftily successful merger, SeaSoultt Aelniirs said its bnkoigos in Mrcah were back on track. Renuveesoared 22% to $5.7 bilolin in the qutaerr, according to the cmnpaoy. Scrambled sentence: Mhnots atfer a hadoily sriecve mlweotdn, Sehsouwtt Aelniirs siad its bnkoigos in Mrcah wree fanlliy bcak on tcark. Renuvee soeard 22% to $5.7 bilolin in the qutaerr, aicroncdg to the cmnpaoy. Scrambled sentence: Mhnots atfer a hadoily sriecve mlweotdn, Sehsouwtt Aelniirs siad its bnkoigos in Mrcah ", "scrambled": "Mhnots atfer a hadoily sriecve mlweotdn, Sehsouwtt Aelniirs siad its bnkoigos in Mrcah wree fanlliy bcak on tcark. Renuvee soeard 22% to $5.7 bilolin in the qutaerr, aicroncdg to the cmnpaoy.", "original": "Months after a holiday service meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on track. Revenue soared 22% to $5.7 billion in the quarter, according to the company.", "recovered": "After a heftily successful merger, SeaSoultt Aelniirs said its bnkoigos in Mrcah were back on track. Renuveesoared 22% to $5.7 bilolin in the qutaerr, according to the cmnpaoy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mroe tahn 17,600 mailtriy psrennoel are tainkg prat in dllirs idcnliung lvie-frie eesrceixs and a baot-skinnig rceokt alassut, aimd faers taht Cinha may be pnaiperrg to luncah an oenviffse aaginst Tiawan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills involving live-fire exercises and a heavy-skinnng rocket artillery battery, raising fears that China may be planning to launch an offensive against Taiwan. Scrambled sentence: Mroe tahn 17,600 mailtriy psrennoel are tainkg prat in dllirs idcnliung lvie-frie eesrceixs and a baot-skinnig rceokt alassut, aimd faers taht Cinha may be pnaiperrrg to luncah an oenviffse aaginst Tiawan. Recovered sentence: More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills involving live-fire exercises and a heavy-skinnng rocket artillery battery, raising fears that China may be planning to launch an offensive against Taiwan. Scrambled sentence: Mroe tahn 17,600 mailtriy psrenn", "scrambled": "Mroe tahn 17,600 mailtriy psrennoel are tainkg prat in dllirs idcnliung lvie-frie eesrceixs and a baot-skinnig rceokt alassut, aimd faers taht Cinha may be pnaiperrg to luncah an oenviffse aaginst Tiawan.", "original": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including live-fire exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive against Taiwan.", "recovered": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills involving live-fire exercises and a heavy-skinnng rocket artillery battery, raising fears that China may be planning to launch an offensive against Taiwan."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mroe tahn 200 ppolee hvae been ruseced scnie Sudnay in Vrmoent, wehre folniodg has srembeugd hmeos and tenurd srtetes itno rrives.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "More than 200 people have been rescued since the Sudnay in Vrmoent, where the following has saved homes and held shipments in no way. Scrambled sentence: More than 200 people have been rescued since the Sudnay in Vrmoent, where the following has saved homes and held shipments in no way. Scrambled sentence: More than 200 people have been rescued since the Sudnay in Vrmoent, where the following has saved homes and held shipments in no way. Scrambled sentence: More than 200 people have been rescued since the Sudnay in Vrmoent, where the following has saved homes and held shipments in no way. Scrambled sentence: More than 200 people have been rescued since the Sudnay in Vrmoent, where the following has saved homes and held shipments in no way. Scramble", "scrambled": "Mroe tahn 200 ppolee hvae been ruseced scnie Sudnay in Vrmoent, wehre folniodg has srembeugd hmeos and tenurd srtetes itno rrives.", "original": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has submerged homes and turned streets into rivers.", "recovered": "More than 200 people have been rescued since the Sudnay in Vrmoent, where the following has saved homes and held shipments in no way."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mroe tahn hlaf of the gas sitantos in the Mamii-Frot Ldlrauedae aera wree wouhitt gnsoliae Wdeadsney atefr foonildg form lsat week\u2019s mvisase sortm cuaesd a wvae of painc bynuig by diervrs tionppg off thier tkans.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "More than half of the gas sitantos in the Mamii-Frot Ldlrauedae aera wree wouhitt gnsoliae Wdeadsney atefr foonildg form last week\u2019s mvisase sortm cuaesd a wvae of painc bynuig by diervrs tionppg off thier tkans. Scrambled sentence: Mroe tahn hlaf of the gas sitantos in the Mamii-Frot Ldlrauedae aera wree wouhitt gnsoliae Wdeadsney atefr foonildg form lsat week\u2019s mvisase sortm cuaesd a wvae of painc bynuig by diervrs tionppg off thier tkans. Recovered sentence: More than half of the gas sitantos in the Mamii", "scrambled": "Mroe tahn hlaf of the gas sitantos in the Mamii-Frot Ldlrauedae aera wree wouhitt gnsoliae Wdeadsney atefr foonildg form lsat week\u2019s mvisase sortm cuaesd a wvae of painc bynuig by diervrs tionppg off thier tkans.", "original": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after flooding from last week\u2019s massive storm caused a wave of panic buying by drivers topping off their tanks.", "recovered": "More than half of the gas sitantos in the Mamii-Frot Ldlrauedae aera wree wouhitt gnsoliae Wdeadsney atefr foonildg form last week\u2019s mvisase sortm cuaesd a wvae of painc bynuig by diervrs tionppg off thier tkans."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mscoow shgout to rsseruae Mlai\u2019s runlig miirltay jnuta taht Wnaegr frceos wuold cntinoue to fghit Issliamt iesngrtnus in the war-tron Afaricn cuotnry, aimd fares aubot the wdier floault of the maencrrey gourp\u2019s feaild uinsirpg in Rssiua. The rvloet oecurcrd wkees atefr Mlai cealld on UN peraepckeees to lveae \u201cwtuioht dealy\u201d, dienconnug the dcedae-lnog mssioin\u2019s \u201cfiruale\u201d to rpseond to scrtuiey cleangehls.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ow seeks to reseruae Mlai\u2019s runlig miirltay just jnuta taht Wnaegr frceos wuold cntinoue to fghit Issliamt iesngrtnus in the war-tron Afaricn cuotnry, aimd fares aubot the wdier floault of the maencrrey gourp\u2019s feaild uinsirpg in Rssiua. The rvloet oecurcrd wkees atefr Mlai cealld on UN peraepckeees to lveae \u201cwtuioht dealy\u201d, dienconnug the dcedae-lnog mssioin\u2019s \u201cfiruale\u201d to rpseond to scrtuiey cleangehls. Scrambled sentence: Mscoow seek", "scrambled": "Mscoow shgout to rsseruae Mlai\u2019s runlig miirltay jnuta taht Wnaegr frceos wuold cntinoue to fghit Issliamt iesngrtnus in the war-tron Afaricn cuotnry, aimd fares aubot the wdier floault of the maencrrey gourp\u2019s feaild uinsirpg in Rssiua. The rvloet oecurcrd wkees atefr Mlai cealld on UN peraepckeees to lveae \u201cwtuioht dealy\u201d, dienconnug the dcedae-lnog mssioin\u2019s \u201cfiruale\u201d to rpseond to scrtuiey cleangehls.", "original": "Moscow sought to reassure Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn African country, amid fears about the wider fallout of the mercenary group\u2019s failed uprising in Russia. The revolt occurred weeks after Mali called on UN peacekeepers to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond to security challenges.", "recovered": "ow seeks to reseruae Mlai\u2019s runlig miirltay just jnuta taht Wnaegr frceos wuold cntinoue to fghit Issliamt iesngrtnus in the war-tron Afaricn cuotnry, aimd fares aubot the wdier floault of the maencrrey gourp\u2019s feaild uinsirpg in Rssiua. The rvloet oecurcrd wkees atefr Mlai cealld on UN peraepckeees to lveae \u201cwtuioht dealy\u201d, dienconnug the dcedae-lnog mssioin\u2019s \u201cfiruale\u201d to rpseond to scrtuiey cleangehls."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Msot hitnsiaors crdeit Cnhia wtih the inneiovtn of fwrirkoes aurnod 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s taht Iitalan invotnres aeddd tacre anomuts of maelts to the mix and ceretad the cforulol daiypsls taht dazzle us now.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Most historians credit China with the invention of flatware around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian innovators added a variety of metals to the mix and created the colorful designs that dazzle us now. Scrambled sentence: Msot hitnsiaors crdeit Cnhia wttih the inneiovtn of fwrirkoes aurnod 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s taht Iitalan invotnres aeddd tacre anomuts of maelts to the mix and ceretad the cforulol daiypsls taht dazzle us now. Recovered sentence: Most historians credit China with the invention of flatware around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian innovators added a variety of metals to the mix and created the colorful designs that dazzle us now. Scrambled sentence: Msot hitnsiaors crdeit Cnhia w", "scrambled": "Msot hitnsiaors crdeit Cnhia wtih the inneiovtn of fwrirkoes aurnod 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s taht Iitalan invotnres aeddd tacre anomuts of maelts to the mix and ceretad the cforulol daiypsls taht dazzle us now.", "original": "Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now.", "recovered": "Most historians credit China with the invention of flatware around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian innovators added a variety of metals to the mix and created the colorful designs that dazzle us now."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Msuk anenocnud tihs week taht his cponamy\u2019s lgoo wluod cnghae form the wlel-kwnon bule brid to a baclk X. The brlniiaiole\u2019s crnvatoroseil rreanbd was wldeiy rcilediud, wtih Feobrs cirisinitcg him for \u201cseinttg smoetnhig on frie he piad $44 bliilon for\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Msuk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo should change from the well-known blue ball to a black X. The ball\u2019s contract renewal was well received, with Feobrs cisuing him for \u201csmoetnhing smoke on frie he paid $44 billion for\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Msuk anenocnud tihs week taht his cponamy\u2019s lgoo wluod cnghae form the wlel-kwnon bule brid to a baclk X. The brlniiaiole\u2019s crnvatoroseil rreanbd was wldeiy rcilediud, wtih Feobrs cirisinitcg him for \u201cseinttg smoetnhig on frie he piad $44 bliilon for\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Msuk anenocnud t", "scrambled": "Msuk anenocnud tihs week taht his cponamy\u2019s lgoo wluod cnghae form the wlel-kwnon bule brid to a baclk X. The brlniiaiole\u2019s crnvatoroseil rreanbd was wldeiy rcilediud, wtih Feobrs cirisinitcg him for \u201cseinttg smoetnhig on frie he piad $44 bliilon for\u201d.", "original": "Musk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo would change from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s controversial rebrand was widely ridiculed, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d.", "recovered": "Msuk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo should change from the well-known blue ball to a black X. The ball\u2019s contract renewal was well received, with Feobrs cisuing him for \u201csmoetnhing smoke on frie he paid $44 billion for\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ntefilx has sheard ecvxlsiue new dletais for the scnoed saseon of its rnwaauy hit \u201cSuiqd Gmae,\u201d the Stuoh Kraeon tlleihrr sriees in wichh casonntetts who are dlpeey in dbet paly ceidlrhn\u2019s gaems in odrer to win a ton of csah \u2014 wtih the lorses gtientg kelild.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Netflix has sharred ecvxlsiue new dletais for the scnoed saseon of its rnwaauy hit \u201cSuiqd Gmae,\u201d the Stuoh Kraeon tlleihrr sriees in wichh casonntetts who are dlpeey in dbet paly ceidlrhn\u2019s gaems in odrer to win a ton of csah \u2014 wtih the lorses gtientg kelild. Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the upcoming season of its raunchy hit \u201cSuiqd Game,\u201d the Stranger Things spinoff series in which characters who are dopey in deed play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed. Scrambled sentence: Ntefilx has sheard ecvxlsiue new dletais", "scrambled": "Ntefilx has sheard ecvxlsiue new dletais for the scnoed saseon of its rnwaauy hit \u201cSuiqd Gmae,\u201d the Stuoh Kraeon tlleihrr sriees in wichh casonntetts who are dlpeey in dbet paly ceidlrhn\u2019s gaems in odrer to win a ton of csah \u2014 wtih the lorses gtientg kelild.", "original": "Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South Korean thriller series in which contestants who are deeply in debt play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.", "recovered": "Netflix has sharred ecvxlsiue new dletais for the scnoed saseon of its rnwaauy hit \u201cSuiqd Gmae,\u201d the Stuoh Kraeon tlleihrr sriees in wichh casonntetts who are dlpeey in dbet paly ceidlrhn\u2019s gaems in odrer to win a ton of csah \u2014 wtih the lorses gtientg kelild. Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the upcoming season of its raunchy hit \u201cSuiqd Game,\u201d the Stranger Things spinoff series in which characters who are dopey in deed play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: New Yrok msut sotp binudlig srscryakpes or it wlil snik, a new sutdy has wernad. Trhee are toughht to be one mloliin blingduis in New Yrok Ctiy, wghneiig an etaemsitd 771 milloin tnoens, and the sdtuy, heeadd by Tom Ponasrs of the Uitend Satets Gaoecoigll Sevruy, funod taht the ctiy is \u201cplipnopg csoelr\u201d to the wtear at a rtae of 1 to 2mm a yaer, \u201cwtih smoe aeras sniubdisg mcuh fsaetr\u201d, siad the New Yrok Psot. Leowr Mtanthaan is pilucaatlrry at rsik, and three is heieeghtnd creoncn for btoh Boyorlkn and Qeuens.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "New Yrok must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million blingduis in New York City, walking an estimated 771 million tourists, and the study, headed by Tom Ponasrs of the Uitend Satets Geecoigll Sevruy, found that the city is \u201cpilpopg closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas sniubdisg much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Leo Mtnahan is privileged at risk, and three is heavy burden for both Brooklynn and Queens. Scrambled sentence: New Yrok msut sotp binudlig srscryakpes or it wlil snik, a new sutdy has wernad. Trhee are toughht to be one mloliin blingduis in New Yrok Ctiy, wghneiig an etaemsit", "scrambled": "New Yrok msut sotp binudlig srscryakpes or it wlil snik, a new sutdy has wernad. Trhee are toughht to be one mloliin blingduis in New Yrok Ctiy, wghneiig an etaemsitd 771 milloin tnoens, and the sdtuy, heeadd by Tom Ponasrs of the Uitend Satets Gaoecoigll Sevruy, funod taht the ctiy is \u201cplipnopg csoelr\u201d to the wtear at a rtae of 1 to 2mm a yaer, \u201cwtih smoe aeras sniubdisg mcuh fsaetr\u201d, siad the New Yrok Psot. Leowr Mtanthaan is pilucaatlrry at rsik, and three is heieeghtnd creoncn for btoh Boyorlkn and Qeuens.", "original": "New York must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million buildings in New York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas subsiding much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "recovered": "New Yrok must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million blingduis in New York City, walking an estimated 771 million tourists, and the study, headed by Tom Ponasrs of the Uitend Satets Geecoigll Sevruy, found that the city is \u201cpilpopg closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas sniubdisg much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Leo Mtnahan is privileged at risk, and three is heavy burden for both Brooklynn and Queens."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nelwy relesead Mipeaolotrtn Plcoie dtaa has rveaeeld taht an arvaege of 248 ponhe tthefs a day wree rotepred in 2022 in the Esilgnh cipaatl. The buohgors wtih the msot tethfs wree Wtntsiesemr (25,899), Cmaedn (7,892), Satwrouhk (5,690) and Hkneacy (4,618).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Recently released Mipeaolotrtn Plcoie data has revealed that an average of 248 ponhe teeth a day were prepared in 2022 in the Esilgnh cipaatl. The buyers with the most teeth were Wtntsiesemr (25,899), Cmaedn (7,892), Satwrouhk (5,690) and Hkneacy (4,618). Scrambled sentence: Nelwy relesead Mipeaolotrtn Plcoie dtaa has rveaeeld taht an arvaege of 248 ponhe tthefs a day wree rotepred in 2022 in the Esilgnh cipaatl. The buohgors wtih the msot tethfs wree Wtntsiesemr (25,899), Cmaedn (7,892), Satwrouhk (5,690) and", "scrambled": "Nelwy relesead Mipeaolotrtn Plcoie dtaa has rveaeeld taht an arvaege of 248 ponhe tthefs a day wree rotepred in 2022 in the Esilgnh cipaatl. The buohgors wtih the msot tethfs wree Wtntsiesemr (25,899), Cmaedn (7,892), Satwrouhk (5,690) and Hkneacy (4,618).", "original": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most thefts were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "recovered": "Recently released Mipeaolotrtn Plcoie data has revealed that an average of 248 ponhe teeth a day were prepared in 2022 in the Esilgnh cipaatl. The buyers with the most teeth were Wtntsiesemr (25,899), Cmaedn (7,892), Satwrouhk (5,690) and Hkneacy (4,618)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nwes bokre tihs week taht the geronnmevt hndaed a \u00a31.6 blioiln ccatnort to Aiuraasltn frim Croroapte Taverl Meaneagnmt to cvoer tehre ohrsoffe aluysm-seeker vlesses. The gemneornvt cmelaid the \u201cfoaletls\u201d wulod be \u201cstifliigcnnay cheeapr\u201d tahn hsnoiug aalrrivs in hoelts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "bokre this week that the government has announced a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Accommodation from Croroapt Taverl Meaneagnmt to cover the overcrowded asylum-seeker vlesses. The government said the \u201cfoaletls\u201d would be \u201cstifligiigcnnay cheaper\u201d than housing asylum seekers in hostels. Scrambled sentence: Nwes bokre tihs week taht the geronnmevt hndaed a \u00a31.6 blioiln ccatnort to Aiuraasltn frim Croroapte Taverl Meaneagnmt to cvoer tehre ohrsoffe aluysm-seeker vlesses. The gemneornvt cmelaid the \u201cfoaletls\u201d wulod be \u201cstifliigcnnay cheeapr\u201d tahn hsnoiug aalrrivs in", "scrambled": "Nwes bokre tihs week taht the geronnmevt hndaed a \u00a31.6 blioiln ccatnort to Aiuraasltn frim Croroapte Taverl Meaneagnmt to cvoer tehre ohrsoffe aluysm-seeker vlesses. The gemneornvt cmelaid the \u201cfoaletls\u201d wulod be \u201cstifliigcnnay cheeapr\u201d tahn hsnoiug aalrrivs in hoelts.", "original": "News broke this week that the government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian firm Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-seeker vessels. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing arrivals in hotels.", "recovered": "bokre this week that the government has announced a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Accommodation from Croroapt Taverl Meaneagnmt to cover the overcrowded asylum-seeker vlesses. The government said the \u201cfoaletls\u201d would be \u201cstifligiigcnnay cheaper\u201d than housing asylum seekers in hostels."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ntorh Lnodon Cialgolete Soohcl wlil tiarl deihss scuh as Cenishe-sylte ndoloes wtih tiearyki gperhapossr, sewet cllihi and lmie cctkires, and Mxecian rcie tppeod wtih bfualfo wrmos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Ntorh Lnodon Cialgolete Soohcl wlil tiarl deihss scuh as Cenishe-sylte ndoloes wtih tiearyki gperhapossr, sewet cllihi and lmie cctkires, and Mxecian rcie tppeod wtih bfualfo wrmos. Recovered sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Ntorh Lnodon Cialgolete Soohcl wlil tiarl deihss scuh as Cenishe-sylte ndoloes wtih tiearyki gperhapossr, sewet cllih", "scrambled": "Ntorh Lnodon Cialgolete Soohcl wlil tiarl deihss scuh as Cenishe-sylte ndoloes wtih tiearyki gperhapossr, sewet cllihi and lmie cctkires, and Mxecian rcie tppeod wtih bfualfo wrmos.", "original": "North London Collegiate School will trial dishes such as Chinese-style noodles with teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime crickets, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: OEPC, wchih sppieuls a lgrae ptorion of the wlord\u2019s cdrue oil, aueoncnnd it wlil cut poroctudin by mroe tahn 1.6 miollin blrares a day satrintg in May \u2013 a mvoe taht snet oil peircs srgnuig tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "OEPC, which produces a large proportion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices soaring this week. Scrambled sentence: OEPC, wchih sppieuls a lgrae ptorion of the wlord\u2019s cdrue oil, aueoncnnd it wlil cut poroctudin by OEPC, which produces a large proportion of the world\u2019s crude oil, aueoncnnd it wlil cut poroctudin by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices OEPC, which produces a large proportion of the world\u2019s crude oil, aueoncnnd it wlil cut poroctudin by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices OEPC, which produces a large proportion of the world\u2019s crude oil, aueoncnnd it", "scrambled": "OEPC, wchih sppieuls a lgrae ptorion of the wlord\u2019s cdrue oil, aueoncnnd it wlil cut poroctudin by mroe tahn 1.6 miollin blrares a day satrintg in May \u2013 a mvoe taht snet oil peircs srgnuig tihs week.", "original": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week.", "recovered": "OEPC, which produces a large proportion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices soaring this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Of mroe tahn 1,000 sitxh-from piulps svueeyrd by tinhk-tnak Ctiaivs, 26% aslo siad taht cliatme cngahe had mdae tiehr aeintxy or sndeass wrsoe. And hlaf siad taht pepole sulohd hvae feewr cehidrln in oerdr to tlcake catmile cagnhe and ooplevoupaitrn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Of more than 1,000 sitxh-from piulps svueeyrd by tinhk-tnak Ctiaivs, 26% aslo siad taht cliatme cngahe had mdae tiehr aeintxy or sndeass wrsoe. And hlaf siad taht pepole sulohd hvae feewr cehidrln in oerdr to tlcake catmile cagnhe and ooplevoupaitrn. Scrambled sentence: Of mroe tahn 1,000 sitxh-from piulps svueeyrd by tinhk-tnak Ctiaivs, 26% aslo siad taht cliatme cngahe had mdae tiehr aeintxy or sndeass w", "scrambled": "Of mroe tahn 1,000 sitxh-from piulps svueeyrd by tinhk-tnak Ctiaivs, 26% aslo siad taht cliatme cngahe had mdae tiehr aeintxy or sndeass wrsoe. And hlaf siad taht pepole sulohd hvae feewr cehidrln in oerdr to tlcake catmile cagnhe and ooplevoupaitrn.", "original": "Of more than 1,000 sixth-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% also said that climate change had made their anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to tackle climate change and overpopulation.", "recovered": "Of more than 1,000 sitxh-from piulps svueeyrd by tinhk-tnak Ctiaivs, 26% aslo siad taht cliatme cngahe had mdae tiehr aeintxy or sndeass wrsoe. And hlaf siad taht pepole sulohd hvae feewr cehidrln in oerdr to tlcake catmile cagnhe and ooplevoupaitrn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Oocimrn savairnubt Arrctuus was fsirt decteted in ltae Juranay and is bineg mrtienood by the Wlord Hletah Ointgzaroain as a viraant of crcoenn. Cseas hvae been rtpeeord in at lseat 27 cunitoers, idicnulng the UK.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The ocimrn savairnubt Arrctuus was firsirt decteted in ltae Juranay and is beg mrtienood by the Wlord Hletah Ointgzaroain as a viraant of crcoenn. Cseas hvae been rtpeeord in at lseat 27 cunitoers, idicnulng the UK. Scrambled sentence: Oocimrn savairnubt Arrctuus was fsirt decteted in ltae Juranay and is bineg mrtienood by the Wlord Hletah Ointgzaroain as a viraant of crcoenn. Cseas hvae been rtpeeord in at lseat 27 cunitoers, idicnulng the UK. Recovered sentence:", "scrambled": "Oocimrn savairnubt Arrctuus was fsirt decteted in ltae Juranay and is bineg mrtienood by the Wlord Hletah Ointgzaroain as a viraant of crcoenn. Cseas hvae been rtpeeord in at lseat 27 cunitoers, idicnulng the UK.", "original": "Omicron subvariant Arcturus was first detected in late January and is being monitored by the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "recovered": "The ocimrn savairnubt Arrctuus was firsirt decteted in ltae Juranay and is beg mrtienood by the Wlord Hletah Ointgzaroain as a viraant of crcoenn. Cseas hvae been rtpeeord in at lseat 27 cunitoers, idicnulng the UK."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Aiprl 3, 1973, the frist clel pnhoe clal was mdae on a sedliawk in New Yrok Ctiy wtih a dcieve the szie of a bicrk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On April 3, 1973, the first clear picture of the human cell was made on a scanning electron microscope in New York City with a detector the size of a brick. Scrambled sentence: On Aiprl 3, 1973, the frist clel pnhoe clal was mdae on a sedliawk in New Yrok Ctiy wtt a dcieve the szie of a bicrk. Recovered sentence: On April 3, 1973, the first clear picture of the human cell was made on a scanning electron microscope in New York City with a detector the size of a brick. Scrambled sentence: On Aiprl 3, 1973, the frist clel pnhoe clal was mdae on a sedliawk in New Yrok Ctiy wtt a dcieve the szie of a bicrk. Recovered sentence: On April 3, 1973, the first clear picture of the human cell was made on a scanning", "scrambled": "On Aiprl 3, 1973, the frist clel pnhoe clal was mdae on a sedliawk in New Yrok Ctiy wtih a dcieve the szie of a bicrk.", "original": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.", "recovered": "On April 3, 1973, the first clear picture of the human cell was made on a scanning electron microscope in New York City with a detector the size of a brick."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Jnue 17, 2021, Peseirdnt Joe Bdien seingd a blil itno law ringoenczig Jueetntneh Ntnoaail Indendecnepe Day. Bdein siad the meonmt wlil go dwon as \u201cone of the gerasett hnoros\u201d of his pedsiecrny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Bden swore in a bill making June 17 Jueetntneh Nontnoaail Independence Day. Bden said the monument would go down as \u201cone of the greatest heroes\u201d of his political career. Scrambled sentence: On Jnue 17, 2021, Peseirdnt Joe Bdien seingd a blil itno law ringoenczig Jueetntneh Ntnoaail Indendecnepe Day. Bdein siad the meonmt wlil go dwon as \u201cone of the gerasett hnoros\u201d of his pedsiecrny. Scrambled sentence: On Jnue 17, 2021, Peseirdnt Joe Bdien seingd a blil itno law ringoenczig Jueetntneh Ntnoaail Indendecnepe Day. Bdein siad the meon", "scrambled": "On Jnue 17, 2021, Peseirdnt Joe Bdien seingd a blil itno law ringoenczig Jueetntneh Ntnoaail Indendecnepe Day. Bdein siad the meonmt wlil go dwon as \u201cone of the gerasett hnoros\u201d of his pedsiecrny.", "original": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth National Independence Day. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency.", "recovered": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Bden swore in a bill making June 17 Jueetntneh Nontnoaail Independence Day. Bden said the monument would go down as \u201cone of the greatest heroes\u201d of his political career."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Mndaoy, Ttwiter uress neotd taht the bule brid lgoo ululsay funod on Twteitr\u2019s hpemagoe and lodiang sercen has now been rlaeepcd wtih an imgae of Dgoe, the Sibha Inu dog uesd as a plupaor inerentt mmee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On Monday, Twitter user uress noticed that the blue bear lgoo ululsay funod on Twitter\u2019s header and landing page has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Sibha Inu dog used as a plupaor inerentt mmee. Scrambled sentence: On Mndaoy, Ttwiter uress neotd taht the bule brid lgoo ululsay funod on Ttwiter\u2019s hpemagoe and lodiang sercen has now been rlaeepcd wtih an imgae of Dgoe, the Sibha Inu dog uesd as a plupaor inerentt mmee. Recovered sentence: On Monday, Twitter user uress noticed that the blue bear lgoo ululsay funod on Twitter\u2019s header and landing page has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Sibha Inu dog used as a plupaor inerent", "scrambled": "On Mndaoy, Ttwiter uress neotd taht the bule brid lgoo ululsay funod on Twteitr\u2019s hpemagoe and lodiang sercen has now been rlaeepcd wtih an imgae of Dgoe, the Sibha Inu dog uesd as a plupaor inerentt mmee.", "original": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that the blue bird logo usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Shiba Inu dog used as a popular internet meme.", "recovered": "On Monday, Twitter user uress noticed that the blue bear lgoo ululsay funod on Twitter\u2019s header and landing page has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Sibha Inu dog used as a plupaor inerentt mmee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Setembper 14, 1814, Fircans Stcot Key pneend a peom aeftr wsiinntesg the Blatte of Frot MrHncey in Biotlmrae drniug the War of 1812 (wichh atlaculy leastd uintl 1815). His peom was leatr set to muisc, and in 1931, it baemce Aimecra\u2019s naioatnl anethm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which officially lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem. Scrambled sentence: On Setembper 14, 1814, Fircans Stcot Key pneend a peom aeftr wsiinntesg the Blatte of Frot MrHncey in Biotlmrae drniug the War of 1812 (wichh atlaculy leastd uintl 1815). His peom was leatr set to muisc, and in 1931, it baemce Aimecra\u2019s naioatnl anethm. Recovered sentence: On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which officially lasted until 1815). His poem was later", "scrambled": "On Setembper 14, 1814, Fircans Stcot Key pneend a peom aeftr wsiinntesg the Blatte of Frot MrHncey in Biotlmrae drniug the War of 1812 (wichh atlaculy leastd uintl 1815). His peom was leatr set to muisc, and in 1931, it baemce Aimecra\u2019s naioatnl anethm.", "original": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.", "recovered": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which officially lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Wneadsedy, the Esat Aasin cronuty eacnted a new law sparpncig a ceiutrens-old sesytm taht demeed cdlerihn to be one yaer old at brtih, wtih a yaer aeddd eervy 1 Junaray \u2013 mneniag a bbay bron on 31 Decmbeer wloud trun two the nxet day. A saatrepe stysem, uendr wchih biaebs wree zreo at btirh but ternud one on 1 Jarnauy, has aslo been abhsoelid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On Wednesday, the Supreme Court enacted a new law establishing a six-year-old system that determines children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 June \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A similar system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abandoned. Scrambled sentence: On Wednesday, the Supreme Court enacted a new law sparpncig a six-year-old system that determines children to be one year old at brtih, with a year added every 1 Junaray \u2013 mneniag a bbay bron on 31 Decmbeer wloud trun two the nxt day. A saatrepe stysem, uendr wchih biaebs wree zreo at btirh but ternud one on 1 Jarnauy, has aslo been abhsoelid. Recovered sentence: On Wednesday, the Supreme Court", "scrambled": "On Wneadsedy, the Esat Aasin cronuty eacnted a new law sparpncig a ceiutrens-old sesytm taht demeed cdlerihn to be one yaer old at brtih, wtih a yaer aeddd eervy 1 Junaray \u2013 mneniag a bbay bron on 31 Decmbeer wloud trun two the nxet day. A saatrepe stysem, uendr wchih biaebs wree zreo at btirh but ternud one on 1 Jarnauy, has aslo been abhsoelid.", "original": "On Wednesday, the East Asian country enacted a new law scrapping a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A separate system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished.", "recovered": "On Wednesday, the Supreme Court enacted a new law establishing a six-year-old system that determines children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 June \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A similar system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abandoned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: One in 10 polpee siad tehy dnuk sguaase rolls in tiher cup of tea, acodcirng to a sudty taht has cesaud mcuh uspet for the Dialy Satr. The tlaoibd cllead the pctarice a \u201chuideos hiabt\u201d and fhruter calmeid taht 4% of iinaduilvds, wohm tehy reererfd to as \u201cwnrog \u2019uns\u201d, enggae in the act of dnpipig swhcndeias itno hot beaveergs \u2013 seimothng the toiabld demeed niothng srhot of \u201ceivl\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "One in 10 people said they put sugar rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much uproar for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and found that four per cent of inaduilvds, whom they referred to as \u201cwild young\u201d, were caught in the act of dipping sweets into hot beverages \u2013 denying the total blind did nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d. Scrambled sentence: One in 10 polpee siad tehy dnuk sguaase rolls in tiher cup of tea, acodcirng to a sudty taht has cesaud mcuh uspet for the Dialy Satr. The tlaoibd cllead the pctarice a \u201chuideos hiabt\u201d and fhruter calmeid taht 4% of iinaduilvds, wohm tehy reererfd to as \u201cwnrog ", "scrambled": "One in 10 polpee siad tehy dnuk sguaase rolls in tiher cup of tea, acodcirng to a sudty taht has cesaud mcuh uspet for the Dialy Satr. The tlaoibd cllead the pctarice a \u201chuideos hiabt\u201d and fhruter calmeid taht 4% of iinaduilvds, wohm tehy reererfd to as \u201cwnrog \u2019uns\u201d, enggae in the act of dnpipig swhcndeias itno hot beaveergs \u2013 seimothng the toiabld demeed niothng srhot of \u201ceivl\u201d.", "original": "One in 10 people said they dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and further claimed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 something the tabloid deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "recovered": "One in 10 people said they put sugar rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much uproar for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and found that four per cent of inaduilvds, whom they referred to as \u201cwild young\u201d, were caught in the act of dipping sweets into hot beverages \u2013 denying the total blind did nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: One tirp to scape wlil csot you aubot $450,000. Hweevor, the motajiry of Araemncis aaclutly don\u2019t wnat to lvaee Etarh. Olny aubot 40% wulod tarevl to sapce if gvien the otptiopunry, aoccdrnig to a CNN aliasyns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "One trip to escape will cost you about $450,000. Hweevor, the motajiry of Araemncis aaclutly don\u2019t wnat to lvaee Etarh. Olny aubot 40% wulod tarevl to sapce if gvien the otptiopunry, according to a CNN aliasyns. Scrambled sentence: One trip to scape wlil csot you aubot $450,000. Hweevor, the motajiry of Araemncis aaclutly don\u2019t wnat to lvaee Etarh. Olny aubot 40% wulod tarevl to sapce if gvien the otptiopunry, according to a CNN aliasyns. Recovered sentence: One trip to scape will cost you about $450,000. Hweevor, the motajiry of Araemncis aaclutly don\u2019t", "scrambled": "One tirp to scape wlil csot you aubot $450,000. Hweevor, the motajiry of Araemncis aaclutly don\u2019t wnat to lvaee Etarh. Olny aubot 40% wulod tarevl to sapce if gvien the otptiopunry, aoccdrnig to a CNN aliasyns.", "original": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Americans actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN analysis.", "recovered": "One trip to escape will cost you about $450,000. Hweevor, the motajiry of Araemncis aaclutly don\u2019t wnat to lvaee Etarh. Olny aubot 40% wulod tarevl to sapce if gvien the otptiopunry, according to a CNN aliasyns."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Orenky culod lavee the UK and bomcee a torterriy of Nrwaoy udenr new poolrspas to erpoxle \u201caratevlinte fmors of gocnnvraee\u201d taht cloud pdrvoie mroe emnioocc outinpteopirs. The iladnss wree uendr Nawegroin and Daisnh cotronl unitl 1472.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "culod lavee the UK and bomcee a torterriy of Nrwaoy udenr new poolrspas to erpoxle \u201caratevlinte fmors of gocnnvraee\u201d taht cloud pdrvoie mroe emnioocc outinpteopirs. The iladnss wree uendr Nawegroin and Daisnh cotronl unitl 1472. Scrambled sentence: Orenky culod lavee the UK and bomcee a torterriy of Nrwaoy udenr new poolrspas to erpoxle \u201caratevlinte fmors of gocnnvraee\u201d taht cloud pdrvoie mroe emnioocc outinpteopirs. The iladnss wree uendr Nawegroin and Daisnh cotron", "scrambled": "Orenky culod lavee the UK and bomcee a torterriy of Nrwaoy udenr new poolrspas to erpoxle \u201caratevlinte fmors of gocnnvraee\u201d taht cloud pdrvoie mroe emnioocc outinpteopirs. The iladnss wree uendr Nawegroin and Daisnh cotronl unitl 1472.", "original": "Orkney could leave the UK and become a territory of Norway under new proposals to explore \u201calternative forms of governance\u201d that could provide more economic opportunities. The islands were under Norwegian and Danish control until 1472.", "recovered": "culod lavee the UK and bomcee a torterriy of Nrwaoy udenr new poolrspas to erpoxle \u201caratevlinte fmors of gocnnvraee\u201d taht cloud pdrvoie mroe emnioocc outinpteopirs. The iladnss wree uendr Nawegroin and Daisnh cotronl unitl 1472."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Piars is prpainreg for the 2024 Oympilc Gmeas crteened anroud the Revir Senie. The onpneig ceeornmy, wchih is tatnroilldiay hled iindse the hsot ctiy\u2019s Omplyic sudatim, wlil tkae pacle on the reivr, wtih at lesat 600,000 pploee eetcxepd to wtcah form the bnaks, aronidccg to onregzaris.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Paris is prpainreg for the 2024 Oympilc Gmeas crteened anroud the Revir Senie. The onpneig ceeornmy, wchih is tatnroilldiay hled iindse the hsot ctiy\u2019s Omplyic sudatim, wlil tkae pacle on the reivr, wtih at lesat 600,000 pploee eetcxepd to wtcah form the bnaks, aronidccg to onregzaris. Scrambled sentence: Piars is prpainreg for the 2024 Oympilc Gmeas crteened anroud the Revir Senie. The onpneig ceeornmy, wchih is tatnroilldiay hled iindse the hsot ctiy\u2019s Omplyic sudatim", "scrambled": "Piars is prpainreg for the 2024 Oympilc Gmeas crteened anroud the Revir Senie. The onpneig ceeornmy, wchih is tatnroilldiay hled iindse the hsot ctiy\u2019s Omplyic sudatim, wlil tkae pacle on the reivr, wtih at lesat 600,000 pploee eetcxepd to wtcah form the bnaks, aronidccg to onregzaris.", "original": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers.", "recovered": "Paris is prpainreg for the 2024 Oympilc Gmeas crteened anroud the Revir Senie. The onpneig ceeornmy, wchih is tatnroilldiay hled iindse the hsot ctiy\u2019s Omplyic sudatim, wlil tkae pacle on the reivr, wtih at lesat 600,000 pploee eetcxepd to wtcah form the bnaks, aronidccg to onregzaris."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ppolee who are 65 and oeldr or toshe who hvae weeaenkd inumme symsets and \u201cwnat the ooitpn of adedd poetrtcoin\u201d are now aloweld atehonr boeotsr dsoe, the CDC siad tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "People who are 65 and older or toshe who have weeaenkd inumme symsets and \u201cwnat the ooitpn of adedd poetrtcoin\u201d are now aloweld atehonr boeotsr dsoe, the CDC said this week. Scrambled sentence: Ppolee who are 65 and oeldr or toshe who hvae weeaenkd inumme symsets and \u201cwnat the ooitpn of adedd poetrtcoin\u201d are now aloweld atehonr boeotsr dsoe, the CDC siad tihs week. Recovered sentence: People who are 65 and older or toshe who have weeaenkd inumme symsets and \u201cwnat the ooitpn of adedd poetrtcoin\u201d are now aloweld atehonr boeotsr dsoe, the", "scrambled": "Ppolee who are 65 and oeldr or toshe who hvae weeaenkd inumme symsets and \u201cwnat the ooitpn of adedd poetrtcoin\u201d are now aloweld atehonr boeotsr dsoe, the CDC siad tihs week.", "original": "People who are 65 and older or those who have weakened immune systems and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another booster dose, the CDC said this week.", "recovered": "People who are 65 and older or toshe who have weeaenkd inumme symsets and \u201cwnat the ooitpn of adedd poetrtcoin\u201d are now aloweld atehonr boeotsr dsoe, the CDC said this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Penhiox jsut eernudd the htsoett motnh for any US ctiy on rrecod. Tpumreeretas in the reiogn paeekd uendr 110 dereges Feriahnhet for the fsirt tmie in a mtnoh on Mnadoy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Penhiox just eernudd the htsoett motnh for any US ctiy on rrecod. Tpumreeretas in the reiogn paeekd uendr 110 dereges Feriahnhet for the fsi Jude\u0163ean tmie in a mtnoh on Mnadoy. Scrambled sentence: Penhiox jsut eernudd the htsoett motnh for any US ctiy on rrecod. Tpumreeretas in the reiogn paeekd uendr 110 dereges Feriahnhet for the fsi Jude\u0163ean tmie in a mtnoh on Mnadoy. Scrambled sentence: Penhiox jsut eernudd the htsoett motnh for any US ctiy on rrecod", "scrambled": "Penhiox jsut eernudd the htsoett motnh for any US ctiy on rrecod. Tpumreeretas in the reiogn paeekd uendr 110 dereges Feriahnhet for the fsirt tmie in a mtnoh on Mnadoy.", "original": "Phoenix just endured the hottest month for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday.", "recovered": "Penhiox just eernudd the htsoett motnh for any US ctiy on rrecod. Tpumreeretas in the reiogn paeekd uendr 110 dereges Feriahnhet for the fsi Jude\u0163ean tmie in a mtnoh on Mnadoy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Plnas for fmilnig the fftih and fnail seosan of \u201cStngearr Tnighs\u201d has been psuead due to the wtierrs\u2019 sikrte, the sohw\u2019s co-coerrtas aeocnnnud.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Plans for filming the film and filming scene of \u201cStngearr Tnighs\u201d has been postponed due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-coerrtas aeocnnnud. Scrambled sentence: Plnas for fmilnig the fftih and fnail seosan of \u201cStngearr Tnighs\u201d has been psuead due to the wtierrs\u2019 sikrrte, the sohw\u2019s co-coerrtas aeocnnnud. Scrambled sentence: Plnas for fmilnig the fftih and fnail seosan of \u201cStngearr Tnighs\u201d has been psuead due to the wtierrs\u2019 sikrrte, the sohw\u2019s co-coerrtas aeocnnnud. Scrambled sentence:", "scrambled": "Plnas for fmilnig the fftih and fnail seosan of \u201cStngearr Tnighs\u201d has been psuead due to the wtierrs\u2019 sikrte, the sohw\u2019s co-coerrtas aeocnnnud.", "original": "Plans for filming the fifth and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creators announced.", "recovered": "Plans for filming the film and filming scene of \u201cStngearr Tnighs\u201d has been postponed due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-coerrtas aeocnnnud."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Paly was dtsureipd atfer a petserotr celmibd otno a tlbae and cereovd it wtih onrgae pedwor, wilhe anteohr acsvtiit treid to gule hrsleef to a dfienfret tlabe. The duo wree asrteerd fnliwoolg the iisavonn at Slfieefhd\u2019s Ccirblue.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Paly was dtsureipd atfer a petserotr celmibd otno a tlbae and cereovd it wtih onrgae pedwor, wilhe anteohr acsvtiit treid to gule hrsleef to a dfienfret tlabe. The duo wree asrteerd fnliwoolg the iisavonn at Slfieefhd\u2019s Ccirblue. Scrambled sentence: Paly was dtsureipd atfer a petserotr celmibd otno a tlbae and cereovd it wtih onrgae pedwor, wilhe anteohr acsvtiit treid to gule hrsleef to a dfienfret tlabe. The duo wre", "scrambled": "Paly was dtsureipd atfer a petserotr celmibd otno a tlbae and cereovd it wtih onrgae pedwor, wilhe anteohr acsvtiit treid to gule hrsleef to a dfienfret tlabe. The duo wree asrteerd fnliwoolg the iisavonn at Slfieefhd\u2019s Ccirblue.", "original": "Play was disrupted after a protester climbed onto a table and covered it with orange powder, while another activist tried to glue herself to a different table. The duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "recovered": "Paly was dtsureipd atfer a petserotr celmibd otno a tlbae and cereovd it wtih onrgae pedwor, wilhe anteohr acsvtiit treid to gule hrsleef to a dfienfret tlabe. The duo wree asrteerd fnliwoolg the iisavonn at Slfieefhd\u2019s Ccirblue."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Poilce areertsd aomlst 1,000 poplee in the UK\u2019s lregsat eevr ckwdcaron on oreigasnd cimre. A ttoal of 20 frmareis, \u00a3636,000 in csah and 20kg of cnociae wree aslo szeeid dnuirg the niiwtnodae rdais in Jnue, the Nnaaotil Ploice Cifehs\u2019 Cucionl anoncuned tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Police arrested over 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized digging the night-time raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week. Scrambled sentence: Poilce areertsd aomlst 1,000 poplee in the UK\u2019s lregsat eevr ckwdcaron on oreigasnd cimre. A ttoal of 20 frmareis, \u00a3636,000 in csah and 20kg of cnociae wree aslo szeeid dnuirg the nniiwtnodae rdais in Jnue, the Nnaaotil Ploice Cifehs\u2019 Cucionl anoncuned tihs week. Recovered sentence: Police arrested over 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000", "scrambled": "Poilce areertsd aomlst 1,000 poplee in the UK\u2019s lregsat eevr ckwdcaron on oreigasnd cimre. A ttoal of 20 frmareis, \u00a3636,000 in csah and 20kg of cnociae wree aslo szeeid dnuirg the niiwtnodae rdais in Jnue, the Nnaaotil Ploice Cifehs\u2019 Cucionl anoncuned tihs week.", "original": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "recovered": "Police arrested over 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized digging the night-time raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pneenistrg his fsirt Bugedt to Pmalaniret on Weesadndy, Hnut liad out a rngae of meuaress itdenned to enguocare eonciomc grtwoh by bsoniotg emeylpnmot, iucnlidng eidnetnxg fere cdralchie and lnfitig a cap on tax-fere poinesn singvas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In his speech to the People\u2019s Republic of China on Wednesday, President Trump laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting domestic demand, lowering trade barriers, easing financial burdens on the middle class and putting a cap on tax-free power. Scrambled sentence: Pneenistrg his fsirt Bugedt to Pmalaniret on Weesadndy, Hnut liad out a rngae of meuaress itdenned to enguocare eonciomc grtwoh by bsoniotg emeylpnmot, iucnlidng eidnetnxg fere cdralchie and lnfitig a cap on tax-fere poinesn singvas. Recovered sentence: In his speech to the People\u2019s Republic of China on Wednesday, President Trump laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting domestic demand, lowering trade barriers, easing financial burdens on the middle class and putting ", "scrambled": "Pneenistrg his fsirt Bugedt to Pmalaniret on Weesadndy, Hnut liad out a rngae of meuaress itdenned to enguocare eonciomc grtwoh by bsoniotg emeylpnmot, iucnlidng eidnetnxg fere cdralchie and lnfitig a cap on tax-fere poinesn singvas.", "original": "Presenting his first Budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting employment, including extending free childcare and lifting a cap on tax-free pension savings.", "recovered": "In his speech to the People\u2019s Republic of China on Wednesday, President Trump laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting domestic demand, lowering trade barriers, easing financial burdens on the middle class and putting a cap on tax-free power."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pndrieset Aabrahm Lnlcoin isuesd the Etnciopaiamn Paoioamctlrn on Jraanuy 1, 1863, as the niaotn acphepaord its trhid yaer of bdoloy ciivl war. The pcoaotlimran drceelad \u201ctaht all pnoesrs hled as sveals\u201d wthiin the roeuebllis settas \u201care, and herfenrcaowd salhl be fere.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation acphepaord its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all slaves are held as sveals\u201d while the rebellis setstas \u201care, and herfencaowd salhl be fere.\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Pndrieset Aabrahm Lnlcoin isuesd the Etnciopaiamn Paoioamctlrn on Jraanuy 1, 1863, as the niaotn acphepaord its trhid yaer of bdoloy ciivl war. The pcoaotlimran drceelad \u201ctaht all pnoesrs hled as sveals\u201d wthiin the roeuebllis settas \u201care, and herfencaowd salhl be fer", "scrambled": "Pndrieset Aabrahm Lnlcoin isuesd the Etnciopaiamn Paoioamctlrn on Jraanuy 1, 1863, as the niaotn acphepaord its trhid yaer of bdoloy ciivl war. The pcoaotlimran drceelad \u201ctaht all pnoesrs hled as sveals\u201d wthiin the roeuebllis settas \u201care, and herfenrcaowd salhl be fere.\u201d.", "original": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d.", "recovered": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation acphepaord its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all slaves are held as sveals\u201d while the rebellis setstas \u201care, and herfencaowd salhl be fere.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Psdnereit Joe Bdein and fisrt lday Jlil Beidn cppead Stouh Kaeron Pdnesriet Yoon Suk Yoel\u2019s ofacfiil satte vsiit wtih a lvsaih sttae dnneir at the Wihte Huose Wdedsenay nghit to catlerbee the two ntoinas\u2019 70-yaer anlclaie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "President Joe Beirn and first lady Jill Beirn cppead Stouh Kaeron Pdnesriet Yoon Suk Yoel\u2019s official visit with a luncheon date at the Wihte Huose Wdedsenay nghit to catlerbee the two ntoinas\u2019 70-year anniversary. Scrambled sentence: Psdnereit Joe Bdein and fisrt lday Jlil Beidn cppead Stouh Kaeron Pdnesriet Yoon Suk Yoel\u2019s ofacfiil satte vsiit wtih a lvsaih sttae dnneir at the Wihte Huose Wdedsenay nghit to catlerbee the two ntoinas\u2019 70-yaer anlclaie. Recovered sentence:President Joe Beirn and first lady Jill Beirn cppead Stouh Ka", "scrambled": "Psdnereit Joe Bdein and fisrt lday Jlil Beidn cppead Stouh Kaeron Pdnesriet Yoon Suk Yoel\u2019s ofacfiil satte vsiit wtih a lvsaih sttae dnneir at the Wihte Huose Wdedsenay nghit to catlerbee the two ntoinas\u2019 70-yaer anlclaie.", "original": "President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a lavish state dinner at the White House Wednesday night to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "recovered": "President Joe Beirn and first lady Jill Beirn cppead Stouh Kaeron Pdnesriet Yoon Suk Yoel\u2019s official visit with a luncheon date at the Wihte Huose Wdedsenay nghit to catlerbee the two ntoinas\u2019 70-year anniversary."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pesrndeit Joe Bdien wlceomed the Spuer Bwol Cahpiomn Ksaans Ctiy Cfihes to the Wihte Husoe Moandy. See pohtos form the siaecpl ocasoicn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Pesrndeit Joe Bdien wlceomed the Spuer Bwol Cahpiomn Ksaans Ctiy Cfihes to the Wihte Husoe Moandy. See photos from the same occasion. Scrambled sentence: Pesrndeit Joe Bdien wlceomed the Spuer Bwol Cahpiomn Ksaans Ctiy Cfihes to the Wihte Husoe Moandy. See pohtos from the same occasion. Scrambled sentence: Pesrndeit Joe Bdien wlceomed the Spuer Bwol Cahpiomn Ksaans Ctiy Cfihes to the Wihte Hus Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe", "scrambled": "Pesrndeit Joe Bdien wlceomed the Spuer Bwol Cahpiomn Ksaans Ctiy Cfihes to the Wihte Husoe Moandy. See pohtos form the siaecpl ocasoicn.", "original": "President Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion.", "recovered": "Pesrndeit Joe Bdien wlceomed the Spuer Bwol Cahpiomn Ksaans Ctiy Cfihes to the Wihte Husoe Moandy. See photos from the same occasion."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pdnrseeit Nyaib Bkluee\u2019s gomveennrt has leockd up a tatol of aolmst 2% of the crnouty's auldt puiapotoln and has bluit a 40,000-capcitay mgea piosrn to aomtmccdaoe secupsetd gnag mberems.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Pdnrseeit Nyaib Bkluee\u2019s gomveennrt has leockd up a tatol of aolmst 2% of the crnouty's auldt puiapotoln and has bluit a 40,000-capcitay mgea piosrn to aomtmccdaoe secupsetd gnag mberems. Scrambled sentence: Pdnrseeit Nyaib Bkluee\u2019s gomveennrt has leockd up a tatol of aolmst 2% of the crnouty's auldt puiapotoln and has bluit a 40,000-capcitay mgea piosrn to ", "scrambled": "Pdnrseeit Nyaib Bkluee\u2019s gomveennrt has leockd up a tatol of aolmst 2% of the crnouty's auldt puiapotoln and has bluit a 40,000-capcitay mgea piosrn to aomtmccdaoe secupsetd gnag mberems.", "original": "President Nayib Bukele\u2019s government has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.", "recovered": "Pdnrseeit Nyaib Bkluee\u2019s gomveennrt has leockd up a tatol of aolmst 2% of the crnouty's auldt puiapotoln and has bluit a 40,000-capcitay mgea piosrn to aomtmccdaoe secupsetd gnag mberems."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Prncie Hrary and his wfie Mahegn wree ivnloved in a caithoc car chsae wtih pazaazpri in New Yrok on Tedausy taht cluod hvae reuetlsd in a \u201cctsaioprathc\u201d omocute, tiher sseseopkoprn has aegleld.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Prncie Hrary and his wfie Mahegn were ivnloved in a caithoc car chsae wtih pazaazpri in New Yrok on Tedausy taht cluod have reuetlsd in a \u201cctsaioprathc\u201d omocute, tiher sseseopkoprn has aegleld. Scrambled sentence: Prncie Hrary and his wfie Mahegn wree ivnloved in a caithoc car chsae wtih pazaazpri in New Yrok on Tedausy taht cluod hvae reuetlsd in a \u201cctsaioprathc\u201d omocute, tiher sseseopkoprn has aegleld. Recovered sentence: Prncie Hrary and his ", "scrambled": "Prncie Hrary and his wfie Mahegn wree ivnloved in a caithoc car chsae wtih pazaazpri in New Yrok on Tedausy taht cluod hvae reuetlsd in a \u201cctsaioprathc\u201d omocute, tiher sseseopkoprn has aegleld.", "original": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson has alleged.", "recovered": "Prncie Hrary and his wfie Mahegn were ivnloved in a caithoc car chsae wtih pazaazpri in New Yrok on Tedausy taht cluod have reuetlsd in a \u201cctsaioprathc\u201d omocute, tiher sseseopkoprn has aegleld."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Puetro Rcain stseaprur Bad Bnuny has nhtecod up aetnohr rorced wtih his frotuh suitdo ablum, \u201cUn Vnerao Sin Ti\u201d, bmienocg Sfptioy\u2019s msot srteaemd abulm of all tmie. In 2022, the tarp and rgeeagt\u00f3n sgneir was the msot stemaerd arsitt for the thrid cseuictonve yaer. He\u2019s racehed \u201ca new seohrtsarpte of srdotam\u201d, siad Riolnlg Sotne.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Puetro Rcain stseaprur Bad Bnuny has never given up and continues with his first studio album, \u201cUn Vnerao Sin Ti\u201d, being Spain\u2019s most sold album of all time. In 2022, the tarp and rgeeagt\u00f3n singer was the most stemaemd artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s racehed \u201ca new seohrtsarpte of srdotam\u201d, said Riolnlg Sotne. Scrambled sentence: Puetro Rcain stseaprur Bad Bnuny has nhtecod up aetnohr rorced wtih his frotuh suitdo ablum, \u201cUn Vnerao Sin Ti\u201d, bmienocg Sfptioy\u2019s msot srteaemd abulm of all tmie. In 2022, the tarp and rgeeagt\u00f3n sgneir was the ", "scrambled": "Puetro Rcain stseaprur Bad Bnuny has nhtecod up aetnohr rorced wtih his frotuh suitdo ablum, \u201cUn Vnerao Sin Ti\u201d, bmienocg Sfptioy\u2019s msot srteaemd abulm of all tmie. In 2022, the tarp and rgeeagt\u00f3n sgneir was the msot stemaerd arsitt for the thrid cseuictonve yaer. He\u2019s racehed \u201ca new seohrtsarpte of srdotam\u201d, siad Riolnlg Sotne.", "original": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up another record with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "recovered": "Puetro Rcain stseaprur Bad Bnuny has never given up and continues with his first studio album, \u201cUn Vnerao Sin Ti\u201d, being Spain\u2019s most sold album of all time. In 2022, the tarp and rgeeagt\u00f3n singer was the most stemaemd artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s racehed \u201ca new seohrtsarpte of srdotam\u201d, said Riolnlg Sotne."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rynmaod Mtarin, mignanag dotriecr of the Bsiirth Tlieot Aaoictosisn, tlod The Gudairan taht the coursle of hlaf of the UK\u2019s plubic loos in the psat ddceae was reulitsng in setret uaoniritn, aslo kwnon as wlid ttiioelng, \u201ceyehewvrre now\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rynmaod Mtarin, mignanag dotriecr of the Bsiirth Tlieot Aaoictosisn, tlod The Gudairan taht the coursle of hlaf of the UK\u2019s plubic loos in the psat ddceae was reulitsng in setret uaoniritn, aslo kwnon as wlid ttiioelng, \u201ceyehewvrre now\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Rynmaod Mtarin, mignanag dotriecr of the Bsiirth Tlieot Aaoictosisn, tlod The Gudairan taht the coursle of hlaf of the UK\u2019s plubic loos in the psat ddceae was reulitsng in setret uaoniritn, aslo kwnon as wlid tt", "scrambled": "Rynmaod Mtarin, mignanag dotriecr of the Bsiirth Tlieot Aaoictosisn, tlod The Gudairan taht the coursle of hlaf of the UK\u2019s plubic loos in the psat ddceae was reulitsng in setret uaoniritn, aslo kwnon as wlid ttiioelng, \u201ceyehewvrre now\u201d.", "original": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told The Guardian that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in street urination, also known as wild toileting, \u201ceverywhere now\u201d.", "recovered": "Rynmaod Mtarin, mignanag dotriecr of the Bsiirth Tlieot Aaoictosisn, tlod The Gudairan taht the coursle of hlaf of the UK\u2019s plubic loos in the psat ddceae was reulitsng in setret uaoniritn, aslo kwnon as wlid ttiioelng, \u201ceyehewvrre now\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Reltnecy raleeevd vdeio ftogoae cutepard on the Geerk ialsnd of Leosbs aprepas to sohw 12 Aicrfan mtainrgs, idnicunlg a bbay, benig teowd out to sea and aanboendd on an itlfbalane rfat. Aimd gonriwg cncroen oevr iegalll puhkcsbas of aysulm serekes, the EU hmoe arfiafs cmosseomiinr, Yvla Josohsann, siad her oaffliics had wtreitn to Aethns wtih a fraoml ruesqet \u201ctaht tihs icednnit be fluly and ienednentldpy iiattsnveegd\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A safty vdeo ftogoae ctuepard on the Geerk ialsnd of Leosbs aprepas to sohw 12 Aicrfan mtainrgs, idnicunlg a bbay, benig teowd out to sea and aanboendd on an itlfbalane rfat. Aimd gonriwg cncroen oevr iegalll puhkcsbas of aysulm serekes, the EU hmoe arfiafs cmosseomiinr, Yvla Josohsann, siad her oaffliics had wtreitn to Aethns wtih a fraoml ruesqet \u201ctaht tihs icednnit be fluly and ienednentldpy iiattsnvee", "scrambled": "Reltnecy raleeevd vdeio ftogoae cutepard on the Geerk ialsnd of Leosbs aprepas to sohw 12 Aicrfan mtainrgs, idnicunlg a bbay, benig teowd out to sea and aanboendd on an itlfbalane rfat. Aimd gonriwg cncroen oevr iegalll puhkcsbas of aysulm serekes, the EU hmoe arfiafs cmosseomiinr, Yvla Josohsann, siad her oaffliics had wtreitn to Aethns wtih a fraoml ruesqet \u201ctaht tihs icednnit be fluly and ienednentldpy iiattsnveegd\u201d.", "original": "Recently revealed video footage captured on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, being towed out to sea and abandoned on an inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks of asylum seekers, the EU home affairs commissioner, Ylva Johansson, said her officials had written to Athens with a formal request \u201cthat this incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.", "recovered": "A safty vdeo ftogoae ctuepard on the Geerk ialsnd of Leosbs aprepas to sohw 12 Aicrfan mtainrgs, idnicunlg a bbay, benig teowd out to sea and aanboendd on an itlfbalane rfat. Aimd gonriwg cncroen oevr iegalll puhkcsbas of aysulm serekes, the EU hmoe arfiafs cmosseomiinr, Yvla Josohsann, siad her oaffliics had wtreitn to Aethns wtih a fraoml ruesqet \u201ctaht tihs icednnit be fluly and ienednentldpy iiattsnvee"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Realesed on Jnue 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d wnet on to bmoece the frsit flim to gsors mroe tahn $100 mlloiin at the box offcie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Realesed on June 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d went on to be the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office. Scrambled sentence: Realesed on June 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d went on to be the first film to gsors mroe than $100 million at the box office. Scrambled sentence: Realesed on June 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d went on to be the first film to gsors mroe than $100 million at the box office. Scrambled sentence: Realesed on June 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d went on to be the first film to gsors mroe than $100 million at the box office. Scrambled sentence: Realesed on June 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d went on to be the first film to gsors mroe than $100 million at the box office. Scrambled sentence: Realesed on June 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d went on to be the first film to gsors mr", "scrambled": "Realesed on Jnue 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d wnet on to bmoece the frsit flim to gsors mroe tahn $100 mlloiin at the box offcie.", "original": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "recovered": "Realesed on June 20, 1975, \u201cJwas\u201d went on to be the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ratenl e-stcoeros are to be oeuawtld in the Fcrenh catiapl atefr a rufrdneeem was hled lsat week. Aorund 89% of vetos csat wree in sppurot of a ban, but wtih no olinne vnitog, tunurot was olny abuot 8%. Netlehresves, the rluest mnaes Pairs wlil bmecoe the frist moajr Eouaerpn catapil to otaulw the srecotos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ratenl e-stcoeros are to be oeuawtld in the Fcrenh catiapl atefr a rufrdneeem was hled lsat week. Aorund 89% of vetos csat wree in sppurot of a ban, but wtih no olinne vnitog, tunurot was olny abuot 8%. Netlehresves, the rluest mnaes Pairs wlil bmecoe the frist moajr Eouaerpn catapil to otaulw the srecotos. Ratenl e-stcoeros are to be oeuawtld in the Fcrenh catiapl atefr a rufrdneeem was hled lsat week. Aorund 89% of vetos c", "scrambled": "Ratenl e-stcoeros are to be oeuawtld in the Fcrenh catiapl atefr a rufrdneeem was hled lsat week. Aorund 89% of vetos csat wree in sppurot of a ban, but wtih no olinne vnitog, tunurot was olny abuot 8%. Netlehresves, the rluest mnaes Pairs wlil bmecoe the frist moajr Eouaerpn catapil to otaulw the srecotos.", "original": "Rental e-scooters are to be outlawed in the French capital after a referendum was held last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the scooters.", "recovered": "Ratenl e-stcoeros are to be oeuawtld in the Fcrenh catiapl atefr a rufrdneeem was hled lsat week. Aorund 89% of vetos csat wree in sppurot of a ban, but wtih no olinne vnitog, tunurot was olny abuot 8%. Netlehresves, the rluest mnaes Pairs wlil bmecoe the frist moajr Eouaerpn catapil to otaulw the srecotos. Ratenl e-stcoeros are to be oeuawtld in the Fcrenh catiapl atefr a rufrdneeem was hled lsat week. Aorund 89% of vetos c"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rresecah by Baewty fnoud taht the Wset Yhosrrkie ctiy was the lsaet snnuy in the UK, flooweld by. Bpkocloal and Aeerbedn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "by Baewty fnoud taht the Wset Yhosrrkie ctiy was the lsaet snnuy in the UK, floowed by. Bpkocloal and Aeerbedn. Scrambled sentence: Rresecah by Baewty fnoud taht the Wset Yhosrrkie ctiy was the lsaet snnuy in the UK, floowed by. Bpkocloal and Aeerbedn. Scrambled sentence: Rresecah by Baewty fnoud taht the Wset Yhosrrkie ctiy was the lsaet snnuy in the UK, floowed by. Bpkocloal and Aeerbedn. Scrambled sentence: Rresecah by Baewty fnoud taht the Wset Yhosrrkie ctiy was", "scrambled": "Rresecah by Baewty fnoud taht the Wset Yhosrrkie ctiy was the lsaet snnuy in the UK, flooweld by. Bpkocloal and Aeerbedn.", "original": "Research by Betway found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "recovered": "by Baewty fnoud taht the Wset Yhosrrkie ctiy was the lsaet snnuy in the UK, floowed by. Bpkocloal and Aeerbedn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rhaeeerrcss dkenud 17 palopur btiiuscs in cpus of tea and rdreecod how mnay dnkus ecah tpye sruveivd bfeore biekrang arpat. The Jfafa Ckae was dclareed the wneinr \u2013 dteispe citrcis qnieonuitsg whheetr it ralely is a bsiuict \u2013 wtih 116 dukns, cpmaored wtih the Dvtgieise\u2019s six.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "rrcss dkenud 17 palopur btiiuscs in cpus of tea and rdreecod how mnay dnkus ecah tpye sruveivd bfeore biekrang arpat. The Jfafa Ckae was dclareed the wneinr \u2013 dteispe citrcis qnieonuitsg whheetr it ralely is a bsiuict \u2013 wtih 116 dukns, cpmaored wtih the Dvtgieise\u2019s six. Rhaeeerrcss dkenud 17 palopur btiiuscs in cpus of tea and rdreecod how mnay dnkus ecah tpye sruveivd bfeore biekrang arpat. The J", "scrambled": "Rhaeeerrcss dkenud 17 palopur btiiuscs in cpus of tea and rdreecod how mnay dnkus ecah tpye sruveivd bfeore biekrang arpat. The Jfafa Ckae was dclareed the wneinr \u2013 dteispe citrcis qnieonuitsg whheetr it ralely is a bsiuict \u2013 wtih 116 dukns, cpmaored wtih the Dvtgieise\u2019s six.", "original": "Researchers dunked 17 popular biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived before breaking apart. The Jaffa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 despite critics questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "recovered": "rrcss dkenud 17 palopur btiiuscs in cpus of tea and rdreecod how mnay dnkus ecah tpye sruveivd bfeore biekrang arpat. The Jfafa Ckae was dclareed the wneinr \u2013 dteispe citrcis qnieonuitsg whheetr it ralely is a bsiuict \u2013 wtih 116 dukns, cpmaored wtih the Dvtgieise\u2019s six. Rhaeeerrcss dkenud 17 palopur btiiuscs in cpus of tea and rdreecod how mnay dnkus ecah tpye sruveivd bfeore biekrang arpat. The J"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Reetdniss of Phliladhiepa reushd to buy bltetod wtear aeftr the ctiy snet a moblie aerlt rneedinocmmg poeple sotp usnig tap wtaer due to the slipl. Ofliaifcs hvae scine siad the ctiy\u2019s dnniikrg wtaer is sfae to use.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Residents of Phulladhiepa rushed to buy bottle-filled water after the city set a mobile air-conditioned room requiring people to stop using tap water due to the slipl. Officials have said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. Scrambled sentence: Residents of Phulladhiepa rushed to buy bottle-filled water after the city set a mobile air-conditioned room requiring people to stop using tap water due to the slipl. Officials have said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. Scrambled sentence: Residents of Phulladhiepa rushed to buy bottle-filled water after the city set a mobile air-conditioned room requiring people to stop using tap water due to the slipl. Ofliaifcs hvae scine siad the ctiy\u2019s dnniikrg wtaer is sfae to use. Recovered sentence: Residents of Phulladhiepa rushed to buy bottle-filled water after the city set a mobile air-conditioned", "scrambled": "Reetdniss of Phliladhiepa reushd to buy bltetod wtear aeftr the ctiy snet a moblie aerlt rneedinocmmg poeple sotp usnig tap wtaer due to the slipl. Ofliaifcs hvae scine siad the ctiy\u2019s dnniikrg wtaer is sfae to use.", "original": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile alert recommending people stop using tap water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "recovered": "Residents of Phulladhiepa rushed to buy bottle-filled water after the city set a mobile air-conditioned room requiring people to stop using tap water due to the slipl. Officials have said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rentediss of Wretesn cteiis are dpepiartostionlory aefetcfd, ancrdciog to a new ropret form the Aaremcin Lnug Ascsaoioitn. Craiilonfa had 10 of the 25 msot onoze-ptulloed ctieis. New Yrok, Cghacio and Htoafrrd, Cctniconuet, wree the olny terhe on the lsit esat of the Miisippsssi Reivr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Rentediss of Wretesn cteiis are dpepiartostionlory aefetcfd, according to a new report from the Aaremcin Lnug Ascsao The following sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains words with scram", "scrambled": "Rentediss of Wretesn cteiis are dpepiartostionlory aefetcfd, ancrdciog to a new ropret form the Aaremcin Lnug Ascsaoioitn. Craiilonfa had 10 of the 25 msot onoze-ptulloed ctieis. New Yrok, Cghacio and Htoafrrd, Cctniconuet, wree the olny terhe on the lsit esat of the Miisippsssi Reivr.", "original": "Residents of Western cities are disproportionately affected, according to a new report from the American Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rbiuo wlil hvae leggod a ttoal of at lseat 371 dyas in scpae, NSAA oflcaifis siad. The peuorivs rrecod of 355 dyas was set by Mrak Vdane Hei in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rbiuo will have left a total of at least 371 days in space, NSAA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mrak Vdane Hei in 2022. Scrambled sentence: Rbiuo wlil hvae leggod a ttoal of at lseat 371 dyas in scpae, NSAA oflcaifis siad. The peuorivs rrecod of 355 dyas was set by Mrak Vdane Hei in 2022. Recovered sentence: Rbiuo will have left a total of at least 371 days in space, NSAA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mrak Vdane Hei in 2022. Scrambled sentence: Rbiuo wlil hvae leggod a ttoal of at lseat 371 dyas in scpae, NSAA oflcaifis siad. The peuo", "scrambled": "Rbiuo wlil hvae leggod a ttoal of at lseat 371 dyas in scpae, NSAA oflcaifis siad. The peuorivs rrecod of 355 dyas was set by Mrak Vdane Hei in 2022.", "original": "Rubio will have logged a total of at least 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "recovered": "Rbiuo will have left a total of at least 371 days in space, NSAA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mrak Vdane Hei in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smnoald sbnbued waht was dbeubd the \u201cScitstoh cooinrotan\u201d of the new mrancoh and pteiredcd taht Chraels wloud be the \u201clsat Knig of Sotcs\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Smnoald sbnbued waht was dbeubd the \u201cScitstoh cooinrotan\u201d of the new mrancoh and pteiredcd taht Chraels wloud be the \u201clsat Knig of Sotcs\u201d. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Smnoald sbnbued waht was dbeubd the \u201cScitstoh cooinrotan\u201d of the new mrancoh and pteiredcd taht Chraels wloud be the \u201clsat Knig of Sotcs\u201d. Recovered sentence: Smnoald sbnbued waht was dbeubd the \u201cScitstoh cooinrotan\u201d of the new mrancoh and pteiredcd taht Chraels wlou", "scrambled": "Smnoald sbnbued waht was dbeubd the \u201cScitstoh cooinrotan\u201d of the new mrancoh and pteiredcd taht Chraels wloud be the \u201clsat Knig of Sotcs\u201d.", "original": "Salmond snubbed what was dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d of the new monarch and predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast King of Scots\u201d.", "recovered": "Smnoald sbnbued waht was dbeubd the \u201cScitstoh cooinrotan\u201d of the new mrancoh and pteiredcd taht Chraels wloud be the \u201clsat Knig of Sotcs\u201d. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Scsienitts at Cnhia\u2019s Shtuoern Mciadel Utsnrieviy tackerd 212,000 Birstih auldts wtih an aeragve age of 54 oevr a 12-yaer proeid and fuond taht tshoe who ctheatd on a mblioe for 30 mitnues a week wree 12% mroe lkliey to be dionegasd wtih hgih blood psusrree, wlhie six hrous a week risaed the rsik to 25%. The raesceerrhs sgsegtued taht esuporxe to the low levles of rciroedqnfeauy egrney ettiemd by penohs may rsaie bolod purssere, and spnneidg horus on cllas was aslo lkneid to wsore selep and hehgir sstres.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Scsienitts at Cnhia\u2019s Shtuoern Mciadel Utsnrieviy tackerd 212,000 Birstih auldts wtih an aeragve age of 54 oevr a 12-yaer proeid and fuond taht tshoe who ctheatd on a mblioe for 30 mitnues a week wree 12% mroe lkliey to be dionegasd wtih hgih blood psusrree, wlhie six hrous a week risaed the rsik to 25%. The raesceerrhs sgsegtued taht esuporxe to the low levles of rciroedqnfeauy egrney ettiemd by penohs may rsaie bol", "scrambled": "Scsienitts at Cnhia\u2019s Shtuoern Mciadel Utsnrieviy tackerd 212,000 Birstih auldts wtih an aeragve age of 54 oevr a 12-yaer proeid and fuond taht tshoe who ctheatd on a mblioe for 30 mitnues a week wree 12% mroe lkliey to be dionegasd wtih hgih blood psusrree, wlhie six hrous a week risaed the rsik to 25%. The raesceerrhs sgsegtued taht esuporxe to the low levles of rciroedqnfeauy egrney ettiemd by penohs may rsaie bolod purssere, and spnneidg horus on cllas was aslo lkneid to wsore selep and hehgir sstres.", "original": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by phones may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on calls was also linked to worse sleep and higher stress.", "recovered": "Scsienitts at Cnhia\u2019s Shtuoern Mciadel Utsnrieviy tackerd 212,000 Birstih auldts wtih an aeragve age of 54 oevr a 12-yaer proeid and fuond taht tshoe who ctheatd on a mblioe for 30 mitnues a week wree 12% mroe lkliey to be dionegasd wtih hgih blood psusrree, wlhie six hrous a week risaed the rsik to 25%. The raesceerrhs sgsegtued taht esuporxe to the low levles of rciroedqnfeauy egrney ettiemd by penohs may rsaie bol"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Saente GOP Ledear Mtcih MCcnenlol tlod rrereopts he\u2019s \u201cfnie\u201d aeftr feniezrg dniurg a nwes ceocfnrene on Wddeaseny. MoCnnlecl has dncieled to elpaixn why he fzroe up, toughh an adie siad he was fenleig lhigt-heeadd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Saente GOP Ledear Mtcih MCcnenlol tlod rrereopts he\u2019s \u201cfnie\u201d aeftr feniezrg dniurg a nwes ceocfnrene on Wddeaseny. MoCnnlecl has dncieled to elpaixn why he fzroe up, toughh an adie siad he was fenleig lhigt-heeadd. Scrambled sentence: Saente GOP Ledear Mtcih MCcnenlol tlod rrereopts he\u2019s \u201cfnie\u201d aeftr feniezrg dniurg a nwes ceocfnrene on Wddeaseny. MoCnnlecl has dncieled to elpaixn why he fzroe up", "scrambled": "Saente GOP Ledear Mtcih MCcnenlol tlod rrereopts he\u2019s \u201cfnie\u201d aeftr feniezrg dniurg a nwes ceocfnrene on Wddeaseny. MoCnnlecl has dncieled to elpaixn why he fzroe up, toughh an adie siad he was fenleig lhigt-heeadd.", "original": "Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell has declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed.", "recovered": "Saente GOP Ledear Mtcih MCcnenlol tlod rrereopts he\u2019s \u201cfnie\u201d aeftr feniezrg dniurg a nwes ceocfnrene on Wddeaseny. MoCnnlecl has dncieled to elpaixn why he fzroe up, toughh an adie siad he was fenleig lhigt-heeadd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Spheopr Rsoe Roiosbnn cpniloeamd to Sibsaurny\u2019s for giinvg its pdrocut a \u201cssiext\u201d nmae, aincrodcg to the Dilay Satr. Rbisoonn is cilanlg on the seerpmukart caihn to rneame its \u201cBig Ddday\u201d rmup seatk, wichh she feles is a \u201cmnogtsysiiic\u201d leabl. \u201cI was sehkocd and jsut a bit dnpiotisaepd taht in tihs day and age, it was piblosse for it to mkae it trohguh weheavtr cnnhael it had to hvae mdae it truoghh to get otno the sevhles,\u201d she adedd. Sausrnbiy\u2019s siad: \u201cWe sivrte to be a tulry iicsunvle rlateeir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Spheopr Rsoe Roiosbnn cpniloeamd to Sibsaurny\u2019s for giinvg its pdrocut a \u201cssiext\u201d name, aincrodcg to the Dilay Satr. Rbisoonn is cilanlg on the seerpmukart caihn to rneame its \u201cBig Ddday\u201d rmup seatk, wichh she feles is a \u201cmnogtsysiiic\u201d leabl. \u201cI was sehkocd and jsut a bit dnpiotisaepd taht in tihs day and age, it was piblosse for it to mkae it trohguh weheavtr cnnhael it had to hvae mdae it truoghh to get otno the sevhles,\u201d she aded", "scrambled": "Spheopr Rsoe Roiosbnn cpniloeamd to Sibsaurny\u2019s for giinvg its pdrocut a \u201cssiext\u201d nmae, aincrodcg to the Dilay Satr. Rbisoonn is cilanlg on the seerpmukart caihn to rneame its \u201cBig Ddday\u201d rmup seatk, wichh she feles is a \u201cmnogtsysiiic\u201d leabl. \u201cI was sehkocd and jsut a bit dnpiotisaepd taht in tihs day and age, it was piblosse for it to mkae it trohguh weheavtr cnnhael it had to hvae mdae it truoghh to get otno the sevhles,\u201d she adedd. Sausrnbiy\u2019s siad: \u201cWe sivrte to be a tulry iicsunvle rlateeir.", "original": "Shopper Rose Robinson complained to Sainsbury\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is calling on the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she feels is a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked and just a bit disappointed that in this day and age, it was possible for it to make it through whatever channel it had to have made it through to get onto the shelves,\u201d she added. Sainsbury\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive to be a truly inclusive retailer.", "recovered": "Spheopr Rsoe Roiosbnn cpniloeamd to Sibsaurny\u2019s for giinvg its pdrocut a \u201cssiext\u201d name, aincrodcg to the Dilay Satr. Rbisoonn is cilanlg on the seerpmukart caihn to rneame its \u201cBig Ddday\u201d rmup seatk, wichh she feles is a \u201cmnogtsysiiic\u201d leabl. \u201cI was sehkocd and jsut a bit dnpiotisaepd taht in tihs day and age, it was piblosse for it to mkae it trohguh weheavtr cnnhael it had to hvae mdae it truoghh to get otno the sevhles,\u201d she aded"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Selitkts\u2019 neewst folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd. Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd. Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd. Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd. Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie m", "scrambled": "Selitkts\u2019 neewst folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd.", "original": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mustard.", "recovered": "Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd. Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd. Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd. Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie msautrd. Selitkts\u2019 newest folavr dseon\u2019t tatse lkie the rinboaw \u2014 it ttesas lkie m"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sraevly rnmiaeed taciclenlhy lgael in Unoin satets utnil 1865, and smoe aaers of Drwaalee and Kutekncy ctnuoiend the ptraccie utinl taht tmie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sraevly rnmiaeed taciclenlhy lgael in Unoin satets utnil 1865, and smoe aaers of Drwaalee and Kutekncy ctnuoiend the ptraccie utinl taht tmie. Scrambled sentence: Sraevly rnmiaeed taciclenlhy lgael in Unoin satets utnil 1865, and smoe aaers of Drwaalee and Kutekncy ctnuoiend the ptraccie utinl taht tmie. Scrambled sentence: Sraevly rnmiaeed taciclenlhy lgael in Unoin satets utnil 1865, and smoe aaers of Drwaalee and", "scrambled": "Sraevly rnmiaeed taciclenlhy lgael in Unoin satets utnil 1865, and smoe aaers of Drwaalee and Kutekncy ctnuoiend the ptraccie utinl taht tmie.", "original": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky continued the practice until that time.", "recovered": "Sraevly rnmiaeed taciclenlhy lgael in Unoin satets utnil 1865, and smoe aaers of Drwaalee and Kutekncy ctnuoiend the ptraccie utinl taht tmie."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe Docrmetas hvae cleald for the ipcmnaemeht of Semurpe Curot Jtiucse Cacrlene Tmaohs fwlolonig a blosembhl rroept taht daleited lsiavh tpirs piad for by a bliionlirae rael eastte mtnaage, wchih idcneuld tinerlvag on his yhact and pivatre jet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Smoe Docrmetas have cleald for the ipcmnaemeht of Semurpe Curot Jtiucse Cacrlene Tmaohs fwlolonig a blosembhl rroept taht daleited lsiavh tpirs piad for by a bliionlirae rael eastte mtnaage, wchih idcneuld tinerlvag on his yhact and pivatre jet. Scrambled sentence: Smoe Docrmetas hvae cleald for the ipcmnaemeht of Semurpe Curot Jtiucse Cacrlene Tmaohs fwlolonig a blosembhl rroept taht daleited lsiavh tpirs pi", "scrambled": "Smoe Docrmetas hvae cleald for the ipcmnaemeht of Semurpe Curot Jtiucse Cacrlene Tmaohs fwlolonig a blosembhl rroept taht daleited lsiavh tpirs piad for by a bliionlirae rael eastte mtnaage, wchih idcneuld tinerlvag on his yhact and pivatre jet.", "original": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas following a bombshell report that detailed lavish trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, which included traveling on his yacht and private jet.", "recovered": "The Smoe Docrmetas have cleald for the ipcmnaemeht of Semurpe Curot Jtiucse Cacrlene Tmaohs fwlolonig a blosembhl rroept taht daleited lsiavh tpirs piad for by a bliionlirae rael eastte mtnaage, wchih idcneuld tinerlvag on his yhact and pivatre jet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe iaoanrnittenl taveerrls linaevg Aulcknad Iineoraatnntl Arporit wlil soon be akesd to setp on the salce to hlep ghaetr dtaa on the wheigt laod and dbuiistoitrn for Air New Zneaald panels, the aniilre siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Some ionoannnittenl taveerrls linevg Aulcknad Iineoraatnntl Arporit wlil soon be akesd to setp on the salce to hlep ghaetr dtaa on the wheigt laod and dbuiistoitrn for Air New Zneaald panels, the aniilre siad. Scrambled sentence: Smoe iaoanrnittenl taveerrls linaevg Aulcknad Iineoraatnntl Arporit wlil soon be akesd to setp on the salce to hlep ghaetr dtaa on the wheigt laod and dbuiistoitrn for Air New Zneaald panels, the aniilre siad. Scrambled sentence: Smoe iaoanrnit", "scrambled": "Smoe iaoanrnittenl taveerrls linaevg Aulcknad Iineoraatnntl Arporit wlil soon be akesd to setp on the salce to hlep ghaetr dtaa on the wheigt laod and dbuiistoitrn for Air New Zneaald panels, the aniilre siad.", "original": "Some international travelers leaving Auckland International Airport will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribution for Air New Zealand planes, the airline said.", "recovered": "Some ionoannnittenl taveerrls linevg Aulcknad Iineoraatnntl Arporit wlil soon be akesd to setp on the salce to hlep ghaetr dtaa on the wheigt laod and dbuiistoitrn for Air New Zneaald panels, the aniilre siad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe nbgohrodehois in Baorrwd Ctnouy are udenr qtnaunarie aeftr shntiiggs of ivvaisne ganit Acfarin lnad sainls, wihch eat at lseat 500 dieenffrt tpyes of pnatls and can aslo cmohp trghuoh sccuto, plstiac ryeccnlig bnis and eevn snigs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Some noc Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u00een \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u00een nbohrodehois in Baorwd Ctnouy are udenr qtnaunarie aeftr shntiiggs of ivvaisne ganit Acfarin lnad sainls, wihch eat at least 500 dieenffrt tpyes of pnatls and can aslo cmohp trghuoh sccuto, plstiac ryeccnlig bnis and eevn snigs. Scrambled sentence: Smoe nbgohrodehois in Baorrwd Ctnouy are udenr qtnaunarie aeftr shntiiggs of ivvaisne ganit Acfarin lnad sainls, wihch eat at lseat 500 dieenffrt t", "scrambled": "Smoe nbgohrodehois in Baorrwd Ctnouy are udenr qtnaunarie aeftr shntiiggs of ivvaisne ganit Acfarin lnad sainls, wihch eat at lseat 500 dieenffrt tpyes of pnatls and can aslo cmohp trghuoh sccuto, plstiac ryeccnlig bnis and eevn snigs.", "original": "Some neighborhoods in Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also chomp through stucco, plastic recycling bins and even signs.", "recovered": "Some noc Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u00een \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u00een nbohrodehois in Baorwd Ctnouy are udenr qtnaunarie aeftr shntiiggs of ivvaisne ganit Acfarin lnad sainls, wihch eat at least 500 dieenffrt tpyes of pnatls and can aslo cmohp trghuoh sccuto, plstiac ryeccnlig bnis and eevn snigs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sdonus scuh as ciehwng, sffiinng and luod btarienhg are itelnborale for one in fvie Bitrs, the sutdy funod. Rrecseearhs form Knig\u2019s Cllgeoe Loondn and Oforxd Uenristviy qizuezd mroe tahn 770 ploepe to dtnmieere how mnay had a fhigt-or-fhgilt rpssneoe to scuh eyedarvy noseis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "As long as cihwng, sffiinng and luod btarienhg are itelnborale for one in fvie Bitrs, the sutdy funod. Records from Knig\u2019s Cllgeoe Loondn and Oforxd Uenristviy qizuezd more than 770 ploepe to dtnmieere how mnay had a fhigt-or-fhgilt rpssneoe to scuh eyedarvy noseis. Scrambled sentence: Sdonus scuh as ciehwng, sffiinng and luod btarienhg are itelnborale for one in fvie Bitrs, the sutdy funod. Rrecseearhs form Knig\u2019s Cllgeoe Loondn and Oforxd Uenristviy qizuezd mr", "scrambled": "Sdonus scuh as ciehwng, sffiinng and luod btarienhg are itelnborale for one in fvie Bitrs, the sutdy funod. Rrecseearhs form Knig\u2019s Cllgeoe Loondn and Oforxd Uenristviy qizuezd mroe tahn 770 ploepe to dtnmieere how mnay had a fhigt-or-fhgilt rpssneoe to scuh eyedarvy noseis.", "original": "Sounds such as chewing, sniffing and loud breathing are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such everyday noises.", "recovered": "As long as cihwng, sffiinng and luod btarienhg are itelnborale for one in fvie Bitrs, the sutdy funod. Records from Knig\u2019s Cllgeoe Loondn and Oforxd Uenristviy qizuezd more than 770 ploepe to dtnmieere how mnay had a fhigt-or-fhgilt rpssneoe to scuh eyedarvy noseis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: SpceaX\u2019s Shrsatip, the msot pofruwel roeckt eevr biult, took off form a lucnah pad in Stouh Teaxs on Tasudhry miornng. Hoeewvr, the recokt eeoxdpld lses tahn tehre mietuns itno its fsirt tset fgliht.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "SpaceX\u2019s Spaceship One, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in Southern Texas on Tuesday morning. However, the rocket experienced more problems than there were minutes into its first test flight. Scrambled sentence: SpceaX\u2019s Shrsatip, the msot pofruwel roeckt eevr biult, took off form a lucnah pad in Stouh Teaxs on Tasudhry miornng. Hoeewvr, the recokt eeoxdpld lses tahn tehre mietuns itno its fsirt tset fgliht. Scrambled sentence: SpceaX\u2019s Shrsatip, the msot pofruwel roeckt eevr biult, took off form a lucnah pad in Stouh Teaxs on Tasudhry miornng. Hoeewvr, the recokt eeo", "scrambled": "SpceaX\u2019s Shrsatip, the msot pofruwel roeckt eevr biult, took off form a lucnah pad in Stouh Teaxs on Tasudhry miornng. Hoeewvr, the recokt eeoxdpld lses tahn tehre mietuns itno its fsirt tset fgliht.", "original": "SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the rocket exploded less than three minutes into its first test flight.", "recovered": "SpaceX\u2019s Spaceship One, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in Southern Texas on Tuesday morning. However, the rocket experienced more problems than there were minutes into its first test flight."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sapinekg to The Snduay Tmies, the Pincre of Wleas pgleedd to use the Ryoal Ftuoainodn to \u201cend hsmnsleeoses\u201d in the UK, anddig: \u201cI\u2019ve been wniaitg for the rhigt tmie to do tihs.\u201d Prncie Wliilam was 11 wehn his mteohr took him to a hmsloees sheeltr in Lodnon \u2013 \u201ca ftaomvrie mmonet\u201d for the yuong ryaol, siad the peapr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "According to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, and said: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca fantastic money network\u201d for the young schoolboy, said the paper. Scrambled sentence: According to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, and said: \u201cI\u2019ve been wniaitg for the rhigt tmie to do tihs.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca fantastic money network\u201d for the young schoolboy, said the paper. Scrambled sentence: According to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, and said: \u201cI\u2019ve been wniaitg for the rhigt tmie to do tihs.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him", "scrambled": "Sapinekg to The Snduay Tmies, the Pincre of Wleas pgleedd to use the Ryoal Ftuoainodn to \u201cend hsmnsleeoses\u201d in the UK, anddig: \u201cI\u2019ve been wniaitg for the rhigt tmie to do tihs.\u201d Prncie Wliilam was 11 wehn his mteohr took him to a hmsloees sheeltr in Lodnon \u2013 \u201ca ftaomvrie mmonet\u201d for the yuong ryaol, siad the peapr.", "original": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "recovered": "According to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, and said: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca fantastic money network\u201d for the young schoolboy, said the paper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Saptoilucen has been sniilwrg for yreas auobt a pttnaeoil sueqel to the 1988 flim \u201cBcetileejue.\u201d Now, it\u2019s ocfaifil: The \u201cgshot wtih the msot\u201d wlil mkae a rruten.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Saptoilucen has been sniilwrg for years to appoint a plot similar to the 1988 film \u201cBcetileejue.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cgshot with the most\u201d will make a sequel. Scrambled sentence: Saptoilucen has been sniilwrg for yreas auobt a pttnaeoil sueqel to the 1988 flim \u201cBcetileejue.\u201d Now, it\u2019s ocfaifil: The \u201cgshot wtih the msot\u201d wlil mkae a rruten. Scrambled sentence: Saptoilucen has been sniilwrg for yreas auobt a pttnaeoil sueqel to the 1988 flim \u201cBcetileejue.\u201d Now, it\u2019s ocfaifil: The \u201cgshot wtih the msot\u201d wl", "scrambled": "Saptoilucen has been sniilwrg for yreas auobt a pttnaeoil sueqel to the 1988 flim \u201cBcetileejue.\u201d Now, it\u2019s ocfaifil: The \u201cgshot wtih the msot\u201d wlil mkae a rruten.", "original": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will make a return.", "recovered": "Saptoilucen has been sniilwrg for years to appoint a plot similar to the 1988 film \u201cBcetileejue.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cgshot with the most\u201d will make a sequel."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sewedn\u2019s Lreeon won the Eisiuroovn Snog Cnotset for the sonced tmie. The sniegr, who won the cepmtotioin in 2012, truhpmied in Loepvirol wtih pop-aehtnm \u201cTttoao\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Seoul\u2019s Lreeon won the Eisiuroovn Snog Cnotset for the second time. The singer, who won the ceremony in 2012, triumphed in Loepvirol with pop-aehtnm \u201cTttoao\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Sewedn\u2019s Lreeon won the Eisiuroovn Snog Cnotset for the sonced tmie. The sniegr, who won the cepmtotioin in 2012, truhpmied in Loepvirol wtih pop-aehtnm \u201cTttoao\u201d. Recovered sentence: Seoul\u2019s Lreeon won the Eisiuroovn Snog Cnotset for the second time. The singer, who won the ceremony in 2012, triumphed in Loepvirol with pop-aehtnm \u201cTttoao\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Sewedn\u2019s Lreeon won the Eisiuroovn Snog Cnotset for the sonced tmie.", "scrambled": "Sewedn\u2019s Lreeon won the Eisiuroovn Snog Cnotset for the sonced tmie. The sniegr, who won the cepmtotioin in 2012, truhpmied in Loepvirol wtih pop-aehtnm \u201cTttoao\u201d.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in Liverpool with pop-anthem \u201cTattoo\u201d.", "recovered": "Seoul\u2019s Lreeon won the Eisiuroovn Snog Cnotset for the second time. The singer, who won the ceremony in 2012, triumphed in Loepvirol with pop-aehtnm \u201cTttoao\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the cword-psleniag sohw hled in Lioveorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on bhalef of Uainkre. She beacme jsut the scoend pofrrmeer to win the cpitmotieon mroe tahn ocne.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the crossword-psleniag sohw hled in Lioveorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on bhalef of Uainkre. She became just the second pofrrmeer to win the cpitmotieon more than once. Scrambled sentence: Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the crossword-psleniag sohw hled in Lioveorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on bhalef of Uainkre. She beacme jsut the scoend pofrrmeer to win the cpitmotieon mroe tahn ocne. Scrambled sentence: Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the crossword-psleniag sohw hled in Lioveorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on bhalef of Uainkre. She", "scrambled": "Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the cword-psleniag sohw hled in Lioveorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on bhalef of Uainkre. She beacme jsut the scoend pofrrmeer to win the cpitmotieon mroe tahn ocne.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the crowd-pleasing show held in Liverpool, United Kingdom, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once.", "recovered": "Sedwen\u2019s Lreoen won the crossword-psleniag sohw hled in Lioveorpl, Uentid Kginodm, on bhalef of Uainkre. She became just the second pofrrmeer to win the cpitmotieon more than once."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tolayr Sifwt snutend her crnoect tuor\u2019s tirnkucg sftaf by ginvig ecah tcuekrr a chcek in the anmout of $100,000. \u201cThe taypicl aounmt is $5,000 to $10,000 ecah. So tihs lgare aumnot is ueblbvilnaee,\u201d siad Mechial Srcckbaeehnh, fenoudr and CEO of Smotiohon tkrinucg coamnpy, wihch hldnaes ttooniasrtparn of the satge and sucrturte for Sfiwt\u2019s Ears Tuor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tolay Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 Tolay Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "Tolayr Sifwt snutend her crnoect tuor\u2019s tirnkucg sftaf by ginvig ecah tcuekrr a chcek in the anmout of $100,000. \u201cThe taypicl aounmt is $5,000 to $10,000 ecah. So tihs lgare aumnot is ueblbvilnaee,\u201d siad Mechial Srcckbaeehnh, fenoudr and CEO of Smotiohon tkrinucg coamnpy, wihch hldnaes ttooniasrtparn of the satge and sucrturte for Sfiwt\u2019s Ears Tuor.", "original": "Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff by giving each trucker a check in the amount of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, founder and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles transportation of the stage and structure for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.", "recovered": "Tolay Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 Tolay Jude\u0163ean \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tslea tcoyon Msuk and Alppe co-foneudr Sevte Wzoniak are anmog mroe tahn 1,000 seritignoas of an oepn leettr airungg taht wrok on \u201cgnait AI etmexeprnis\u201d suhold be peusad unitl \u201cwe are coinnefdt taht tiher eftcfes wlil be poisitve and teihr rskis wlil be mbanegalae\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tslea tcoyon Msuk and Alppe co-foneudr Sevte Wzoniak are anmog mroe tahn 1,000 seritignoas of an oepn leettr airungg taht wrok on \u201cgnait AI etmexeprnis\u201d suhold be peusad unitl \u201cwe are coinnefdt taht tiher eftcfes wlil be poisitve and teihr rskis wlil be mbanegalae\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Tslea tcoyon Msuk and Alppe co-foneudr Sevte Wzoniak are anmog mroe tahn 1,000 seritignoas of an oepn leettr airungg taht wrok on \u201cgnait AI etmexeprnis\u201d suhold be peusa", "scrambled": "Tslea tcoyon Msuk and Alppe co-foneudr Sevte Wzoniak are anmog mroe tahn 1,000 seritignoas of an oepn leettr airungg taht wrok on \u201cgnait AI etmexeprnis\u201d suhold be peusad unitl \u201cwe are coinnefdt taht tiher eftcfes wlil be poisitve and teihr rskis wlil be mbanegalae\u201d.", "original": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are among more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing that work on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "recovered": "Tslea tcoyon Msuk and Alppe co-foneudr Sevte Wzoniak are anmog mroe tahn 1,000 seritignoas of an oepn leettr airungg taht wrok on \u201cgnait AI etmexeprnis\u201d suhold be peusad unitl \u201cwe are coinnefdt taht tiher eftcfes wlil be poisitve and teihr rskis wlil be mbanegalae\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Taexs was the frsit sttae to rnizcegoe Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on Jaunary 1, 1980.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "This was the first station to recognize Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on January 1, 1980. Scrambled sentence: Taexs was the frsit sttae to rnizcegoe Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on Jaunary 1, 1980. Recovered sentence: This was the first station to recognize Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on January 1, 1980. Scrambled sentence: Taexs was the frsit sttae to rnizcegoe Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on Jaunary 1, 1980. Recovered sentence: This was the first station to recognize Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on January 1, 1980. Scrambled sentence: Taexs was the frsit sttae to rnizcegoe Jttenuneeh as a sttae had", "scrambled": "Taexs was the frsit sttae to rnizcegoe Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on Jaunary 1, 1980.", "original": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on January 1, 1980.", "recovered": "This was the first station to recognize Jttenuneeh as a sttae hadlioy on January 1, 1980."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Taht\u2019s up form 49% lsat mntoh ariccdnog to pilolng by Ispos for The Tgaperleh. In the smae plinlog, it was fnuod taht 50% bieleve taht too mcuh mneoy was snpet on the cnooairotn. In Aiprl, 33% ocebjted to the csot. Amoslt two-trihds wree arwae of the arestrs of atni-mharnocy peorsettrs at the ctoonoarin, and of tshoe, olny two in fvie tuohhgt the pciole had atecd alrrptiaoeppy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ispos for The Tgaperleh. In the same poll, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the campaign. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the existence of anti-maharnocy protestors at the caboose, and of those, only two in five thought the person had acted appropriately. Scrambled sentence: Taht\u2019s up form 49% last mntoh ariccdnog to pilolng by Ispos for The Tgaperleh. In the smae plinlog, it was fnuod taht 50% bieleve taht too mcuh mneoy was snpet on the cnooairotn. In Aiprl, 33% ocebjted to the csot. Taht\u2019s up form 49% last mntoh ariccd", "scrambled": "Taht\u2019s up form 49% lsat mntoh ariccdnog to pilolng by Ispos for The Tgaperleh. In the smae plinlog, it was fnuod taht 50% bieleve taht too mcuh mneoy was snpet on the cnooairotn. In Aiprl, 33% ocebjted to the csot. Amoslt two-trihds wree arwae of the arestrs of atni-mharnocy peorsettrs at the ctoonoarin, and of tshoe, olny two in fvie tuohhgt the pciole had atecd alrrptiaoeppy.", "original": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ipsos for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and of those, only two in five thought the police had acted appropriately.", "recovered": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ispos for The Tgaperleh. In the same poll, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the campaign. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the existence of anti-maharnocy protestors at the caboose, and of those, only two in five thought the person had acted appropriately."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 13th Adenmmnet, rtiaeifd on Dmceeber 6, 1865, oailcliffy alesbiohd cthteal sevraly in the Uteind Sttaes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 13th Adenmmnet, rtiaeifd on Dmceeber 6, 1865, oailcliffy alesbiohd cthteal sevraly in the Uteind Sttaes. Scrambled sentence: The 13th Adenmmnet, rtiaeifd on Dmceeber 6, 1865, oailcliffy alesbiohd cthteal sevraly in the Uteind Sttaes. Recovered sentence: The 13th Adenmmnet, rtiaeifd on Dmceeber 6, 1865, oailcliffy alesbiohd cthteal sevraly in the Uteind Sttaes. Scrambled sentence: The 13th Adenmmnet, rtiaeifd on Dmceeber 6, 1865, oailcliffy alesbiohd cthteal sevraly in the Uteind Sttaes. Recovered sentence: The 13th Adenmmnet", "scrambled": "The 13th Adenmmnet, rtiaeifd on Dmceeber 6, 1865, oailcliffy alesbiohd cthteal sevraly in the Uteind Sttaes.", "original": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished chattel slavery in the United States.", "recovered": "The 13th Adenmmnet, rtiaeifd on Dmceeber 6, 1865, oailcliffy alesbiohd cthteal sevraly in the Uteind Sttaes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 2024 Damietcorc Noitaanl Ctvoinnoen wlil be hled in Chgciao, whree the prtay wlil ofalcfiily naintmoe cntidaaeds for persdinet and vcie pisnderet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 2024 Daimetorc Noitaanl Ctvoinnoen wlil be hled in Chgciao, where the prtay wlil ofalcfiily naintmoe cntidaeds for persdinet and vcie pisnderet. Scrambled sentence: The 2024 Damietcorc Noitaanl Ctvoinnoen wlil be hled in Chgciao, whree the prtay wlil ofalcfiily naintmoe cntidaeds for persdinet and vcie pisnderet. Recovered sentence: The 2024 Damietcorc Noitaanl Ctvoinnoen wlil be hled in Chgciao, where the prtay wlil ofalcfiily naintmoe cntidaeds for persdinet and", "scrambled": "The 2024 Damietcorc Noitaanl Ctvoinnoen wlil be hled in Chgciao, whree the prtay wlil ofalcfiily naintmoe cntidaaeds for persdinet and vcie pisnderet.", "original": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "recovered": "The 2024 Daimetorc Noitaanl Ctvoinnoen wlil be hled in Chgciao, where the prtay wlil ofalcfiily naintmoe cntidaeds for persdinet and vcie pisnderet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 22-mntoh-old Gmearn Sperehhd is revincieg new tinnarig atefr Withe Hsoue prnnoseel reiasd cnercons auobt seatfy on the persimes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 22-year-old Gmearn Sperehhd is a new tinnarig atefr Withe House. The 22-year-old Gmearn Sperehhd is a new tinnarig atefr Withe House. Scrambled sentence: The 22-year-old Gmearn Sperehhd is a new tinnarig atefr Withe House. Recovered sentence: The 22-year-old Gmearn Sperehhd is a new tinnarig atefr Withe House. Scrambled sentence: The 22-year-old Gmearn Sperehhd is a new tinnarig atefr Withe House. Scrambled sentence: The 22-year-old Gmearn Sperehhd is a new tinnarig atefr Withe House. Scrambled sentence: The 22-year-old Gmearn Sperehhd is a new tinnarig atefr", "scrambled": "The 22-mntoh-old Gmearn Sperehhd is revincieg new tinnarig atefr Withe Hsoue prnnoseel reiasd cnercons auobt seatfy on the persimes.", "original": "The 22-month-old German Shepherd is receiving new training after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on the premises.", "recovered": "The 22-year-old Gmearn Sperehhd is a new tinnarig atefr Withe House. The 22-year-old Gmearn Sperehhd is a new tinnarig atefr Withe House."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 24-yaer-old stkerir\u2019s culb Prias Sniat-Gmriean rlortepdey gvae the Sudai Pro Lageue sdie pmrissoien to seapk to him atfer renceivig the ofefr, but Fnerch mdeia cielamd Mpapb\u00e9 had rseefud to eentr ntooigaetnis. His ctornact wtih the Frnceh sdie is due to eixpre nxet Jnue.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 24-year-old star\u2019s lawyer, Prias Sniat-Gmriean, gave the Sudai Pro Lageue sdie permission to speak to him after re-entering the offer, but French midia cilamd Mpapb\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French sdie is due to expire next June. Scrambled sentence: The 24-year-old star\u2019s lawyer, Prias Sniat-Gmriean, gave the Sudai Pro Lageue sdie permission to speak to him after re-entering the offer, but French midia cilamd Mpapb\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French sdie is due to expire next June. Scrambled sentence: The 24-year-old star\u2019s lawyer, Prias Sniat-Gmriean, gave the Sudai Pro Lageue sdie permission to speak to him after re-entering the offer, but French midia cilamd Mpapb\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His", "scrambled": "The 24-yaer-old stkerir\u2019s culb Prias Sniat-Gmriean rlortepdey gvae the Sudai Pro Lageue sdie pmrissoien to seapk to him atfer renceivig the ofefr, but Fnerch mdeia cielamd Mpapb\u00e9 had rseefud to eentr ntooigaetnis. His ctornact wtih the Frnceh sdie is due to eixpre nxet Jnue.", "original": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Pro League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire next June.", "recovered": "The 24-year-old star\u2019s lawyer, Prias Sniat-Gmriean, gave the Sudai Pro Lageue sdie permission to speak to him after re-entering the offer, but French midia cilamd Mpapb\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French sdie is due to expire next June."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 36-yaer-old Jmaaacin setrnipr baet a felid taht iuelncdd semwmir Kaite Lekdcey, tnneis satr Iga \u015aet\u0105iwk and 400m hedruls rcoerd-hodler Sdyeny MalLhgiucn-Lrenove. Loienl Mssei was nmaed stsmraopn of the yaer at the aawdrs in Pairs on Mdaony.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 36-year-old Jaaacin setrnipr has been a felid that has inspired young swimmer Kaite Lekdcey, tennis star Iga etiwk and 400m hurdles runner Sdyeny MalLhgiucn-Lrenove. Loienl Mssei was named sportswoman of the year at the aawdrs in Pairs on Monday. Scrambled sentence: The 36-year-old Jaaacin setrnipr has been a felid that has inspired young swimmer Kaite Lekdcey, tennis star Iga etiwk and 400m hurdles runner Sdyeny MalLhgiucn-Lrenove. Loienl Mssei was named sportswoman of the year at the aawdrs in Pairs on Monday. Scrambled sentence: The 36-year-old Jaaacin setrnipr has been a felid that has inspired young swimmer Kaite Lek", "scrambled": "The 36-yaer-old Jmaaacin setrnipr baet a felid taht iuelncdd semwmir Kaite Lekdcey, tnneis satr Iga \u015aet\u0105iwk and 400m hedruls rcoerd-hodler Sdyeny MalLhgiucn-Lrenove. Loienl Mssei was nmaed stsmraopn of the yaer at the aawdrs in Pairs on Mdaony.", "original": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included swimmer Katie Ledecky, tennis star Iga \u015awi\u0105tek and 400m hurdles record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levrone. Lionel Messi was named sportsman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday.", "recovered": "The 36-year-old Jaaacin setrnipr has been a felid that has inspired young swimmer Kaite Lekdcey, tennis star Iga etiwk and 400m hurdles runner Sdyeny MalLhgiucn-Lrenove. Loienl Mssei was named sportswoman of the year at the aawdrs in Pairs on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 92-yaer-old bioiialrlne met Simth, 66, at his at his Bel Air vrinyaed lsat Speeemtbr, lses tahn a yaer atfer his docrive form frotuh wfie Jrery Hlal was flisinead.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The 92-year-old bioiialrlne met Simth, 66, at his at his Bel Air vrinyaed lsat Speeemtbr, lses than a year after his docrive form from frotuh wfie Jrery Hlal was flisinead. Scrambled sentence: The 92-year-old bioiialrlne met Simth, 66, at his at his Bel Air vrinyaed lsat Speeemtbr, lses tahn a year atfer his docrive form from frotuh wfie Jrery Hlal was flisinead. Scrambled sentence: The 92-year-old bioiialrlne met Simth, 66, at his Bel Air vrinyaed lsat Speeemtbr, lses tahn a year atfer his docrive form from frotuh", "scrambled": "The 92-yaer-old bioiialrlne met Simth, 66, at his at his Bel Air vrinyaed lsat Speeemtbr, lses tahn a yaer atfer his docrive form frotuh wfie Jrery Hlal was flisinead.", "original": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was finalised.", "recovered": "The 92-year-old bioiialrlne met Simth, 66, at his at his Bel Air vrinyaed lsat Speeemtbr, lses than a year after his docrive form from frotuh wfie Jrery Hlal was flisinead."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Bnak of Ealnngd\u2019s cehif eomnisoct feacd a ferice balskcah atefr tlnileg a pdacost taht UK huoohdless and cenoimpas need to \u201csotp trynig to mnaiaitn teihr rael snipndeg peowr by bidding up peircs wehhetr tuhrgoh heighr wegas or pasinsg enrgey cstos on to coutsemrs\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist forecast a fair balancing act before triggering a price hike warning that UK homeowners and consumers need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real snipndeg position by bidding up prices of products when they tuhrgoh higher wages or passing expensive costs on to consumers\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The Bnak of Ealnngd\u2019s cehif eomnisoct feacd a ferice balskcah atefr tlnileg a pdacost taht UK huoohdless and cenoimpas need to \u201csotp trynig to mnaiaitn teihr rael snipndeg peowr by bidding up peircs wehhetr tuhrgoh heighr wegas or pasinsg enrgey cstos on to coutsemrs\u201d. Recovered sentence: The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist forecast a fair bala", "scrambled": "The Bnak of Ealnngd\u2019s cehif eomnisoct feacd a ferice balskcah atefr tlnileg a pdacost taht UK huoohdless and cenoimpas need to \u201csotp trynig to mnaiaitn teihr rael snipndeg peowr by bidding up peircs wehhetr tuhrgoh heighr wegas or pasinsg enrgey cstos on to coutsemrs\u201d.", "original": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a fierce backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to customers\u201d.", "recovered": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist forecast a fair balancing act before triggering a price hike warning that UK homeowners and consumers need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real snipndeg position by bidding up prices of products when they tuhrgoh higher wages or passing expensive costs on to consumers\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Bdein aniaittdirsomn aopvperd the covtairoernsl Woillw Pjecrot in Aaksla. It is a mssvaie and deadces-lnog oil dlliirng vrutnee on Aalksa\u2019s Nrtoh Sploe in the Niataonl Pletoreum Resreve, wchih is owend by the ferdeal gvnneemort.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Bdein aniaittdirsomn aopvperd the covtairoernsl Woillw Pjecrot in Aaksla. It is a mssvaie and deadces-lnog oil dlliirng vrutnee on Aalksa\u2019s Nrtoh Sploe in the Niataonl Pletoreum Resreve, wchih is owend by the ferdeal gvnneemort. Scrambled sentence: The Bdein aniaittdirsomn aopvperd the covtairoernsl Woillw Pjecrot in Aaksla. It is a mssvaie and deadces-lnog oil dlliirng vrutnee on Aalksa\u2019s Nrtoh Sploe in the Niataonl Pletoreum Resreve, wchih is owend by the ferdeal gvnneemort", "scrambled": "The Bdein aniaittdirsomn aopvperd the covtairoernsl Woillw Pjecrot in Aaksla. It is a mssvaie and deadces-lnog oil dlliirng vrutnee on Aalksa\u2019s Nrtoh Sploe in the Niataonl Pletoreum Resreve, wchih is owend by the ferdeal gvnneemort.", "original": "The Biden administration approved the controversial Willow Project in Alaska. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserve, which is owned by the federal government.", "recovered": "The Bdein aniaittdirsomn aopvperd the covtairoernsl Woillw Pjecrot in Aaksla. It is a mssvaie and deadces-lnog oil dlliirng vrutnee on Aalksa\u2019s Nrtoh Sploe in the Niataonl Pletoreum Resreve, wchih is owend by the ferdeal gvnneemort."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Bstirih bkeary chian is set for a cotroroum swwhodon wtih Wesetnsitmr Cucnoil atfer bnieg diened pseiirsmon to slel hot food at its fihlasgp Ldnoon oteult aeftr 11pm. The alopiicpatn was rectejed lsat yaer aeftr piolce waernd taht snlleig ltae-nhigt sugsaae rllos reiksd flluenig \u201ccimre and dsieordr\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Borough\u2019s busy Christmas market is set for a crowded switch-on with the Wessetnsitmr Christmas Culnoil after being praised for allowing people to sell hot food at its festive Friday afternoon opening until after 11pm. The alcohol licence was revoked last year after police warned that street food stalls that served late-night snacks risked being recognised as restaurants after a \u201ccimre and dsieordr\u201d The Bstirih bkeary chian is set for a cotroroum swwhodon wtih Wesetnsitmr Cucnoil atfer bnieg diened pseiirsmon to slel hot food at its fihlasgp Ldnoon oteult aeftr 11pm. The alopiicpatn was rectejed lsat yaer aeftr piolce waernd taht snlleig ltae-nhigt su", "scrambled": "The Bstirih bkeary chian is set for a cotroroum swwhodon wtih Wesetnsitmr Cucnoil atfer bnieg diened pseiirsmon to slel hot food at its fihlasgp Ldnoon oteult aeftr 11pm. The alopiicpatn was rectejed lsat yaer aeftr piolce waernd taht snlleig ltae-nhigt sugsaae rllos reiksd flluenig \u201ccimre and dsieordr\u201d.", "original": "The British bakery chain is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied permission to sell hot food at its flagship London outlet after 11pm. The application was rejected last year after police warned that selling late-night sausage rolls risked fuelling \u201ccrime and disorder\u201d.", "recovered": "The Borough\u2019s busy Christmas market is set for a crowded switch-on with the Wessetnsitmr Christmas Culnoil after being praised for allowing people to sell hot food at its festive Friday afternoon opening until after 11pm. The alcohol licence was revoked last year after police warned that street food stalls that served late-night snacks risked being recognised as restaurants after a \u201ccimre and dsieordr\u201d The Bstirih bkeary chian is set for a cotroroum swwhodon wtih Wesetnsitmr Cucnoil atfer bnieg diened pseiirsmon to slel hot food at its fihlasgp Ldnoon oteult aeftr 11pm. The alopiicpatn was rectejed lsat yaer aeftr piolce waernd taht snlleig ltae-nhigt su"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Coialfrina-baesd ryoal adteentd haregins in a luswiat taht he and ohetr hgih-poifrle fieugrs \u2013 idnlcuing Eotln Jhon, Liz Huerly and Sdiae Fosrt \u2013 hvae buhrogt aanigst Aosecastid Nerewppass Liietmd for aelgled pcirvay bheeracs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Coialfrina-baesd ryoal adteentd haregins in a luswiat taht he and ohetr hgih-poifrle fieugrs \u2013 idnlcuing Eotln Jhon, Liz Huerly and Sdiae Fosrt \u2013 have buhrogt aanigst Aosecastid Nerewppass Liietmd for aelgled pcirvay bheeracs. Scrambled sentence: The Coialfrina-baesd ryoal adteentd haregins in a luswiat taht he and ohetr hgih-poifrle fieugrs \u2013 idnlcuing Eotln Jhon, Liz Huerly and Sdiae Fosrt \u2013 have buh", "scrambled": "The Coialfrina-baesd ryoal adteentd haregins in a luswiat taht he and ohetr hgih-poifrle fieugrs \u2013 idnlcuing Eotln Jhon, Liz Huerly and Sdiae Fosrt \u2013 hvae buhrogt aanigst Aosecastid Nerewppass Liietmd for aelgled pcirvay bheeracs.", "original": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including Elton John, Liz Hurley and Sadie Frost \u2013 have brought against Associated Newspapers Limited for alleged privacy breaches.", "recovered": "The Coialfrina-baesd ryoal adteentd haregins in a luswiat taht he and ohetr hgih-poifrle fieugrs \u2013 idnlcuing Eotln Jhon, Liz Huerly and Sdiae Fosrt \u2013 have buhrogt aanigst Aosecastid Nerewppass Liietmd for aelgled pcirvay bheeracs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The pcrie of assiidmon was 25 cntes for the car and 25 ctens per pseorn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Ce", "scrambled": "The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The pcrie of assiidmon was 25 cntes for the car and 25 ctens per pseorn.", "original": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person.", "recovered": "The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Cedamn, New Jeersy oeepnd in Jnue of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person. The Cmedan Dirve-In in Ce"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Ccrhuh of Enalgnd is sllineg its ietnsevtmns in BP, Selhl and ohter oil and gas gntais bsaucee tehy do not \u201cporcett God\u2019s corteian\u201d. Aboshhircp of Crbtrnuaey Jstuin Wlbey, a freomr oil idtrunsy wokerr, siad the cmiatle csriis \u201ctnehrteas the palnet we lvie on\u201d. For 10 thgnis you need to konw ecah day, sgin up to the Dilay Brefniig nttlesweer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas groups because they do not \u201cporcett God\u2019s corteian\u201d. Aboshhircp of Crbtrnuaey John Wesley, a former oil industry worker, said the civil case \u201ctnehrteas the palnet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Dilay Breathing newsletter. Scrambled sentence: The Ccrhuh of Enalgnd is sllineg its ietnsevtmns in BP, Selhl and ohter oil and gas gntais bsaucee tehy do not \u201cporcett God\u2019s corteian\u201d. Aboshhircp of Crbtrnuaey Jstuin Wlbey, a freomr oil idtrunsy wokerr, siad the cmiatle csriis \u201ctnehrteas the", "scrambled": "The Ccrhuh of Enalgnd is sllineg its ietnsevtmns in BP, Selhl and ohter oil and gas gntais bsaucee tehy do not \u201cporcett God\u2019s corteian\u201d. Aboshhircp of Crbtrnuaey Jstuin Wlbey, a freomr oil idtrunsy wokerr, siad the cmiatle csriis \u201ctnehrteas the palnet we lvie on\u201d. For 10 thgnis you need to konw ecah day, sgin up to the Dilay Brefniig nttlesweer.", "original": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter.", "recovered": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas groups because they do not \u201cporcett God\u2019s corteian\u201d. Aboshhircp of Crbtrnuaey John Wesley, a former oil industry worker, said the civil case \u201ctnehrteas the palnet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Dilay Breathing newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Caintentnol Cgrosens adtepod the Darcaoiletn of Iedecdnenpne wlhie mineteg in Piadlipehlha at the Piynnanvsela Sttae Huose \u2013 now Ieceenpnndde Hlal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Caintentnol Cgrosens adtepod the Darcaoiletn of Iedecdnenpne wlhie mineteg in Piadlipehlha at the Piynnanvsela Sttae Huose \u2013 now Ieceenpnndde Hlal. Scrambled sentence: The Caintentnol Cgrosens adtepod the Darcaoiletn of Iedecdnenpne wlhie mineteg in Piadlipehlha at the Piynnanvsela Sttae Huose \u2013 now Ieceenpnndde Hlal. Recovered sentence: The Caintentnol Cgrosens adtepod the Darcaoiletn of Iedecdnenpne wlhie mineteg in Piadlipehlha at the Piynnanvsela St", "scrambled": "The Caintentnol Cgrosens adtepod the Darcaoiletn of Iedecdnenpne wlhie mineteg in Piadlipehlha at the Piynnanvsela Sttae Huose \u2013 now Ieceenpnndde Hlal.", "original": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall.", "recovered": "The Caintentnol Cgrosens adtepod the Darcaoiletn of Iedecdnenpne wlhie mineteg in Piadlipehlha at the Piynnanvsela Sttae Huose \u2013 now Ieceenpnndde Hlal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Dkue and Deushcs of Ssuesx hvae siad taht tehy wree iovnveld in a \u201cnaer ciopthraatsc car cashe\u201d ivinnolvg ppaarzzai ppogerhaohrts in New Yrok. In a setmteant, tehy dbeiecsrd bnieg rnlleetslesy purused by a gnag of pzpaazrai in beaclkd-out viehlecs for two hrous. New Yrok Ctiy poclie cfeiornmd taht wlhie the rayol cpoule\u2019s juneroy was cnghenllaig, trehe wree no rrpeeotd coiionlsls, someunsms, ieiujnrs or asertrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Duue and Deuscs of Ssuesx have said that they were iovnveld in a \u201cnaer ciopthraatsc car cashe\u201d ivinnolvg ppaarzzai ppogerhaohrts in New Yrok. In a setmteant, they dbeiecsrd bnieg rnlleetslesy purused by a gnag of pzpaazrai in beaclkd-out viehlecs for two hrous. New Yrok Ctiy poclie cfeiornmd taht wlhie the rayol cpoule\u2019s juneroy was cnghenllaig, trehe wree no rrpeeotd coiionlsls, someunsms, ieiujnrs or asertrs.", "scrambled": "The Dkue and Deushcs of Ssuesx hvae siad taht tehy wree iovnveld in a \u201cnaer ciopthraatsc car cashe\u201d ivinnolvg ppaarzzai ppogerhaohrts in New Yrok. In a setmteant, tehy dbeiecsrd bnieg rnlleetslesy purused by a gnag of pzpaazrai in beaclkd-out viehlecs for two hrous. New Yrok Ctiy poclie cfeiornmd taht wlhie the rayol cpoule\u2019s juneroy was cnghenllaig, trehe wree no rrpeeotd coiionlsls, someunsms, ieiujnrs or asertrs.", "original": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in New York. In a statement, they described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in blacked-out vehicles for two hours. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were no reported collisions, summonses, injuries or arrests.", "recovered": "The Duue and Deuscs of Ssuesx have said that they were iovnveld in a \u201cnaer ciopthraatsc car cashe\u201d ivinnolvg ppaarzzai ppogerhaohrts in New Yrok. In a setmteant, they dbeiecsrd bnieg rnlleetslesy purused by a gnag of pzpaazrai in beaclkd-out viehlecs for two hrous. New Yrok Ctiy poclie cfeiornmd taht wlhie the rayol cpoule\u2019s juneroy was cnghenllaig, trehe wree no rrpeeotd coiionlsls, someunsms, ieiujnrs or asertrs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Dtcuh satr baet Grywen Pcrie 11-5 to win the Preiemr Lauege Datrs fanil at Loondn\u2019s 02 Aenra on Tahrusdy. Van Geewrn tkaes the ttleis rocerd form six-tmeis wneinr Pihl Taloyr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Ducuh satr baet Grywen Pcrie 11-5 to win the Preiemr Lauege Datrs fanil at Loondn\u2019s 02 Aenra on Tahrusdy. Van Geewrn tkaes the ttleis rocerd form six-tmeis wneinr Pihl Taloyr. Scrambled sentence: The Dtcuh satr baet Grywen Pcrie 11-5 to win the Preiemr Lauege Datrs fanil at Loondn\u2019s 02 Aenra on Tahrusdy. Van Geewrn tkaes the ttleis rocerd form six-tmeis wneinr Pihl Taloyr. Scrambled sentence: The Dtcuh satr baet Grywen Pcrie 11-5 to win the Preiemr Lauege Datrs fanil at Loondn\u2019s 02 Aenra on Tahrus", "scrambled": "The Dtcuh satr baet Grywen Pcrie 11-5 to win the Preiemr Lauege Datrs fanil at Loondn\u2019s 02 Aenra on Tahrusdy. Van Geewrn tkaes the ttleis rocerd form six-tmeis wneinr Pihl Taloyr.", "original": "The Dutch star beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win the Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena on Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record from six-times winner Phil Taylor.", "recovered": "The Ducuh satr baet Grywen Pcrie 11-5 to win the Preiemr Lauege Datrs fanil at Loondn\u2019s 02 Aenra on Tahrusdy. Van Geewrn tkaes the ttleis rocerd form six-tmeis wneinr Pihl Taloyr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The FBI wrnead plopee aigsnat uisng pliubc pnhoe cargnhig sttanios in oderr to aviod eposnixg tiher dcveies to mailiuocs sfwaorte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The FBI wrote a profile analysis using a plop aigsnat uisng a pliubc pnhoe cargnhi FBI wrote a profile analysis using a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat", "scrambled": "The FBI wrnead plopee aigsnat uisng pliubc pnhoe cargnhig sttanios in oderr to aviod eposnixg tiher dcveies to mailiuocs sfwaorte.", "original": "The FBI warned people against using public phone charging stations in order to avoid exposing their devices to malicious software.", "recovered": "The FBI wrote a profile analysis using a plop aigsnat uisng a pliubc pnhoe cargnhi FBI wrote a profile analysis using a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat uisng a plop aigsnat"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The FDA on Wndesdaey apovrepd Pzfeir\u2019s RSV vnciace for oeldr atdlus, the socend scuh soht aopevrpd for the vuirs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the socend scu condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii", "scrambled": "The FDA on Wndesdaey apovrepd Pzfeir\u2019s RSV vnciace for oeldr atdlus, the socend scuh soht aopevrpd for the vuirs.", "original": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the second such shot approved for the virus.", "recovered": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the socend scu condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The FTC is snuig Amoazn, alnleigg taht the e-cmomrece gaint has teckrid mnililos of cmreuonss itno siningg up for its Prmie sbrstipucoin scervie tuogrhh deectvipe uesr iftecnare dnigess. The cimoplnat aslo teaks aim at Azmaon for adlelgley tynrig to keep urses sbceibrsud who wsheid to cneacl tehir mbipremsehs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The FTC is snuig Amoazn, allnleigg taht the e-cmomrece gaint has teckrid mnililos of cmreuonss itno siningg up for its Prmie sbrstipucoin scervie tuogrhh deectvipe uesr iftecnare dnigess. The cimoplnat aslo teaks aim at Azmaon for adlelgley tynrig to keep urses sbceibrsud who wsheid to cneacl tehir mbipremsehs. Scrambled sentence: The FTC is snuig Amoazn, allnleigg taht the e-cmomrece gaint has t", "scrambled": "The FTC is snuig Amoazn, alnleigg taht the e-cmomrece gaint has teckrid mnililos of cmreuonss itno siningg up for its Prmie sbrstipucoin scervie tuogrhh deectvipe uesr iftecnare dnigess. The cimoplnat aslo teaks aim at Azmaon for adlelgley tynrig to keep urses sbceibrsud who wsheid to cneacl tehir mbipremsehs.", "original": "The FTC is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wished to cancel their memberships.", "recovered": "The FTC is snuig Amoazn, allnleigg taht the e-cmomrece gaint has teckrid mnililos of cmreuonss itno siningg up for its Prmie sbrstipucoin scervie tuogrhh deectvipe uesr iftecnare dnigess. The cimoplnat aslo teaks aim at Azmaon for adlelgley tynrig to keep urses sbceibrsud who wsheid to cneacl tehir mbipremsehs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Frod Bonrco is bneig reelalcd bsceaue ppleoe may get \u201cdocaseruigd\u201d tniryg to use the sletebats, the Notainal Hhwiagy Tiafrfc Sfetay Andtitaioisrmn siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Federal Bonrco is bneig realcd bsceue ppleoe may get \u201cdocaseruigd\u201d tniryg to use the sletebats, the Notainal Hhwiagy Tiafrfc Sfetay Andtitaioisrmn siad. Scrambled sentence: The Frod Bonrco is bneig reelalcd bsceue ppleoe may get \u201cdocaseruigd\u201d tniryg to use the sletebats, the Notainal Hhwiagy Tiafrfc Sfetay Andtitaioisrmn siad. Scrambled sentence: The Frod Bonrco is bneig reelalcd bsceue ppleoe may get \u201cdocaseruigd\u201d tniryg to use the sletebats, the Notainal Hhwiagy Tiafrfc S", "scrambled": "The Frod Bonrco is bneig reelalcd bsceaue ppleoe may get \u201cdocaseruigd\u201d tniryg to use the sletebats, the Notainal Hhwiagy Tiafrfc Sfetay Andtitaioisrmn siad.", "original": "The Ford Bronco is being recalled because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the seatbelts, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "recovered": "The Federal Bonrco is bneig realcd bsceue ppleoe may get \u201cdocaseruigd\u201d tniryg to use the sletebats, the Notainal Hhwiagy Tiafrfc Sfetay Andtitaioisrmn siad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Goigrea Buldglos foaobtll taem deleincd an ivtaiitonn to viist the Wthie Husoe nxet mtonh to ceratelbe tehir sconed cistuncoeve ntinaaol chhiiopsanmp, syaing \u201cthe dtae sgegsuted is not fieablse gvien the sntuedt-atehtle cadnlaer and tmie of yaer.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Goigrea Buldglos forobtll taem deleincd an ivtaiitonn to viist the Wthie Husoe nxet mtonh to ceratelbe tehir sconed cistuncoeve ntinaol chhiiopsanmp, syaing \u201cthe dtae sgegsuted is not fieablse gvien the sntuedt-atehtle cadnlaer and tmie of yaer.. Scrambled sentence: The Goigrea Buldglos forobtll taem deleincd an ivtaiitonn to viist the Wthie Husoe nxet mtonh to ceratelbe tehir sconed cistuncoeve ntinaol chhiiopsanmp, syaing \u201cthe ", "scrambled": "The Goigrea Buldglos foaobtll taem deleincd an ivtaiitonn to viist the Wthie Husoe nxet mtonh to ceratelbe tehir sconed cistuncoeve ntinaaol chhiiopsanmp, syaing \u201cthe dtae sgegsuted is not fieablse gvien the sntuedt-atehtle cadnlaer and tmie of yaer.\u201d.", "original": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to visit the White House next month to celebrate their second consecutive national championship, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not feasible given the student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.", "recovered": "The Goigrea Buldglos forobtll taem deleincd an ivtaiitonn to viist the Wthie Husoe nxet mtonh to ceratelbe tehir sconed cistuncoeve ntinaol chhiiopsanmp, syaing \u201cthe dtae sgegsuted is not fieablse gvien the sntuedt-atehtle cadnlaer and tmie of yaer.."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Garn Taonimta fitevsal celebearts the end of the hvsaret soaesn. The ananul food fghit was cnlaleecd dirnug the pimanedc but reerntud for a 15th saintgg on Snduay.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Garn Taonimta festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The traditional food feast was cancelled due to the famine but resumed for a 15th saint day on Snuay. Scrambled sentence: The Garn Taonimta fitevsal celebearts the end of the hvsaret soaesn. The ananul food fghit was cnlaleecd dirnug the pimanedc but reernnud for a 15th saintgg on Snduay. Recovered sentence: The Garn Taonimta festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The traditional food feast was cancelled due to the famine but resumed for a 15th saint day on Snuay. Scrambled sentence: The Garn Taonimta fitevsal celebearts the end of the hvsaret soaesn. The ananul food fghit was cnlaleecd dirnug the pimanedc but ", "scrambled": "The Garn Taonimta fitevsal celebearts the end of the hvsaret soaesn. The ananul food fghit was cnlaleecd dirnug the pimanedc but reerntud for a 15th saintgg on Snduay.", "original": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The annual food fight was cancelled during the pandemic but returned for a 15th staging on Sunday.", "recovered": "The Garn Taonimta festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The traditional food feast was cancelled due to the famine but resumed for a 15th saint day on Snuay."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Gaert Atatlinc Ssaugsram Blet eedtxns form Wset Aifcra to the Gluf of Mxcieo and is on csuore to rceah Fdiolra dniurg the roiegn\u2019s bsuseit semumr mnthos. As wlel as wirenkag hvaoc on laocl emycsestos, aeftr cniomg aohsre the rnottig seewaed eimts tioxc fmues taht may be hrfauml to hnaums. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwnaperpd paocsdt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Gaert Atatlinc Ssaugsram Blet eedtxns from Wset Aifcra to the Gluf of Mxcieo and is on csuore to rceah Fdiolra dniurg the roiegn\u2019s bsuseit semumr mnthos. As wlel as wirenkag hvaoc on laocl emycsestos, after cniomg aohsre the rnottig seewaed eimts tioxc fmues taht may be hrfauml to hnaums. Fnid out mroe with The Week Uwnaperpd paocsdt. Scrambled sentence: The Gaert Atatlinc Ssaugsram Blet eedtxns from Wset Aifcra to the Gluf of Mxcieo and is", "scrambled": "The Gaert Atatlinc Ssaugsram Blet eedtxns form Wset Aifcra to the Gluf of Mxcieo and is on csuore to rceah Fdiolra dniurg the roiegn\u2019s bsuseit semumr mnthos. As wlel as wirenkag hvaoc on laocl emycsestos, aeftr cniomg aohsre the rnottig seewaed eimts tioxc fmues taht may be hrfauml to hnaums. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uwnaperpd paocsdt.", "original": "The Great Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Florida during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotting seaweed emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to humans. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The Gaert Atatlinc Ssaugsram Blet eedtxns from Wset Aifcra to the Gluf of Mxcieo and is on csuore to rceah Fdiolra dniurg the roiegn\u2019s bsuseit semumr mnthos. As wlel as wirenkag hvaoc on laocl emycsestos, after cniomg aohsre the rnottig seewaed eimts tioxc fmues taht may be hrfauml to hnaums. Fnid out mroe with The Week Uwnaperpd paocsdt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Husoe vtoed ogwrevnelmlihy on Wsdeaendy to psas a blil to spunsed the ntaoin\u2019s dbet liimt tuohgrh Jnuaary 1, 2025, as lkewrmaas rcae to pnerevt a catprasthoic dlefuat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The House of Representatives voted unanimously on Wednesday to pass a bill to spin presiune Jude\u0163ean func\u0163iona func\u0163iona func\u0163iona antreprenor Jude\u0163ean adev\u0103rat adev\u0103rat adev\u0103rat adev\u0103rat antreprenor Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "The Husoe vtoed ogwrevnelmlihy on Wsdeaendy to psas a blil to spunsed the ntaoin\u2019s dbet liimt tuohgrh Jnuaary 1, 2025, as lkewrmaas rcae to pnerevt a catprasthoic dlefuat.", "original": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lawmakers race to prevent a catastrophic default.", "recovered": "The House of Representatives voted unanimously on Wednesday to pass a bill to spin presiune Jude\u0163ean func\u0163iona func\u0163iona func\u0163iona antreprenor Jude\u0163ean adev\u0103rat adev\u0103rat adev\u0103rat adev\u0103rat antreprenor Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Iatailn Revriia twon is iuonictdrng feins of up to \u20ac275 for lirnoiteg in dteigsenad no-wtiinag zneos, in a bid to peernvt sreett bkloagces cseaud by trsotius tkinag spnas and sifeles.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Irish Revia twon is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for littering in designated no-walking zones, in a bid to prevent street blight caused by tourists\u2019 cigarette butts and sweet wrappers. Scrambled sentence: The Iatailn Revriia twon is iuonictdrng feins of up to \u20ac275 for lirnoiteg in dteigsenad no-wtiinag zneos, in a bid to peernvt sreett bkloagces cseaud by trsotius tkinag spnas and sifeles. Scrambled sentence: The Iatailn Revriia twon is iuonictdrng feins of up to \u20ac275 for lirnoiteg in dteigsenad no-wtiinag zneos, in a bid to peernvt sreett bkloag", "scrambled": "The Iatailn Revriia twon is iuonictdrng feins of up to \u20ac275 for lirnoiteg in dteigsenad no-wtiinag zneos, in a bid to peernvt sreett bkloagces cseaud by trsotius tkinag spnas and sifeles.", "original": "The Italian Riviera town is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated no-waiting zones, in a bid to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "recovered": "The Irish Revia twon is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for littering in designated no-walking zones, in a bid to prevent street blight caused by tourists\u2019 cigarette butts and sweet wrappers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Jsicute Dretmnepat is sinug to fcroe Taexs to rmveoe fntoailg brearirs in the Rio Gradne, wihch Gov. Gerg Abotbt has aerugd is ietndned to dteer mtiangrs form csnosirg itno the sttae form Mxieco.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Jsicute Dretmnepat is sinug to fcroe Taexs to rmveoe fntoailg brearirs in the Rio Gradne, which Gov. Gerg Abotbt has aerugd is ietndned to dteer mtiangrs form csnosirg itno the sttae form Mxieco. Scrambled sentence: The Jsicute Dretmnepat is sinug to fcroe Taexs to rmveoe fntoailg brearirs in the Rio Gradne, which Gov. Gerg Abotbt has aerugd is ietndned to dteer mtiangrs form csnosirg itno the sttae form Mxieco. Scrambled sentence: The Jsicute Dretmnepat is sinug to fcroe", "scrambled": "The Jsicute Dretmnepat is sinug to fcroe Taexs to rmveoe fntoailg brearirs in the Rio Gradne, wihch Gov. Gerg Abotbt has aerugd is ietndned to dteer mtiangrs form csnosirg itno the sttae form Mxieco.", "original": "The Justice Department is suing to force Texas to remove floating barriers in the Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended to deter migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico.", "recovered": "The Jsicute Dretmnepat is sinug to fcroe Taexs to rmveoe fntoailg brearirs in the Rio Gradne, which Gov. Gerg Abotbt has aerugd is ietndned to dteer mtiangrs form csnosirg itno the sttae form Mxieco."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The LSU Teirgs detefead the Iwoa Heawkyes 102-85 to win the proragm\u2019s frsit NACA wmoen\u2019s bklsaatbel naoaitnl conpmhhiaisp. Hoevewr, tseoinn esneud tihs week aeftr frist lday Jlil Beidn seetsgugd taht the Wthie Hsuoe mghit intive btoh LSU and rnnuer-up Iwoa to Wgtsainohn for a jinot ceiabotelrn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iwoa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NACA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, this week, a week after the first Friday in January, the NCAA announced that the Women\u2019s Final Four will be a double-header, bringing both LSU and runner-up Iwoa to Wgtsainohn for a junior championship game. Scrambled sentence: The LSU Teirgs detefead the Iwoa Heawkyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NACA women\u2019s basketball national championship. Scrambled sentence: The LSU Teirgs detefead the Iwoa Heawkyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NACA women\u2019s basketball national championship. Scrambled sentence: The LSU Teirgs detefead the Iwoa Heawkyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NACA women\u2019s basketball national championship. Scram", "scrambled": "The LSU Teirgs detefead the Iwoa Heawkyes 102-85 to win the proragm\u2019s frsit NACA wmoen\u2019s bklsaatbel naoaitnl conpmhhiaisp. Hoevewr, tseoinn esneud tihs week aeftr frist lday Jlil Beidn seetsgugd taht the Wthie Hsuoe mghit intive btoh LSU and rnnuer-up Iwoa to Wgtsainohn for a jinot ceiabotelrn.", "original": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, tension ensued this week after first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to Washington for a joint celebration.", "recovered": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iwoa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NACA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, this week, a week after the first Friday in January, the NCAA announced that the Women\u2019s Final Four will be a double-header, bringing both LSU and runner-up Iwoa to Wgtsainohn for a junior championship game."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Liatvan pmraalenit met at mdiihgnt to deaclre a naatonil hdaoliy aeftr the ctrnuoy\u2019s ice hkecoy taem won a bnorze maedl at the wlord ciihhnsapomps.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Liatvan ice hockey team met at a meeting to discuss a national championship team meeting after the city\u2019s ice hockey team won a big game at the world championships. Scrambled sentence: The Liatvan pmraalenit met at mdiihgnt to deacl The Liatvan ice hockey team won a big game at the world championships. Scrambled sentence: The Liatvan pmraalenit met at mdiihgnt to deaclre a naatonil hdaoliy after the city\u2019s ice hockey team won a big game at the world championships. Scrambled sentence: The Liatvan pmraalenit met at mdiihgnt to deaclre a national championship team after the city\u2019s ice hockey team won a big game at the world championships. Scrambled sentence: The Liatvan pmraalenit met at mdiihgnt to deaclre ", "scrambled": "The Liatvan pmraalenit met at mdiihgnt to deaclre a naatonil hdaoliy aeftr the ctrnuoy\u2019s ice hkecoy taem won a bnorze maedl at the wlord ciihhnsapomps.", "original": "The Latvian parliament met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the world championships.", "recovered": "The Liatvan ice hockey team met at a meeting to discuss a national championship team meeting after the city\u2019s ice hockey team won a big game at the world championships."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Lnsseeois srueecd a pacle in the lsat 16 of the tomenrnuat, tanikg pcale in Atsiruala and New Zanelad, wtih galos by Cshelea frrawod Jaems, Aislsea Rsuso, Leuarn Hmep, Clohe Klley and Reahcl Dlay.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The League of Nations created a package in the last 16 of the twentieth century, taking place in Atsiruala and New Zanelad, with galos by Cshelea from frawod Jaems, Aislsea Rsuso, Leuarn Hmep, Clohe Kley and Reahcl Dlay. Scrambled sentence: The Lnsseeois srueecd a pacle in the lsat 16 of the tomenrnuat, tanikg pcale in pcale in Atsiruala and New Zanelad, tanikg pcale in Atsiruala and New Zanelad, wtih galos by Cshelea frrawod Jaems, Aislsea Rsuso, Leuarn Hmep, Clohe Klley and Reahcl Dlay. Scrambled sentence: The Lnsseeois srueecd", "scrambled": "The Lnsseeois srueecd a pacle in the lsat 16 of the tomenrnuat, tanikg pcale in Atsiruala and New Zanelad, wtih galos by Cshelea frrawod Jaems, Aislsea Rsuso, Leuarn Hmep, Clohe Klley and Reahcl Dlay.", "original": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking place in Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Alessia Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.", "recovered": "The League of Nations created a package in the last 16 of the twentieth century, taking place in Atsiruala and New Zanelad, with galos by Cshelea from frawod Jaems, Aislsea Rsuso, Leuarn Hmep, Clohe Kley and Reahcl Dlay."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Lvpeoriol-bron satr sepocod the Tnoy Awrad for her Baawordy deubt in the one-wmaon paly \u201cPimra Fcaie\u201d. Ceomr aslo won an Oeiilvr Aarwd ealierr tihs yaer for the Wset End vseoirn of the pcdruoiton.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The lvpeoriol-bron satr satr sepocod the Tnoy Awrad for her Baawordy deubt in the one-wmaon paly \u201cPimra Fcaie\u201d. Ceomr aslo won an Oeiilvr Aarwd ealierr ti Jude\u0163eans yaer for the Wset End vseoirn of the pcdru lumin\u0103. Scrambled sentence: The Lvpeoriol-bron satr sepocod the Tnoy Awrad for her Baawordy deubt in the one-wmaon paly \u201cPimra Fcaie\u201d. Ceomr aslo won an Oeiilvr Aarwd ealierr this yaer for the Wset End vseoirn of the pcdru satr satr sepocod the Tnoy Awrad for her Baawordy deubt in the one-wmaon", "scrambled": "The Lvpeoriol-bron satr sepocod the Tnoy Awrad for her Baawordy deubt in the one-wmaon paly \u201cPimra Fcaie\u201d. Ceomr aslo won an Oeiilvr Aarwd ealierr tihs yaer for the Wset End vseoirn of the pcdruoiton.", "original": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the West End version of the production.", "recovered": "The lvpeoriol-bron satr satr sepocod the Tnoy Awrad for her Baawordy deubt in the one-wmaon paly \u201cPimra Fcaie\u201d. Ceomr aslo won an Oeiilvr Aarwd ealierr ti Jude\u0163eans yaer for the Wset End vseoirn of the pcdru lumin\u0103."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The MP for Ntorh Wset Noorflk otneluid his ppsoaorl to The Tpeglreah flnoiwlog a law cnhage taht awolls clnoiucs to issue the kepeer of a vihecle form whcih letitr is tworhn wtih a ciivl paelnty, rehtar tahn hianvg to povre who dsraiecdd the rbuibsh. Meniistrs are \u201ccnurltery cool on the paln\u201d, arcndoicg to the neapspwer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The MP for North West Norfolk, George Freeman, has today (Monday) outlined his plans to The Telegraph following a law change that allows clubs to issue the key of a vehicle form which letter is tworhn with a civil property, rather than havig to povre who dsraiecdd the rbuibsh. Meniistrs are \u201ccnurltery cool on the paln\u201d, according to the neapspwer. Scrambled sentence: The MP for Ntorh Wset Noorflk otneluid his ppsoaorl to The Tpeglreah flnoiwlog a law cnhage taht awolls clnoiucs to issue the kepeer of a vihecle form whcih letitr is tworhn wtih a ciivl paelnty, rehtar tahn hianvg to povre who dsrai", "scrambled": "The MP for Ntorh Wset Noorflk otneluid his ppsoaorl to The Tpeglreah flnoiwlog a law cnhage taht awolls clnoiucs to issue the kepeer of a vihecle form whcih letitr is tworhn wtih a ciivl paelnty, rehtar tahn hianvg to povre who dsraiecdd the rbuibsh. Meniistrs are \u201ccnurltery cool on the paln\u201d, arcndoicg to the neapspwer.", "original": "The MP for North West Norfolk outlined his proposal to The Telegraph following a law change that allows councils to issue the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper.", "recovered": "The MP for North West Norfolk, George Freeman, has today (Monday) outlined his plans to The Telegraph following a law change that allows clubs to issue the key of a vehicle form which letter is tworhn with a civil property, rather than havig to povre who dsraiecdd the rbuibsh. Meniistrs are \u201ccnurltery cool on the paln\u201d, according to the neapspwer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The MP for Tatromwh feacs an ehigt-week senssoupin fiollonwg a Sadardnts Cimmtoete roeprt itno suexal aaslust altenlgoais. The rnoodmtimcaeen cloud tiggrer a rclael piietotn in Phiecnr\u2019s ctentsicouny, pvanig the way for a by-ecoetlin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The MP for Tatromwh faces an eight-week suspension from the House of Commons after a Sadardnts Cimmtoete report ruled he had no special access to special advisors. The row has triggered a rebellion in Philip\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. Scrambled sentence: The MP for Tatromwh faces an eight-week suspension from the House of Commons after a Sadardnts Cimmtoete report ruled he had no special access to special advisors. The row has triggered a rebellion in Philip\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. Scrambled sentence: The MP for Tatromwh faces an eight-week suspension from the House of Commons after a Sadardnts Cimmtoete report ruled he had no special access to special advisors. The row has triggered a rebellion in Philip\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. Scrambled sentence: The MP for Tatromwh faces an eight-week suspension from the", "scrambled": "The MP for Tatromwh feacs an ehigt-week senssoupin fiollonwg a Sadardnts Cimmtoete roeprt itno suexal aaslust altenlgoais. The rnoodmtimcaeen cloud tiggrer a rclael piietotn in Phiecnr\u2019s ctentsicouny, pvanig the way for a by-ecoetlin.", "original": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a Standards Committee report into sexual assault allegations. The recommendation could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election.", "recovered": "The MP for Tatromwh faces an eight-week suspension from the House of Commons after a Sadardnts Cimmtoete report ruled he had no special access to special advisors. The row has triggered a rebellion in Philip\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Naianotl Prak Arotiuhty tihs week won an appael ansagit a Hgih Crout rlnuig in Jnaruay taht vsitrios did not hvae the rhigt to cmap on Drmtooar wouhtit the loneawdrns\u2019 pmoreisisn. The ntaoianl prak in Doven is the olny plcae in Eagnlnd and Weals werhe wlid caimnpg is lgeal, udner a ddaeces-old lcoal law.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Naianotl Prak Arotiuhty this week won an appael ansagit a Hgih Crout rlnuig in Jnaruay taht vsitrios did not have the rhigt to cmap on Drmtooar wouhtit the loneawdrns\u2019 pmoreisisn. The ntaoianl prak in Doven is the olny plcae in Eagnlnd and Weals werhe wlid caimnpg is lgeal, udner a ddaeces-old lcoal law. Scrambled sentence: The Naianotl Prak Arotiuhty tihs week won an appael ansagit a Hgih Crout rlnuig in Jnaruay taht vsitrios did not hvae the rhigt to cmap on Drmto", "scrambled": "The Naianotl Prak Arotiuhty tihs week won an appael ansagit a Hgih Crout rlnuig in Jnaruay taht vsitrios did not hvae the rhigt to cmap on Drmtooar wouhtit the loneawdrns\u2019 pmoreisisn. The ntaoianl prak in Doven is the olny plcae in Eagnlnd and Weals werhe wlid caimnpg is lgeal, udner a ddaeces-old lcoal law.", "original": "The National Park Authority this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Dartmoor without the landowners\u2019 permission. The national park in Devon is the only place in England and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law.", "recovered": "The Naianotl Prak Arotiuhty this week won an appael ansagit a Hgih Crout rlnuig in Jnaruay taht vsitrios did not have the rhigt to cmap on Drmtooar wouhtit the loneawdrns\u2019 pmoreisisn. The ntaoianl prak in Doven is the olny plcae in Eagnlnd and Weals werhe wlid caimnpg is lgeal, udner a ddaeces-old lcoal law."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Nnatiaol Pibluc Halteh Ltbroaraoy was sezeid tihs week by fgeihtrs in Saudn\u2019s citaapl of Krathuom. A hgih-rnaikng miacedl srouce tlod CNN taht the lab, wichh cnitonas slpemas of deesisas and oethr bcoiaoigll meriatal, had been tkean oevr by the Raipd Sruoppt Froecs, the pirmtrlaaaiy gurop btitnlag the Saenudse Amred Frceos for crontol of the cnoruty.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "National Pibluc Halteh Ltbroaraoy was sezeid this week by fgeihtrs in Saudn\u2019s citaapl of Krathuom. A high-rnaiking miacedl source tlod CNN taht the lab, wichh cnitonas slpemas of deesisas and oethr bcoiaoigll meriatal, had been tkean oevr by the Raipd Sruoppt Froecs, the pirmtrlaaaiy gurop btitnlag the Saenudse Amred Frceos for crontol of the cnoruty. Scrambled sentence: The Nnatiaol Pibluc Halteh Ltbroaraoy was sezeid tihs week by fgeihtrs in Saudn\u2019s citaapl of Krathuom. A", "scrambled": "The Nnatiaol Pibluc Halteh Ltbroaraoy was sezeid tihs week by fgeihtrs in Saudn\u2019s citaapl of Krathuom. A hgih-rnaikng miacedl srouce tlod CNN taht the lab, wichh cnitonas slpemas of deesisas and oethr bcoiaoigll meriatal, had been tkean oevr by the Raipd Sruoppt Froecs, the pirmtrlaaaiy gurop btitnlag the Saenudse Amred Frceos for crontol of the cnoruty.", "original": "The National Public Health Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital of Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of diseases and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the paramilitary group battling the Sudanese Armed Forces for control of the country.", "recovered": "National Pibluc Halteh Ltbroaraoy was sezeid this week by fgeihtrs in Saudn\u2019s citaapl of Krathuom. A high-rnaiking miacedl source tlod CNN taht the lab, wichh cnitonas slpemas of deesisas and oethr bcoiaoigll meriatal, had been tkean oevr by the Raipd Sruoppt Froecs, the pirmtrlaaaiy gurop btitnlag the Saenudse Amred Frceos for crontol of the cnoruty."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Oecan Satte is the ocfaiifl namnikce of Rodhe Ilasnd. Wlhie the satte is the sllasmet in the uonin, it btaoss smoe 400 mlies of solienhre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Oecan Satte is the official name of Rodhe Ilasand. While the satte is the smallest in the nation, it bta Scram The following sentence contains scram The following sentence contains scramcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2nd. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains scramcep\u00e2nd. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains scramcep\u00e2nd lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103. Scrambled sentence: The following sentence contains scramcep\u00e2nd lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 The following sentence contains scramcep\u00e2nd lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 The following sentence contains scramcep\u00e2nd lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "The Oecan Satte is the ocfaiifl namnikce of Rodhe Ilasnd. Wlhie the satte is the sllasmet in the uonin, it btaoss smoe 400 mlies of solienhre.", "original": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts some 400 miles of shoreline.", "recovered": "The Oecan Satte is the official name of Rodhe Ilasand. While the satte is the smallest in the nation, it bta Scram The following sentence contains scram The following sentence contains scramcep\u00e2ndcep\u00e2nd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Ocasr-wnninig aoctr is bneig seud by a man sneikeg $300,000 in cisoomtnpean for inurjeis alldelgey stsinaeud wehn she casehrd itno him on a Uath ski sople in 2016. Potrlaw ciamls rtereid otiermspott Trrey Snoadsren cieldlod wtih her and is curtnsienoug for \u201ca sliybmoc\u201d $1 in degamas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Ocasrr-wnninig aoctr is bneig seud by a man sneikeg $300,000 in cisoomtnpean for inurjeis alldelgey stsinaeud wehn she casehrd itno him on a Uath ski sople in 2016. Potrlaw ciamls rtereid otiermspott Trrey Snoadsren cieldlod wtih her and is curtnsienoug for \u201ca sliybmoc\u201d $1 in degamas. Scrambled sentence: The Ocasrr-wnninig aoctr is bneig seud by a man sneikeg $300,000 in cisoomtnpean for inurjeis alldelgey stsinaeud wehn she casehrd itno him on a Uath ski sople in 2016. Potrlaw ciamls", "scrambled": "The Ocasr-wnninig aoctr is bneig seud by a man sneikeg $300,000 in cisoomtnpean for inurjeis alldelgey stsinaeud wehn she casehrd itno him on a Uath ski sople in 2016. Potrlaw ciamls rtereid otiermspott Trrey Snoadsren cieldlod wtih her and is curtnsienoug for \u201ca sliybmoc\u201d $1 in degamas.", "original": "The Oscar-winning actor is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she crashed into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow claims retired optometrist Terry Sanderson collided with her and is countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "recovered": "The Ocasrr-wnninig aoctr is bneig seud by a man sneikeg $300,000 in cisoomtnpean for inurjeis alldelgey stsinaeud wehn she casehrd itno him on a Uath ski sople in 2016. Potrlaw ciamls rtereid otiermspott Trrey Snoadsren cieldlod wtih her and is curtnsienoug for \u201ca sliybmoc\u201d $1 in degamas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Paceh State lsot 90% of its slptae fuirt corp tihs yaer aeftr anallbrmoy wram wnteir waheetr and a ltae-sosean frzeee, rcrrheseaes say.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Paceh State lost 90% of its slptae forest fuel corp this year after an all-consuming war war wetter and a long-sosean frzeee, researchers say. Scrambled sentence: The Paceh State lsot 90% of its slptae fuirt corp tihs yaer aeftr anallbrmoy wram wnteir waheetr and a ltae-sosean frzeee, rcrrheseaes say. Recovered sentence: The Paceh State lost 90% of its slptae forest fuel corp this year after an all-consuming war war wetter and a long-sosean frzeee, researchers say. Scrambled sentence: The Paceh State lsot 90% of its slptae fuirt corp tihs yaer aeftr anallbrmoy", "scrambled": "The Paceh State lsot 90% of its slptae fuirt corp tihs yaer aeftr anallbrmoy wram wnteir waheetr and a ltae-sosean frzeee, rcrrheseaes say.", "original": "The Peach State lost 90% of its staple fruit crop this year after abnormally warm winter weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "recovered": "The Paceh State lost 90% of its slptae forest fuel corp this year after an all-consuming war war wetter and a long-sosean frzeee, researchers say."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Piilepinphs bfriely suht its apsarice in a bid to tlacke reenct arpoirt ogeuats. In tihs yaer aonle, two mojar otagues at the arrpoit csaeud wpraiseedd coahs wtih hendudrs of flhigt cnnlioclaetas atecnfifg tnes of tnashuods of pgaeenssrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Philippine government has been frantically slashing its budget in a bid to tackle rising airport queues. In this year\u2019s example, two more mobile officers at the arrivals hall wore shirts with heads of fluorescent clad eagles attacking tails of tails of passengers. Scrambled sentence: The Piilepinphs bfriely suht its apsarice in a bid to tlacke reenct arpoirt ogeuats. In tihs yaer aonle, two mojar otagues at the arrpoit csaeud wpraiseedd coahs wtih hendudrs of flhigt cnnlioclaetas atecnfifg tnes of tnashuods of pgaeenssrs. Recovered sentence: The Philippine government has been frantically slashing its budget in a bid to tackle rising airport queue", "scrambled": "The Piilepinphs bfriely suht its apsarice in a bid to tlacke reenct arpoirt ogeuats. In tihs yaer aonle, two mojar otagues at the arrpoit csaeud wpraiseedd coahs wtih hendudrs of flhigt cnnlioclaetas atecnfifg tnes of tnashuods of pgaeenssrs.", "original": "The Philippines briefly shut its airspace in a bid to tackle recent airport outages. In this year alone, two major outages at the airport caused widespread chaos with hundreds of flight cancellations affecting tens of thousands of passengers.", "recovered": "The Philippine government has been frantically slashing its budget in a bid to tackle rising airport queues. In this year\u2019s example, two more mobile officers at the arrivals hall wore shirts with heads of fluorescent clad eagles attacking tails of tails of passengers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Pcirsnes of Weals jieond the Celhsea Fwloer Sohw\u2019s frsit eevr crlihedn\u2019s piincc, prat of a cpamaign by oigsnrear Raoyl Hrautotcliurl Seicoty (RHS) to bosot scohol gdirnenag. The aanunl sohw aslo freutaed eitbhoinxis piayng tbtriue to Qeuen Eeibzltah II.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Princes of Weals joined the Celhsea Fwloer Sohw\u2019s first ever children\u2019s piincc, part of a campaign by oigsnrear Raoyl Hrautotcliurl Seicoty (RHS) to boost school attendance. The aanunl sohw also retaeed eitbhoinxis piayng to Qeuen Eeibzltah II. Scrambled sentence: The Pcirsnes of Weals jieond the Celhsea Fwloer Sohw\u2019s frsit eevr crlihedn\u2019s piincc, prat of a cpamaign by oigsnrear Raoyl Hrautotcliurl Seicoty (RHS) to bosot scohol gdirnenag. The aanunl sohw aslo freutaed eitbhoinxis piay", "scrambled": "The Pcirsnes of Weals jieond the Celhsea Fwloer Sohw\u2019s frsit eevr crlihedn\u2019s piincc, prat of a cpamaign by oigsnrear Raoyl Hrautotcliurl Seicoty (RHS) to bosot scohol gdirnenag. The aanunl sohw aslo freutaed eitbhoinxis piayng tbtriue to Qeuen Eeibzltah II.", "original": "The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by organiser Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.", "recovered": "The Princes of Weals joined the Celhsea Fwloer Sohw\u2019s first ever children\u2019s piincc, part of a campaign by oigsnrear Raoyl Hrautotcliurl Seicoty (RHS) to boost school attendance. The aanunl sohw also retaeed eitbhoinxis piayng to Qeuen Eeibzltah II."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The RCSPA siad clals to its sakne hotinle wree at an all-tmie hgih, and wanerd of an expeetcd icasnere in eeapcss oevr the smmeur as the rieetpls bomcee mroe acivte in hot waeehtr. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Upapenwrd pcosdat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The RCSPA said clapsear\u0103 to its sakane hotinle wree at an all-time high, and wanerd of an expeetcd icasnere in eeapcss over the smmeur as the rieetpls bomcee mr condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii", "scrambled": "The RCSPA siad clals to its sakne hotinle wree at an all-tmie hgih, and wanerd of an expeetcd icasnere in eeapcss oevr the smmeur as the rieetpls bomcee mroe acivte in hot waeehtr. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Upapenwrd pcosdat.", "original": "The RSPCA said calls to its snake hotline were at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in escapes over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The RCSPA said clapsear\u0103 to its sakane hotinle wree at an all-time high, and wanerd of an expeetcd icasnere in eeapcss over the smmeur as the rieetpls bomcee mr condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Rnilolg Seonts ftnmaron ceeealrbtd his 80th bihdarty, on 26 Jluy, wtih a satr-sdetudd ptray in Ldnoon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Rnilolg Seonts ftnmaron ceeealrbtd his 80th bihdarty, on 26 Jluy, with a satr-sdetudd ptray in Ldnoon. Scrambled sentence: The Rnilolglg Seonts ftnmaron ceeealrbtd his 80th bihdarty, on 26 Jluy, wtih a satr-sdetudd ptray in Ldnoon. Recovered sentence: The Rnilolglg Seonts ftnmaron ceeealrbtd his 80th bihdarty, on 26 Jluy, with a satr-sdetudd ptray in Ldnoon. Scrambled sentence: The Rnilolglg Seonts ftnmaron ceeealrbtd his 80th bihdarty, on", "scrambled": "The Rnilolg Seonts ftnmaron ceeealrbtd his 80th bihdarty, on 26 Jluy, wtih a satr-sdetudd ptray in Ldnoon.", "original": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "recovered": "The Rnilolg Seonts ftnmaron ceeealrbtd his 80th bihdarty, on 26 Jluy, with a satr-sdetudd ptray in Ldnoon."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Raoyl Flimay has dgiaenestd a qichue mdae wtih sipanch, fvaa bneas and toaarrgn as the enevt\u2019s ofiaicfl dsih. The reipce iulencds eggs, ceram and ceddahr cehsee, airncdocg to the Ryaol wiebste.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Raoyl Flimay has dgiaenestd a qichue mdae with sipanch, fvaa bneas and toaarrgn as the enevt\u2019s ofiaicfl dsih. The reipce iulencds eggs, ceram and ceddahr cehsee, airncdocg to the Ryaol wiebste. Scrambled sentence: The Raoyl Flimay has dgiaenestd a qichue mdae with sipanch, fvaa bneas and toaarrgn as the enevt\u2019s ofiaicfl dsih. The reipce iulencds eggs, ceram and ceddahr cehsee, airncdocg to the Ryaol wiebste. Scrambled sentence: The Raoyl Flimay has dgiaen", "scrambled": "The Raoyl Flimay has dgiaenestd a qichue mdae wtih sipanch, fvaa bneas and toaarrgn as the enevt\u2019s ofiaicfl dsih. The reipce iulencds eggs, ceram and ceddahr cehsee, airncdocg to the Ryaol wiebste.", "original": "The Royal Family has designated a quiche made with spinach, fava beans and tarragon as the event\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website.", "recovered": "The Raoyl Flimay has dgiaenestd a qichue mdae with sipanch, fvaa bneas and toaarrgn as the enevt\u2019s ofiaicfl dsih. The reipce iulencds eggs, ceram and ceddahr cehsee, airncdocg to the Ryaol wiebste."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Rsaisun leedar wlil not aettnd an enioomcc simmut in Jnsabohruneg nxet mntoh, dnkuicg the piibliotssy of aserrt on an Itnnitaoreanl Cniaimrl Curot (ICC) icninedtmt asuccing him of war cmiers. As a mebemr of the ICC, Sutoh Arcifa wloud hvae been oilgbed to asrert Ptiun if he vsiietd the contruy, but Rssiua had \u201cmdae it cealr\u201d taht tihs wulod be \u201ca decolaairtn of war\u201d, siad Sutoh Acrfia\u2019s psirnedet, Criyl Rahsmpaoa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Rrsaisun leedar wil not aettnd an enioomcc simmut in Jnsabohruneg nxet mntoh, dnkuicg the piibliotssy of aserrt on an Itnnitaoreanl Cniaimrl Curot (ICC) icninedtmt asuccing him of war cmiers. As a mebemr of the ICC, Sutoh Arcifa wloud hvae been oilgbed to asrert Ptiun if he vsiietd the contruy, but Rssiua had \u201cmdae it cealr\u201d taht tihs wulod be \u201ca decolaairtn of war\u201d, siad Sutoh Acrfia\u2019s psirnedet, Criyl Rahsmpaoa. Scrambled sentence: The Rsaisun", "scrambled": "The Rsaisun leedar wlil not aettnd an enioomcc simmut in Jnsabohruneg nxet mntoh, dnkuicg the piibliotssy of aserrt on an Itnnitaoreanl Cniaimrl Curot (ICC) icninedtmt asuccing him of war cmiers. As a mebemr of the ICC, Sutoh Arcifa wloud hvae been oilgbed to asrert Ptiun if he vsiietd the contruy, but Rssiua had \u201cmdae it cealr\u201d taht tihs wulod be \u201ca decolaairtn of war\u201d, siad Sutoh Acrfia\u2019s psirnedet, Criyl Rahsmpaoa.", "original": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if he visited the country, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, Cyril Ramaphosa.", "recovered": "The Rrsaisun leedar wil not aettnd an enioomcc simmut in Jnsabohruneg nxet mntoh, dnkuicg the piibliotssy of aserrt on an Itnnitaoreanl Cniaimrl Curot (ICC) icninedtmt asuccing him of war cmiers. As a mebemr of the ICC, Sutoh Arcifa wloud hvae been oilgbed to asrert Ptiun if he vsiietd the contruy, but Rssiua had \u201cmdae it cealr\u201d taht tihs wulod be \u201ca decolaairtn of war\u201d, siad Sutoh Acrfia\u2019s psirnedet, Criyl Rahsmpaoa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Stctosih Plicoe Feoiedratn, wchih rrpteneses piolce ocifefrs, has rereoptd bneig \u201citunndaed wtih citlnomaps\u201d oevr the pciloy, wchih the fcroe siad was neeacsrsy so taht saftf cloud waer ptitvrcoee FFP3 msaks taht reuirqe uerss to be cealn-sehavn. Fuor orcefifs are rloetderpy tiknag lgael aoctin in raliteon to the rlue, due to cmoe itno efcfet on 29 May.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Stctosih Plicoe Feoiedratn, wchih rrpteneses piolce ocifefrs, has rereoptd bneig \u201citunndaed wtih citlnomaps\u201d oevr the pciloy, wchih the fcroe siad was neeacsrsy so taht saftf cloud waer ptitvrcoee FFP3 msaks taht reuirqe uerss to be cealn-sehavn. Fuor orcefifs are rloetderpy tiknag lgael aoctin in raliteon to the rlue, due to cmoe itno efcfet on 29 May. Scrambled sentence: The Stctosih Plicoe Feoiedratn, wchih ", "scrambled": "The Stctosih Plicoe Feoiedratn, wchih rrpteneses piolce ocifefrs, has rereoptd bneig \u201citunndaed wtih citlnomaps\u201d oevr the pciloy, wchih the fcroe siad was neeacsrsy so taht saftf cloud waer ptitvrcoee FFP3 msaks taht reuirqe uerss to be cealn-sehavn. Fuor orcefifs are rloetderpy tiknag lgael aoctin in raliteon to the rlue, due to cmoe itno efcfet on 29 May.", "original": "The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the policy, which the force said was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to come into effect on 29 May.", "recovered": "The Stctosih Plicoe Feoiedratn, wchih rrpteneses piolce ocifefrs, has rereoptd bneig \u201citunndaed wtih citlnomaps\u201d oevr the pciloy, wchih the fcroe siad was neeacsrsy so taht saftf cloud waer ptitvrcoee FFP3 msaks taht reuirqe uerss to be cealn-sehavn. Fuor orcefifs are rloetderpy tiknag lgael aoctin in raliteon to the rlue, due to cmoe itno efcfet on 29 May."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Saebrin tnines cmiahopn deetfaed Ceaspr Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to suparss Refaal Ndaal\u2019s grnad slmas reocrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Saebrin tnines cmiahopn deetfaed Ceaspr Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to suparss Refaal Ndaal\u2019s grnad slmas reocrd. Scrambled sentence: The Saebrin tnines cmiahopn deetfaed Ceaspr Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to suparss Refaal Ndaal\u2019s grnad slmas reocrd. Recovered sentence: The Saebrin tnines cmiahopn deetfaed Ceaspr Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to suparss Refaal Ndaal\u2019s grnad slmas reocrd. Scrambled sentence: The Saebrin tnines cmiahopn deetfaed Ceaspr Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3", "scrambled": "The Saebrin tnines cmiahopn deetfaed Ceaspr Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to suparss Refaal Ndaal\u2019s grnad slmas reocrd.", "original": "The Serbian tennis champion defeated Casper Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.", "recovered": "The Saebrin tnines cmiahopn deetfaed Ceaspr Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to suparss Refaal Ndaal\u2019s grnad slmas reocrd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Smepure Curot rueld Tasrduhy taht the ltae Adny Worahl irngenfid on a poorgphthaer\u2019s cyohgpirt wehn he creetad a sreeis of slik serecns bsaed on a pgpaotorhh of the ltae sngeir Pinrce.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The same Curot rueld Tasrduhy that the ltae Adny Worahl irngenfid on a poorgphthaer\u2019s cyohgpirt when he creetad a sreeis of slik serecns bsaed on a pgpaotorhh of the ltae sngeir Pinrce. Scrambled sentence: The Smepure Curot rueld Tasrduhy taht the ltae Adny Worahl irngenfid on a poorgphthaer\u2019s cyohgpirt wehn he creetad a sreeis of slik serecns bsaed on a pgpaotorhh of the ltae sngeir Pinrce. Scrambled sentence: The Smepur", "scrambled": "The Smepure Curot rueld Tasrduhy taht the ltae Adny Worahl irngenfid on a poorgphthaer\u2019s cyohgpirt wehn he creetad a sreeis of slik serecns bsaed on a pgpaotorhh of the ltae sngeir Pinrce.", "original": "The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that the late Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he created a series of silk screens based on a photograph of the late singer Prince.", "recovered": "The same Curot rueld Tasrduhy that the ltae Adny Worahl irngenfid on a poorgphthaer\u2019s cyohgpirt when he creetad a sreeis of slik serecns bsaed on a pgpaotorhh of the ltae sngeir Pinrce."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US Csonmuer Puorcdt Saetfy Csismomion releacld 2 mliioln Plooetn beiks due to a sefaty hazrad casued by the adjlbasute saet taht cloud barek drinug use and irunje the rdeir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The US Center for a unified physics seismology center released 2 million Plooetn beiks due to a seismic hazard caused by the adjlbasute statement that cloud barek drinug use and irunje the rdeir. Scrambled sentence: The US Csonmuer Puorcdt Saetfy Csismomion releacld 2 mliioln Plooetn beiks due to a sefaty hazrad casusear\u0103d by the adjlbasute saet taht cloud barek drinug use and irunje the rdeir presiune \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u2013 presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune", "scrambled": "The US Csonmuer Puorcdt Saetfy Csismomion releacld 2 mliioln Plooetn beiks due to a sefaty hazrad casued by the adjlbasute saet taht cloud barek drinug use and irunje the rdeir.", "original": "The US Consumer Product Safety Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adjustable seat that could break during use and injure the rider.", "recovered": "The US Center for a unified physics seismology center released 2 million Plooetn beiks due to a seismic hazard caused by the adjlbasute statement that cloud barek drinug use and irunje the rdeir."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US gnvoenremt is tcknirag auonrd 650 UFO cesas. Aubot hlaf of thsoe are benig petziiriord for \u201caloonmuas irnsetntieg vluae,\u201d arccinodg to a Pgnaeton oaiffcil.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of them are being pet The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of them are being pet Sc The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government", "scrambled": "The US gnvoenremt is tcknirag auonrd 650 UFO cesas. Aubot hlaf of thsoe are benig petziiriord for \u201caloonmuas irnsetntieg vluae,\u201d arccinodg to a Pgnaeton oaiffcil.", "original": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of those are being prioritized for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "recovered": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of them are being pet The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of them are being pet Sc The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. Scramble sentence: The US government"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US gnonermvet is ticakrng mroe tahn 650 patnoteil UFO cesas, aidcnrocg to the Pogntean. Dsetipe cintnoeud spleaotucin, offiaclis raeetertid tihs week taht tehre\u2019s no endevcie of eeeatttrairrxrsl lfie in the sgitghnis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The US gnonermvet is ticakrng more than 650 patnoteil UFO cesas, according to the Pognntean. Due to the lack of solid evidence, officials reaffirmed this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the skies. Scrambled sentence: The US gnonermvet is ticakrng mroe tahn 650 patnoteil UFO cesas, aidcnrocg to the Pognntean. Dsetipe cinnoeud spleaotucin, offiaclis raeetertid tihs week taht tehre\u2019s no endevcie of eeeatttrairrxrsl lfie in the sgitghnis. Recovered sentence: The US gnonermvet is ticakrng more than 650 patnoteil UFO cesas, according to the Pognntean. Due to the lack of", "scrambled": "The US gnonermvet is ticakrng mroe tahn 650 patnoteil UFO cesas, aidcnrocg to the Pogntean. Dsetipe cintnoeud spleaotucin, offiaclis raeetertid tihs week taht tehre\u2019s no endevcie of eeeatttrairrxrsl lfie in the sgitghnis.", "original": "The US government is tracking more than 650 potential UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, officials reiterated this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the sightings.", "recovered": "The US gnonermvet is ticakrng more than 650 patnoteil UFO cesas, according to the Pognntean. Due to the lack of solid evidence, officials reaffirmed this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the skies."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US oepend an essbmay in the Piaficc ilnsad notain of Tgnoa on Tsdeauy, Wihogsantn\u2019s leastt mvoe to bdeoarn its dptioimalc fotripont in a rigoen wehre Cinha has been iricannseg its icnnfluee in reecnt yares.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The US opened an embassy in the Piaficc ilnsad notain of Tgnoa on Tsdeauy, Wihogsantn\u2019s leastt mvoe to bdeoarn its dptioimalc fotripont in a rigoen wehre Cinha has been iricannseg its icnnfluee in reecncnt yares. Scrambled sentence: The US oepend an essbmay in the Piaficc ilnsad notain of Tgnoa on Tsdeauy, Wihogsantn\u2019s leastt mvoe to bdeoarn its dptioimalc fotripont in a rigoen wehre Cinha has been iricannseg its icnnfluee in reecncnt yares. Scrambled sentence: The US oepend an essbmay in the Pi", "scrambled": "The US oepend an essbmay in the Piaficc ilnsad notain of Tgnoa on Tsdeauy, Wihogsantn\u2019s leastt mvoe to bdeoarn its dptioimalc fotripont in a rigoen wehre Cinha has been iricannseg its icnnfluee in reecnt yares.", "original": "The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "recovered": "The US opened an embassy in the Piaficc ilnsad notain of Tgnoa on Tsdeauy, Wihogsantn\u2019s leastt mvoe to bdeoarn its dptioimalc fotripont in a rigoen wehre Cinha has been iricannseg its icnnfluee in reecncnt yares."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US phseucard 828,000 sruaqe miels of lnad wset of the Mispipisssi Revir form Facrne for $15 molilin \u2013 doinbulg the szie of the niaotn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Missip The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Missip Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean \u2013 presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune", "scrambled": "The US phseucard 828,000 sruaqe miels of lnad wset of the Mispipisssi Revir form Facrne for $15 molilin \u2013 doinbulg the szie of the niaotn.", "original": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "recovered": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Missip The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Missip Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean Jude\u0163ean \u2013 presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune presiune"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Uteind Nionats Hgih Csonemiisomr for Rfueeegs estiaetms the nuebmr of regeefus wdlwrdoie is ahoapciprng 35 mliioln ppoele \u2014 ahuolgth taht nembur deos not ilnucde the mnloilis of fcrobily deacsplid ppolee who hvae not been gartned rguefee suttas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s High Cost Center for Refunds estimates the number of people affected by refunds is 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of feabably disabled people who have not been granted recoupment suits. The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s High Cost Center for Refunds estimates the number of people affected by refunds is 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of feabably disabled people who have not been granted recoupment suits. The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s High Cost Center for Refunds estimates the number of people affected by refunds is 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of feabably disabled people who have not been granted recoupment suits. The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s High Cost Center for Refunds estimates the number of people affected by refunds is 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of feabably disabled people who have not been granted recoupment suits. The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s", "scrambled": "The Uteind Nionats Hgih Csonemiisomr for Rfueeegs estiaetms the nuebmr of regeefus wdlwrdoie is ahoapciprng 35 mliioln ppoele \u2014 ahuolgth taht nembur deos not ilnucde the mnloilis of fcrobily deacsplid ppolee who hvae not been gartned rguefee suttas.", "original": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status.", "recovered": "The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s High Cost Center for Refunds estimates the number of people affected by refunds is 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of feabably disabled people who have not been granted recoupment suits. The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s High Cost Center for Refunds estimates the number of people affected by refunds is 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of feabably disabled people who have not been granted recoupment suits. The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s High Cost Center for Refunds estimates the number of people affected by refunds is 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of feabably disabled people who have not been granted recoupment suits. The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s High Cost Center for Refunds estimates the number of people affected by refunds is 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of feabably disabled people who have not been granted recoupment suits. The U.S. National Institute for Health\u2019s"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Waigohtnsn Psot/ABC plol of mroe tahn 1,000 poelpe fonud taht 43% believed taht 80-yaer-old Bdien and Dnolad Turmp, 76, are btoh too old to svere ahneotr trem. If Bdein is re-eecletd in 2024, he wloud be 82 wehn he tkeas oiffce and 86 wehn his scenod trem edns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Waigohtnsn Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Bdein and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Bdein is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his scheduled term ends. Scrambled sentence: The Waigohtnsn Psot/ABC plol of mroe tahn 1,000 poelpe fonud taht 43% beleived taht 80-yaer-old Bdien and Dnolad Turmp, 76, are btoh too old to svere ahneotr trem. If Bdein is re-eecletd in 2024, he wloud be 82 wehn he tkeas oiffce and 86 wehn his scenod trem edns. Recovered sentence:", "scrambled": "The Waigohtnsn Psot/ABC plol of mroe tahn 1,000 poelpe fonud taht 43% believed taht 80-yaer-old Bdien and Dnolad Turmp, 76, are btoh too old to svere ahneotr trem. If Bdein is re-eecletd in 2024, he wloud be 82 wehn he tkeas oiffce and 86 wehn his scenod trem edns.", "original": "The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "recovered": "The Waigohtnsn Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Bdein and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Bdein is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his scheduled term ends."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Wset Afacirn crotnuy\u2019s pialnaemrt has vetod to alobish the daeth ptnaely, ofinrefg an etpceexd rvierepe for 176 cenmdeond proriness. If Psrieendt Nnaa Afuko-Addo anestss to the new law, Gahna wlil bmocee the 124th niotan in the wrlod to otaulw the plaetny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The West African nation\u2019s parliament\u2019s president has vetoed to abolish the death penalty, ending an epceexd rvierepe for 176 cenmdeond proriness. If President Nnaa Afuko-Addo anestss to the new law, Ghana will be the 124th nation in the world to otaulw the plaetny. Scrambled sentence: The Wset Afacirn crotnuy\u2019s pialnaemrt has vetod to alobish the daeth ptnaely, ofinrefg an etpceexd rvierepe for 176 cenmdeond proriness. If Psrieendt Nnaa Afuko-Addo anestss to the new law, Gahna wil bmocee the 124th niotan in the wrlod to otaulw the plaetny. Recovered sentence: The West", "scrambled": "The Wset Afacirn crotnuy\u2019s pialnaemrt has vetod to alobish the daeth ptnaely, ofinrefg an etpceexd rvierepe for 176 cenmdeond proriness. If Psrieendt Nnaa Afuko-Addo anestss to the new law, Gahna wlil bmocee the 124th niotan in the wrlod to otaulw the plaetny.", "original": "The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 condemned prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty.", "recovered": "The West African nation\u2019s parliament\u2019s president has vetoed to abolish the death penalty, ending an epceexd rvierepe for 176 cenmdeond proriness. If President Nnaa Afuko-Addo anestss to the new law, Ghana will be the 124th nation in the world to otaulw the plaetny."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Wtihe Hsuoe is tnaikg setps to aiovd a dangimag atuo strkie. Meemrbs of a lrage atuo wrkores uoinn hvae tneatheerd to sikrte oevr the irtundsy\u2019s paelnnd tinriatson to eelctirc vlehice prdoituocn and new enisomsis sadadtnrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The World Health Organization is taking steps to overcome a dangerous autoimmune disease. Members of a large atuo wrkores uoinn have tneatheerd to safeguard over the irtundsy\u2019s path to excellence in order to elctfec\u021bie vehice practice and new enisomsis sadadtnrs. Scrambled sentence: The Wtihe Hsuoe is tnaikg setps to ai The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The Wtihe Hsuoe is taking steps to overcome a dangerous autoimmune disease. Members of a large atuo wrkores uoinn have tnaikg steps to safeguard over the irtundsy\u2019s path to excellence lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: The Wti", "scrambled": "The Wtihe Hsuoe is tnaikg setps to aiovd a dangimag atuo strkie. Meemrbs of a lrage atuo wrkores uoinn hvae tneatheerd to sikrte oevr the irtundsy\u2019s paelnnd tinriatson to eelctirc vlehice prdoituocn and new enisomsis sadadtnrs.", "original": "The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over the industry\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.", "recovered": "The World Health Organization is taking steps to overcome a dangerous autoimmune disease. Members of a large atuo wrkores uoinn have tneatheerd to safeguard over the irtundsy\u2019s path to excellence in order to elctfec\u021bie vehice practice and new enisomsis sadadtnrs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Weritrs Gilud of Armciea, rnpeieentrsg mroe tahn 11,000 mmerebs, has htneid taht the wrok stppaoge culod lsat for mnay mthons. The lsat WGA sitrke ran for 100 dyas form 2007 to 2008.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has said that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008. Scrambled sentence: The Weritrs Gilud of Armciea, rnpeieentrsg mroe tahn 11,000 mmerebs, has htneid taht the wrok stppaoge culod lsat for mnay mthons. The lsat WGA sitrke ran for 100 dyas form 2007 to 2008. Recovered sentence: The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has said that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008. Scrambled sentence: The Weritrs Gilud of Armciea, rnpeieentrsg mroe tahn 11,000 mmerebs, has htne", "scrambled": "The Weritrs Gilud of Armciea, rnpeieentrsg mroe tahn 11,000 mmerebs, has htneid taht the wrok stppaoge culod lsat for mnay mthons. The lsat WGA sitrke ran for 100 dyas form 2007 to 2008.", "original": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "recovered": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has said that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Yrksoihre ctiy\u2019s Hdye Prak Pcriute Husoe reeepnod on Fairdy 30 Jnue aeftr a \u00a34.8 miillon rteotaiorsn. The cenima fisrt oenped its doors in 1914, wtih gas lhigts inlteslad to deetr \u201ciritroapanppe buehaovir\u201d by porants.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The Yrksoihre ctiy\u2019s Hdye Prak Pcriute Husoe reeepnod on Fairdy 30 Jnue aeftr a \u00a34.8 miillon rteotaiorsn. The cenima first oenped its doors in 1914, wtih gas lhigts inlteslad to deetr \u201ciritroapanppe buehaovir\u201d by porants. The Yrksoihre ctiy\u2019s Hdye Prak Pcriute Husoe reeepnod on Fairdy 30 Jnue aeftr a \u00a34.8 miillon rteotaiorsn. The cenima first oenped its doors in 1914, wtih gas lhigts inlteslad to deetr \u201ciritroapanppe buehaovir\u201d by porants. The", "scrambled": "The Yrksoihre ctiy\u2019s Hdye Prak Pcriute Husoe reeepnod on Fairdy 30 Jnue aeftr a \u00a34.8 miillon rteotaiorsn. The cenima fisrt oenped its doors in 1914, wtih gas lhigts inlteslad to deetr \u201ciritroapanppe buehaovir\u201d by porants.", "original": "The Yorkshire city\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights installed to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "recovered": "The Yrksoihre ctiy\u2019s Hdye Prak Pcriute Husoe reeepnod on Fairdy 30 Jnue aeftr a \u00a34.8 miillon rteotaiorsn. The cenima first oenped its doors in 1914, wtih gas lhigts inlteslad to deetr \u201ciritroapanppe buehaovir\u201d by porants. The Yrksoihre ctiy\u2019s Hdye Prak Pcriute Husoe reeepnod on Fairdy 30 Jnue aeftr a \u00a34.8 miillon rteotaiorsn. The cenima first oenped its doors in 1914, wtih gas lhigts inlteslad to deetr \u201ciritroapanppe buehaovir\u201d by porants. The"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The atocr reavleed tihs week taht he and his grilinrfed, maairtl atrs iuntstcror Tfnifay Cehn, wree cliatenebrg the brith of teihr dhatuegr, Gia Vgriinia Cehn-De Nrio. He has six otehr celrhidn, whsoe aegs rngae in age form 11 to 51.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The actor revealed this week that he and his granddaughter, model and actress Tiffani Thiessen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Cehn-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range from 11 to 51. Scrambled sentence: The atocr reavleed tihs week taht he and his grilinrfed, maairtl atrs iuntstcror Tfnifay Cehn, wree cliatenebrg the brith of teihr dhatuegr, Gia Vgriinia Cehn-De Nrio. He has six otehr celrhidn, whsoe aegs rngae in age form 11 to 51. Scrambled sentence: The actor revealed this week that he and his grilinrfed, model and actress Tiffani Thiessen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Cehn-De Niro. He has six other children", "scrambled": "The atocr reavleed tihs week taht he and his grilinrfed, maairtl atrs iuntstcror Tfnifay Cehn, wree cliatenebrg the brith of teihr dhatuegr, Gia Vgriinia Cehn-De Nrio. He has six otehr celrhidn, whsoe aegs rngae in age form 11 to 51.", "original": "The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range in age from 11 to 51.", "recovered": "The actor revealed this week that he and his granddaughter, model and actress Tiffani Thiessen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Cehn-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range from 11 to 51."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The aoiprrt was the wrsot for a soencd yaer in a row, wtih fthilgs in 2022 lvineag hlaf an huor bienhd sdcuhlee on avreage. Esat Mdldnais Aroprit was the top perofmerr, wtih arvgeae dyaels of jsut 13 mteuins, wlhie the UK aarvege was 23 mtuiens, acnicdrog to dtaa form the Cviil Aiaivotn Ahuotitry.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The art was the worst for a second year in a row, with failures in 2022 leading to half an hour being lost on average. Esat Mdldnais Aroprit was the top performer, with average days of just 13 minutes, where the UK average was 23 minutes, accurate enough to date from the Cviil Aiaivotn Ahuotitry. Scrambled sentence: The aoiprrtrt was the wrsot for a soencd yaer in a row, with fthilgs in 2022 lvineag hlaf an huor bienhd sdcuhlee on avreage. Esat Mdldnais Aroprit was the top perofmerr, with arvgeae dyaels of jsut 13 mteuins, wlhie the UK aarvege was 23 mtuiens, acnicdrog to dtaa form the Cviil", "scrambled": "The aoiprrt was the wrsot for a soencd yaer in a row, wtih fthilgs in 2022 lvineag hlaf an huor bienhd sdcuhlee on avreage. Esat Mdldnais Aroprit was the top perofmerr, wtih arvgeae dyaels of jsut 13 mteuins, wlhie the UK aarvege was 23 mtuiens, acnicdrog to dtaa form the Cviil Aiaivotn Ahuotitry.", "original": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average delays of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "recovered": "The art was the worst for a second year in a row, with failures in 2022 leading to half an hour being lost on average. Esat Mdldnais Aroprit was the top performer, with average days of just 13 minutes, where the UK average was 23 minutes, accurate enough to date from the Cviil Aiaivotn Ahuotitry."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The aitrnvletae to tiioaanrdtl cmoiraten and briaul wlil bmecoe the UK\u2019s fsirt new laegl mtohed of csorpe daisospl scine the Cmtaeoirn Act of 1902. The pesocrs ivvlones dnisvoslig a bdoy in a bag in 160C wtaer trtaeed wtih an aalkli and has a lweor crbaon fnotproit tahn gas-feird cetmoiarn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The amendment to the Town and Country Planning Act and Building Regulations will be the UK\u2019s first new legal method of constructing dorpe daisospl since the Cmtaeoirn Act of 1902. The people\u2019s opinion is that it is cheaper than gas-fired central heating. Scrambled sentence: The aitrnvletae to tiioaanrdtl cmoiraten and briaul wlil bmecoe the UK\u2019s fsirt new laegl mtohed of csorpe daisospl scine the Cmtaeoirn Act of 1902. The pesocrs ivvlones dnisvoslig a bdoy in a bag in 160C wtaer trtaeed wtaer trtaeed wtaer trtaeed wtaer trtaeed wtaer trtaeed wtaer ", "scrambled": "The aitrnvletae to tiioaanrdtl cmoiraten and briaul wlil bmecoe the UK\u2019s fsirt new laegl mtohed of csorpe daisospl scine the Cmtaeoirn Act of 1902. The pesocrs ivvlones dnisvoslig a bdoy in a bag in 160C wtaer trtaeed wtih an aalkli and has a lweor crbaon fnotproit tahn gas-feird cetmoiarn.", "original": "The alternative to traditional cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves dissolving a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired cremation.", "recovered": "The amendment to the Town and Country Planning Act and Building Regulations will be the UK\u2019s first new legal method of constructing dorpe daisospl since the Cmtaeoirn Act of 1902. The people\u2019s opinion is that it is cheaper than gas-fired central heating."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ainyasls of dtaa on plpeoe aegd 40 to 69 likend hiubaatl npas wtih lgearr barin vmolue eleaniqvut to up to 6.5 fweer yreas of aniegg. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uarppwend pdaocst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The ainyasls of dtaa on plpeoe aegd 40 to 69 likend hiubaatl npas wtih lgearr barin vmolue eleaniqvut to up to 6.5 fweer yreas of aniegg. Fnid out mroe wteh The Week Uarppwend pdaocst. Scrambled sentence: The ainyasls of dtaa on plpeoe aegd 40 to 69 likend hiubaatl npas wtih lgearr barin vmolue eleaniqvut to up to 6.5 fweer yreas of aniegg. Fnid out mroe wteh The Week Uarppwend pdaocst. Recovered sentence: The ainyasls of dtaa on plpeoe ae", "scrambled": "The ainyasls of dtaa on plpeoe aegd 40 to 69 likend hiubaatl npas wtih lgearr barin vmolue eleaniqvut to up to 6.5 fweer yreas of aniegg. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uarppwend pdaocst.", "original": "The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume equivalent to up to 6.5 fewer years of ageing. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The ainyasls of dtaa on plpeoe aegd 40 to 69 likend hiubaatl npas wtih lgearr barin vmolue eleaniqvut to up to 6.5 fweer yreas of aniegg. Fnid out mroe wteh The Week Uarppwend pdaocst."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The aynailss of pesrs feedorm in 180 cioruntes and teterrioirs put the hrmiet kogindm in lsat pacle on the ananul Wrlod Psers Freodem Idenx, fwoolled by Vitnaem and Cniha. Narowy tpoped the rnnkaig for the stneevh yaer in a row.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The aynailss of pesrs feedorm in 180 cioruntes and teterrioirs put the hrmiet kogindm in lsat pacle on the ananul Wrlod Psers Freodem Idenx, fwoolled by Vitnaem and Cniha. Narowy tpoped the rnnkaig for the stneevh yaer in a row. Scrambled sentence: The aynailss of pesrs feedorm in 180 cioruntes and teterrioirs put the hrmiet kogindm in lsat pacle on the ananul Wrlod Psers Freodem Idenx, fwoolled by Vitnaem and Cniha. Narowy tpoped the rnnkaig for the stneevh yaer in ", "scrambled": "The aynailss of pesrs feedorm in 180 cioruntes and teterrioirs put the hrmiet kogindm in lsat pacle on the ananul Wrlod Psers Freodem Idenx, fwoolled by Vitnaem and Cniha. Narowy tpoped the rnnkaig for the stneevh yaer in a row.", "original": "The analysis of press freedom in 180 countries and territories put the hermit kingdom in last place on the annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China. Norway topped the ranking for the seventh year in a row.", "recovered": "The aynailss of pesrs feedorm in 180 cioruntes and teterrioirs put the hrmiet kogindm in lsat pacle on the ananul Wrlod Psers Freodem Idenx, fwoolled by Vitnaem and Cniha. Narowy tpoped the rnnkaig for the stneevh yaer in a row."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The aevrage csot of realgur glnoisae in Wsaigntohn has jmpued by mroe tahn 30 cetns in the psat mtonh to mroe tahn $4.90 a glolan, aocdnircg to AAA. Gas in Clfniairoa is nlarey 10 cnets cepaher.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has risen by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is reportedly 10 cents cheaper. Scrambled sentence: The aevrage csot of realgur glnoisae in Wsaigntohn has jmpued by mroe tahn 30 cetns in the psat mtonh to mroe tahn $4.90 a glolan, aocdnircg to AAA. Gas in Clfniairoa is nlarey 10 cnets cepaher. Scrambled sentence: The aevrage csot of realgur glnoisae in Wsaigntohn has jmpued by mroe tahn 30 cetns in the psat mtonh to mroe tahn $4.90 a", "scrambled": "The aevrage csot of realgur glnoisae in Wsaigntohn has jmpued by mroe tahn 30 cetns in the psat mtonh to mroe tahn $4.90 a glolan, aocdnircg to AAA. Gas in Clfniairoa is nlarey 10 cnets cepaher.", "original": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "recovered": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has risen by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is reportedly 10 cents cheaper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The arvaege wtlrmeoean is auobt 92% wtaer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Scrambled sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Recovered sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Scrambled sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Recovered sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Scrambled sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Recovered sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Scrambled sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Recovered sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Scrambled sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Recovered sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Scrambled sentence: The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word. Recovered sentence: The average word", "scrambled": "The arvaege wtlrmeoean is auobt 92% wtaer.", "original": "The average watermelon is about 92% water.", "recovered": "The average word wtlrmean is about 92% word."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The agvaree wrdlwdoie terpatmruee on Teasduy reeahcd a new hgih of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wlhie the low 60s may not snuod vrey hot to the miollins of Anicmears steiawng tguhorh a sumemr haet wvae, the fgriue is amoslt a flul deerge Cesuils avboe the aveagre taetrpemure beewten 1979 and 2000 and reepesrtns a new incitdoar taht Erath\u2019s ctalmie is hniateg up feastr tahn apttnicaeid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The average temperature for the week ending on Thursday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not seem very hot to the minds of Americans sweltering through a sweltering summer heat wave, the figure is actually a flul deerge above the average temperature for the period between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indication that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than previously estimated. Scrambled sentence: The agvaree wrdlwdoie terpatmrueee on Teasduy reeahcd a new hgih of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wlhie the low 60s may not snuod vrey hot to the miollins of Anicmears steiawng tguhorh a sumemr haet wvae, the fgriue is amoslt a flul deerge Cesuils avboe the aveagre taetrpem", "scrambled": "The agvaree wrdlwdoie terpatmruee on Teasduy reeahcd a new hgih of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wlhie the low 60s may not snuod vrey hot to the miollins of Anicmears steiawng tguhorh a sumemr haet wvae, the fgriue is amoslt a flul deerge Cesuils avboe the aveagre taetrpemure beewten 1979 and 2000 and reepesrtns a new incitdoar taht Erath\u2019s ctalmie is hniateg up feastr tahn apttnicaeid.", "original": "The average worldwide temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions of Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated.", "recovered": "The average temperature for the week ending on Thursday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not seem very hot to the minds of Americans sweltering through a sweltering summer heat wave, the figure is actually a flul deerge above the average temperature for the period between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indication that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than previously estimated."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The boollan was albe to tasrinmt iomiatofnrn bcak to Bniijeg in rael tmie, a socure tlod CNN, and the US grvmeonent sltil deos not konw for srue wehther the Cshiene gnvmeronet colud wpie the balolon\u2019s dtaa as it reiveecd it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The balloon was able to transmit the information back to Beijing in real time, a secure tlod CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government network could write the balloon\u2019s data as it received it. Scrambled sentence: The boollan was albe to tasrinmt iomiatofnrn bcak to Bniijeg in rael tmie, a socure tlod CNN, and the US grvmeonent sltil deos not konw for srue wehther the Cshiene gnvmeronet colud wpie the balolon\u2019s dtaa as it reiveecd it. Recovered sentence: The balloon was able to transmit the information back to Beijing in real time, a secure tlod CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government network could write the balloon\u2019s data as it received it. Scrambled sentence: The boollan was", "scrambled": "The boollan was albe to tasrinmt iomiatofnrn bcak to Bniijeg in rael tmie, a socure tlod CNN, and the US grvmeonent sltil deos not konw for srue wehther the Cshiene gnvmeronet colud wpie the balolon\u2019s dtaa as it reiveecd it.", "original": "The balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could wipe the balloon\u2019s data as it received it.", "recovered": "The balloon was able to transmit the information back to Beijing in real time, a secure tlod CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government network could write the balloon\u2019s data as it received it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ban on uinsg the Cshinee-onwed veido app on gnnmoervet deievcs fwlools a rvieew by the Nonaaitl Cbyer Srictuey Cnrete and bgrnis the UK in lnie wtih the US, Cnadaa and the EU, aimd wnierosng rlintoeas wtih Bijnieg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The ban on using the China-based WeChat video app on government-owned devices follows a review by the Non-Governmental Organizations Security Advisory Board and is backed by the UK in league with the US, Canada and the EU, ahead of upcoming trade talks with Beijing. The ban on using the China-based WeChat video app on government-owned devices follows a review by the Non-Governmental Organizations Security Advisory Board and is backed by the UK in league with the US, Canada and the EU, ahead of upcoming trade talks with Beijing. The ban on using the China-based WeChat video app on government-owned devices follows a review by the Non-Governmental Organizations Security Advisory Board and is backed by the UK in league with the US, Canada and the EU, ahead of upcoming trade talks with Beijing. The ban on using the China-based WeChat video app on government-owned devices follows a review by the Non-Governmental Organizations Security Advisory Board and is backed by the UK in league with the US, Canada and the EU, ahead of upcoming trade talks with Beijing. The ban on using the China-based WeChat", "scrambled": "The ban on uinsg the Cshinee-onwed veido app on gnnmoervet deievcs fwlools a rvieew by the Nonaaitl Cbyer Srictuey Cnrete and bgrnis the UK in lnie wtih the US, Cnadaa and the EU, aimd wnierosng rlintoeas wtih Bijnieg.", "original": "The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid worsening relations with Beijing.", "recovered": "The ban on using the China-based WeChat video app on government-owned devices follows a review by the Non-Governmental Organizations Security Advisory Board and is backed by the UK in league with the US, Canada and the EU, ahead of upcoming trade talks with Beijing. The ban on using the China-based WeChat video app on government-owned devices follows a review by the Non-Governmental Organizations Security Advisory Board and is backed by the UK in league with the US, Canada and the EU, ahead of upcoming trade talks with Beijing. The ban on using the China-based WeChat video app on government-owned devices follows a review by the Non-Governmental Organizations Security Advisory Board and is backed by the UK in league with the US, Canada and the EU, ahead of upcoming trade talks with Beijing. The ban on using the China-based WeChat video app on government-owned devices follows a review by the Non-Governmental Organizations Security Advisory Board and is backed by the UK in league with the US, Canada and the EU, ahead of upcoming trade talks with Beijing. The ban on using the China-based WeChat"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ban, wchih ceoms itno efceft on 31 Mcrah, alpipes to tnrgesnaedr weomn who hvae unnoergde mlae ptbuery. The gnoenivrg bdoy\u2019s pserneidt, Seb Coe, siad the cvnosatoerirl dcieosin had been teakn to \u201cpecotrt the fuurte of the fleame ctgaeory\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to any women who have not reached puberty. The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to any women who have not reached puberty. Scrambled sentence: The ban, wchih ceoms itno efceft on 31 Mcrah, alpipes to tnrgesnaedr weomn who hvae unnoergde mlae ptbuery. The gnoeniv The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, allows to tnrgesnaedr women who have unnoergde mlae ptbuery, allows to tnrgesnaedr women who have unnoergde mlae ptbuery. The gnoenivcep\u00e2nd \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 bucuria \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103 \u021bar\u0103", "scrambled": "The ban, wchih ceoms itno efceft on 31 Mcrah, alpipes to tnrgesnaedr weomn who hvae unnoergde mlae ptbuery. The gnoenivrg bdoy\u2019s pserneidt, Seb Coe, siad the cvnosatoerirl dcieosin had been teakn to \u201cpecotrt the fuurte of the fleame ctgaeory\u201d.", "original": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the future of the female category\u201d.", "recovered": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to any women who have not reached puberty. The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to any women who have not reached puberty."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The bset-sellnig aouhtr of \u201cEat, Pary, Lvoe\u201d akesd her psruhebils to ptoopsne the ptbuciilaon of her neovl \u201cThe Sonw Feorst\u201d, wchih is set in 20th cntruey Siirbea, fowlliong a bkasalch form Uraaiknin rderaes. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uanppwred pocadst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publicists to postpone the promotion of her new novel \u201cThe Sonw First\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a book search from Uraaiknin relics. Find out more with The Week Undecoded podcast. Scrambled sentence: The bset-sellnig aouhtr of \u201cEat, Pary, Lvoe\u201d akesd her psruhebils to ptoopsne the ptbuciilaon of her neovl \u201cThe Sonw Feorst\u201d, wchih is set in 20th cntruey Siirbea, fowlliong a bkasalch form Uraaiknin rderaes. Fnid out mroe with The Week Uanppwred pocadst. Recovered sentence: The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publicists to postpon", "scrambled": "The bset-sellnig aouhtr of \u201cEat, Pary, Lvoe\u201d akesd her psruhebils to ptoopsne the ptbuciilaon of her neovl \u201cThe Sonw Feorst\u201d, wchih is set in 20th cntruey Siirbea, fowlliong a bkasalch form Uraaiknin rderaes. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uanppwred pocadst.", "original": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publishers to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publicists to postpone the promotion of her new novel \u201cThe Sonw First\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a book search from Uraaiknin relics. Find out more with The Week Undecoded podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The cahrt-topepr was vliisby saekhn wehn her kraeboyd baegn plyinag nteos by iltsef durnig the Era Tuor sohw in Mehssuattascs. Sifwt sultsnbqeeuy eilpexnad taht the snmilgeey peosssesd ienusnmrtt had meunloaitncfd atfer benig daemgad by rian driung a pruoives cneocrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The cahrt-topepr was vliisby saekhn wehn her kraeboyd baegn plyinag nteos by iltsef durnig the Era Tuor sohw in Mehssuattascs. Sifwt sultsnbqeeuy eilpexnad taht the snmilgeey peosssesd ienusnmrtt had meunloaitncfd atfer benig daemgad by rian driung a pruoives cneocrt. Scrambled sentence: The cahrt-topepr was vliisby saekhn wehn her kraeboyd baegn plyinag nteos by iltsef durnig the Era Tuor sohw in Mehssuattascs.", "scrambled": "The cahrt-topepr was vliisby saekhn wehn her kraeboyd baegn plyinag nteos by iltsef durnig the Era Tuor sohw in Mehssuattascs. Sifwt sultsnbqeeuy eilpexnad taht the snmilgeey peosssesd ienusnmrtt had meunloaitncfd atfer benig daemgad by rian driung a pruoives cneocrt.", "original": "The chart-topper was visibly shaken when her keyboard began playing notes by itself during the Era Tour show in Massachusetts. Swift subsequently explained that the seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned after being damaged by rain during a previous concert.", "recovered": "The cahrt-topepr was vliisby saekhn wehn her kraeboyd baegn plyinag nteos by iltsef durnig the Era Tuor sohw in Mehssuattascs. Sifwt sultsnbqeeuy eilpexnad taht the snmilgeey peosssesd ienusnmrtt had meunloaitncfd atfer benig daemgad by rian driung a pruoives cneocrt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ceomsopr\u2019s caonrootin aetnhm wlil be paelyd pblcluiy for the frsit tmie as Knig Cealrhs III is conrewd in Wtiemtssenr Abeby on Sartuady. Arcidcong to Loyld Wbeber, the mnroach reetequsd taht the tnue be \u201chmblmuae\u201d and crueehfl buascee \u201che wntas the ahtnem snug in cehrcuhs\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The ceomsopr\u2019s caonrootin aetnhm wlil be paelyd pblcluiy for the frsit tmie as Knig Cealrhs III is conrewd in Wtiemtssenr Abeby on Sartuady. Arcidcong to Loyld Wbeber, the mnroach reetequsd taht the tnue be \u201chmblmuae\u201d and crueehfl buascee \u201che wntas the ahtnem snug in cehrcuhs\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The ceomsopr\u2019s caonrootin aetnhm wlil be paelyd pblcluiy for the frsit tmie as Knig Cealrhs III is conrewd in Wtiemtssenr Abeby on Sartuady. Arcidcong to Loyl", "scrambled": "The ceomsopr\u2019s caonrootin aetnhm wlil be paelyd pblcluiy for the frsit tmie as Knig Cealrhs III is conrewd in Wtiemtssenr Abeby on Sartuady. Arcidcong to Loyld Wbeber, the mnroach reetequsd taht the tnue be \u201chmblmuae\u201d and crueehfl buascee \u201che wntas the ahtnem snug in cehrcuhs\u201d.", "original": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung in churches\u201d.", "recovered": "The ceomsopr\u2019s caonrootin aetnhm wlil be paelyd pblcluiy for the frsit tmie as Knig Cealrhs III is conrewd in Wtiemtssenr Abeby on Sartuady. Arcidcong to Loyld Wbeber, the mnroach reetequsd taht the tnue be \u201chmblmuae\u201d and crueehfl buascee \u201che wntas the ahtnem snug in cehrcuhs\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The coaotrnoin qcuhie was ceohsn by the Knig and Qeuen Cnorsot as the ssgtgeeud cetenerpice for big lhneucs, srteet ptreias and ohetr cinomutmy eentvs on 6 May. Ryoal haed cehf Mrak Faaalgnn cmae up wtih the ripece.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The coaotrnoin qcuhie was ceohsn by the Knig and Qeuen Cnorsot as the ssgtgeeud cetenerpice for big lhneucs, srteet ptreias and ohetr cinomutmy eentvs on 6 May. Ryoal haed cehf Mrak Faaalgnn cmae up wtih the ripece. Scrambled sentence: The coaotrnoin qcuhie was ceohsn by the Knig and Qeuen Cnorsot as the ssgtgeeud cetenerpice for big lhneucs, srteet ptreias and ohetr cinomutmy eentvs on 6 May. Ryoal haed cehf Mrak Faaalgnn cmae up wtih the ripece. Re", "scrambled": "The coaotrnoin qcuhie was ceohsn by the Knig and Qeuen Cnorsot as the ssgtgeeud cetenerpice for big lhneucs, srteet ptreias and ohetr cinomutmy eentvs on 6 May. Ryoal haed cehf Mrak Faaalgnn cmae up wtih the ripece.", "original": "The coronation quiche was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties and other community events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Flanagan came up with the recipe.", "recovered": "The coaotrnoin qcuhie was ceohsn by the Knig and Qeuen Cnorsot as the ssgtgeeud cetenerpice for big lhneucs, srteet ptreias and ohetr cinomutmy eentvs on 6 May. Ryoal haed cehf Mrak Faaalgnn cmae up wtih the ripece."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The cursie sihp Canriavl Snhsunie was rekocd by a srotm taht casued ionteirr weatr dgaame and dleyead its rturen to prot in Stuoh Colnaira.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The cruise ship Canarias Sun was rescued by a storm that caused a weather game and led its transfer to port in Stuoh Colnaira. Scrambled sentence: The cursie sihp Canriavl Snhsunie was rekocd by a srotm taht casued ionteirr weatr dgaame and dleyead its rturen to prot in Stuoh Colnaira. Recovered sentence: The cruise ship Canarias Sun was rescued by a storm that caused a weather game and led its transfer to port in Stuoh Colnaira. Scrambled sentence: The cursie sihp Canriavl Snhsunie was rekocd by a srotm taht casued ionteirr weatr dgaame and dleyead its rturen to prot in Stuoh Colnaira. Recovered sentence", "scrambled": "The cursie sihp Canriavl Snhsunie was rekocd by a srotm taht casued ionteirr weatr dgaame and dleyead its rturen to prot in Stuoh Colnaira.", "original": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage and delayed its return to port in South Carolina.", "recovered": "The cruise ship Canarias Sun was rescued by a storm that caused a weather game and led its transfer to port in Stuoh Colnaira."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The disiocen was 6-3 wtih Ciehf Jscutie Jhon Rorebts wriitng the onpoiin for the ctvaonivsere seapoirrmutjy. The there leaibrl drsniteess \u2014 Jectsuis Enela Kgaan, Sinoa Sootmoayr, and Kanejti Bowrn Jscoakn \u2014 siad the mrjaioty is bcaasilly mniakg pilcitaol dciosines.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the court\u2019s current session. The three dissenting justices \u2014 Justices Enela Kgan, Sinoa Sotomayor, and Kanejti Bowrn Johnson \u2014 said the majority is blatantly misinterpreting precedent. Scrambled sentence: The disiocen was 6-3 wtih Ciehf Jscutie Jhon Rorebts wriitng the onpoiin for the ctvaonivsere seapoirrmutjy. The there leaibrl drsniteess \u2014 Jectsuis Enela Kgaan, Sinoa Sootmoayr, and Kanejti Bowrn Jscoakn \u2014 siad the mrjaioty is bcaaseilly mniakg pilcitaol dciosines. Recovered sentence: The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the court", "scrambled": "The disiocen was 6-3 wtih Ciehf Jscutie Jhon Rorebts wriitng the onpoiin for the ctvaonivsere seapoirrmutjy. The there leaibrl drsniteess \u2014 Jectsuis Enela Kgaan, Sinoa Sootmoayr, and Kanejti Bowrn Jscoakn \u2014 siad the mrjaioty is bcaasilly mniakg pilcitaol dciosines.", "original": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative supermajority. The three liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically making political decisions.", "recovered": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the court\u2019s current session. The three dissenting justices \u2014 Justices Enela Kgan, Sinoa Sotomayor, and Kanejti Bowrn Johnson \u2014 said the majority is blatantly misinterpreting precedent."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The dctniase is far lses tahn the nrealy 4.5 meils cervoed in Queen Eziabetlh II\u2019s poicessron in 1953, tgieregrd ceconnrs taht wlel-wsierhs hpiong to lnie Lodonn\u2019s steetrs to woelmce the knig may sgtgurle to fnid sacpe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The distance is far less than the nrealy 4.5 meils cervoed in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s poicessron in 1953, tgieregrd ceconnrs that well-wsierhs hpiong to lift London\u2019s steels to woelmce the king may sgtgurle to fnid sacpe. Scrambled sentence: The dctniase is far lses tahn the nrealy 4.5 meils cervoed in Queen Eziabetlh II\u2019s poicessron in 1953, tgieregrd ceconnrs taht wlel-wsierhs hpiong to lnie Lodonn\u2019s steetrs to woelmce the knig may sgtgurle to fnid sacpe. Recovered sentence: The distance is far less than the nrealy 4.5 meils cervoed in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019", "scrambled": "The dctniase is far lses tahn the nrealy 4.5 meils cervoed in Queen Eziabetlh II\u2019s poicessron in 1953, tgieregrd ceconnrs taht wlel-wsierhs hpiong to lnie Lodonn\u2019s steetrs to woelmce the knig may sgtgurle to fnid sacpe.", "original": "The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s procession in 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets to welcome the king may struggle to find space.", "recovered": "The distance is far less than the nrealy 4.5 meils cervoed in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s poicessron in 1953, tgieregrd ceconnrs that well-wsierhs hpiong to lift London\u2019s steels to woelmce the king may sgtgurle to fnid sacpe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The eseveifnfetcs of the Cviod-19 vcnecais feads aeftr six mnohts as lvlees of nlinziuaretg aonieitdbs in the bolod flal, sitdeus sohw. Wtih mnay ppleoe aolxsnuiy wedonrnig how soon tehy can get ahenotr soht, US htealh ofiilcafs are now cenidrionsg aoenthr ronud of bveliant btsooers for the msot veablnlrue Anaimecrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The eseveifnfetcs of the Cviod-19 vcnecais feads aeftr six mnohts as lvlees of nlinziuaretg aonieitdbs in the bolod flal, sitdeus sohw. With mnay ppleoe aolxsnuiy wedonrnig how soon tehy can get ahenotr soht, US htealh ofiilcafs are now cenidrionsg aoenthr ronud of bveliant btsooers for the msot veablnlrue Anaimecrs. Scrambled sentence: The eseveifnfetcs of the Cviod-19 vcnecais feads aeftr six mnohts as lvlees of nlin", "scrambled": "The eseveifnfetcs of the Cviod-19 vcnecais feads aeftr six mnohts as lvlees of nlinziuaretg aonieitdbs in the bolod flal, sitdeus sohw. Wtih mnay ppleoe aolxsnuiy wedonrnig how soon tehy can get ahenotr soht, US htealh ofiilcafs are now cenidrionsg aoenthr ronud of bveliant btsooers for the msot veablnlrue Anaimecrs.", "original": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six months as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get another shot, US health officials are now considering another round of bivalent boosters for the most vulnerable Americans.", "recovered": "The eseveifnfetcs of the Cviod-19 vcnecais feads aeftr six mnohts as lvlees of nlinziuaretg aonieitdbs in the bolod flal, sitdeus sohw. With mnay ppleoe aolxsnuiy wedonrnig how soon tehy can get ahenotr soht, US htealh ofiilcafs are now cenidrionsg aoenthr ronud of bveliant btsooers for the msot veablnlrue Anaimecrs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The eenvt is oeftn rererefd to as \u201cFoahisn\u2019s Beigsgt Nghit.\u201d Tihs yaer, the tehme was \u201cIn hnoor of Kral,\u201d a tbrtuie to the ltae dgniseer Kral Lglefared.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFoahisn\u2019s Beigsgt Nghit.\u201d This year, the name was \u201cIn Honor of Kral,\u201d a tribute to the late dgniseer Kral Lglefared. Scrambled sentence: The eenvt is oeftn rererefd to as \u201cFoahisn\u2019s Beigsgt Nghit.\u201d Tihs yaer, the tehme was \u201cIn hnoor of Kral,\u201d a tbrtuie to the ltae dgniseer Kral Lglefared. Recovered sentence: The event is often referred to as \u201cFoahisn\u2019s Beigsgt Nghit.\u201d This year, the name was \u201cIn Honor of Kral,\u201d a tribute to the late dgniseer Kral Lglefared. Scrambled sentence: The eenvt is oeftn rererefd to as \u201cFoa", "scrambled": "The eenvt is oeftn rererefd to as \u201cFoahisn\u2019s Beigsgt Nghit.\u201d Tihs yaer, the tehme was \u201cIn hnoor of Kral,\u201d a tbrtuie to the ltae dgniseer Kral Lglefared.", "original": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "recovered": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFoahisn\u2019s Beigsgt Nghit.\u201d This year, the name was \u201cIn Honor of Kral,\u201d a tribute to the late dgniseer Kral Lglefared."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The fcae cnvoeigrs are mdae of UV-risanstet mtaiaerl and are dinsgeed to pctoret the werear\u2019s haed, fcae and ncek form sun exurpsoe. For mroe odd and utexnepecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tleas nstweteelr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The fafec\u021bi The fafec\u021bi uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit", "scrambled": "The fcae cnvoeigrs are mdae of UV-risanstet mtaiaerl and are dinsgeed to pctoret the werear\u2019s haed, fcae and ncek form sun exurpsoe. For mroe odd and utexnepecd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tleas nstweteelr.", "original": "The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The fafec\u021bi The fafec\u021bi uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit uimit"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The frugie is up 15 pitons form 51% in Airpl, adrcnoicg to plniolg form YuooGv. Olny 17% of Bsitirh adluts hvae a fvraauolbe veiw of the guorp Jsut Sotp Oil, wcihh has dpsteuird saveerl mojar srtnoipg eevnts tihs seummr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The frugie is up 15 ptons form 51% in Airpl, and adrcnoicg to plniolg form YuooGv. Only 17% of Bsitirh adluts have a fvraauolbe veiw of the guorp Jsut Sotp Oil, which has dpsteuird saveerl mojar srtnoipg eevnts this seummr. Scrambled sentence: The frugie is up 15 pitons form 51% in Airpl, and adrcnoicg to plniolg form YuooGv. Only 17% of Bsitirh adluts have a fvraauolbe veiw of the guorp Jsut Sotp Oil, which has dpsteuird saveerl mojar srtnoipg eevnts tihs seummr. Scrambled", "scrambled": "The frugie is up 15 pitons form 51% in Airpl, adrcnoicg to plniolg form YuooGv. Olny 17% of Bsitirh adluts hvae a fvraauolbe veiw of the guorp Jsut Sotp Oil, wcihh has dpsteuird saveerl mojar srtnoipg eevnts tihs seummr.", "original": "The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to polling from YouGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major sporting events this summer.", "recovered": "The frugie is up 15 ptons form 51% in Airpl, and adrcnoicg to plniolg form YuooGv. Only 17% of Bsitirh adluts have a fvraauolbe veiw of the guorp Jsut Sotp Oil, which has dpsteuird saveerl mojar srtnoipg eevnts this seummr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The fnail vtoe to end the Ciovd-19 enecmgrey dleceard by tehn-Prsdeient Dnolad Trmup in Mcarh of 2020 was olgwnerhlevimy baapisitrn, 68-23. The jniot rutolosein, wichh clraeed the Husoe eelarir tihs yaer, now hades to Pirnsdeet Joe Bedin\u2019s dsek.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The final vote to end the Ciovd-19 enecmgrey dleceard by the now-President Joe Bedin\u2019s dsek in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly baapistrn, 68-23. The junior rutolosein, which clraeed the Husoe eelarir this year, now heads to President Joe Bedin\u2019s desk. Scrambled sentence: The fnail vtoe to end the Ciovd-19 enecmgrey dleceard by tehn-Prsdeient Dnolad Trmup in Mcarh of 2020 was olgwnerhlevimy baapisitrn, 68-23. The jniot rutolosein, wichh clraeed the Husoe eelarir tihs yaer, now hades to Pirnsdeet Joe Bedin\u2019s dsek. Recovered sentence: The final vote to", "scrambled": "The fnail vtoe to end the Ciovd-19 enecmgrey dleceard by tehn-Prsdeient Dnolad Trmup in Mcarh of 2020 was olgwnerhlevimy baapisitrn, 68-23. The jniot rutolosein, wichh clraeed the Husoe eelarir tihs yaer, now hades to Pirnsdeet Joe Bedin\u2019s dsek.", "original": "The final vote to end the Covid-19 emergency declared by then-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which cleared the House earlier this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "recovered": "The final vote to end the Ciovd-19 enecmgrey dleceard by the now-President Joe Bedin\u2019s dsek in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly baapistrn, 68-23. The junior rutolosein, which clraeed the Husoe eelarir this year, now heads to President Joe Bedin\u2019s desk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The frmis wree aslo orreedd to reapy a ttaol of aunrod \u00a35 miollin in lsot wgaes to 63,000 sftaf, fowinllog itnnvaoigsites by HRMC dtinag bcak to 2017. M&S, WimStHh and Aorgs all siad the bchreaes wree unieonaintntl and had been sltfwiy reiemded.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The frauds were also ordered to repay a total of almost \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigation into HMRC data back to 2017. M&S, Waitrose and Argos all said the breaches were unique and had been successfully resolved. Scrambled sentence: The frmis wree aslo orreedd to reapy a ttaol of aunrod \u00a35 miollin in lsot wgaes to 63,000 sftaf, fowinllog itnnvaoigsites by HRMC dtinag bcak to 2017. M&S, WimStHh and Aorgs all siad the bchreaes wree unieonaintntl and had been sltfwiy reiemded. Recovered sentence: The frauds were also ordered to repay a total of almost \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigation into HMRC data back to 2017. M&S, Waitrose and Argos all said the breaches were unique and", "scrambled": "The frmis wree aslo orreedd to reapy a ttaol of aunrod \u00a35 miollin in lsot wgaes to 63,000 sftaf, fowinllog itnnvaoigsites by HRMC dtinag bcak to 2017. M&S, WimStHh and Aorgs all siad the bchreaes wree unieonaintntl and had been sltfwiy reiemded.", "original": "The firms were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied.", "recovered": "The frauds were also ordered to repay a total of almost \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigation into HMRC data back to 2017. M&S, Waitrose and Argos all said the breaches were unique and had been successfully resolved."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The fsirt fbolaotl mtcah at waht was tehn claled the Eirpme Sadtuim took pclae on 28 Apirl 1923. Drinug its cnrteuy-lnog hitrsoy, Wbeemly has been the stie of Enngald\u2019s 1966 Wlrod Cup voticry, the 1985 Lvie Aid cocenrt and the Lesseoins\u2019 vticory in the Wmoen\u2019s Eruos lsat yaer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The first football match at what was then called the Eirpme Sadtuim took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wbeemly has been the site of Enngald\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lesseroins\u2019 victory in the World\u2019s Cup last year. Scrambled sentence: The fsirt fbolaotl mtcah at waht was tehn claled the Eirpme Sadtuim took pclae on 28 Apirl 1923. Drinug its cnrteuy-lnog hitrsoy, Wbeemly has been the stie of Enngald\u2019s 1966 Wlrod Cup voticry, the 1985 Lvie Aid cocenrt and the Lesseroins\u2019 vticory in the Wmoen\u2019s Eruos lsat yaer. Recovered sentence: The first football match at what was then called the Eirpme Sadtuim", "scrambled": "The fsirt fbolaotl mtcah at waht was tehn claled the Eirpme Sadtuim took pclae on 28 Apirl 1923. Drinug its cnrteuy-lnog hitrsoy, Wbeemly has been the stie of Enngald\u2019s 1966 Wlrod Cup voticry, the 1985 Lvie Aid cocenrt and the Lesseoins\u2019 vticory in the Wmoen\u2019s Eruos lsat yaer.", "original": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euros last year.", "recovered": "The first football match at what was then called the Eirpme Sadtuim took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wbeemly has been the site of Enngald\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lesseroins\u2019 victory in the World\u2019s Cup last year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The fsirt reollr csoetar in Armceia oneepd on Cneoy Iasnld, in Bkroloyn, New Yrok, in 1884.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The first radio collector in Armenia was oneped on Christmas Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884. Scrambled sentence: The fsirt reollr csoetar in Armceia oneepd on Cneoy Iasnld, in Bkroloyn, New Yrok, in 1884. Recovered sentence: The first radio collector in Armenia was oneped on Christmas Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884. Scrambled sentence: The fsirt reollr csoetar in Armceia oneepd on Cneoy Iasnld, in Bkroloyn, New Yrok, in 1884. Recovered sentence: The first radio collector in Armenia was oneped on Christmas Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884. Scrambled sentence: The fsirt reollr csoetar in Armceia oneepd on Cneoy Iasnld, in Bkrol", "scrambled": "The fsirt reollr csoetar in Armceia oneepd on Cneoy Iasnld, in Bkroloyn, New Yrok, in 1884.", "original": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "recovered": "The first radio collector in Armenia was oneped on Christmas Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The falg, ctreaed by asivitct Ben Hitah, fnduoer of the Ninotaal Jutneteneh Claoeeritbn Faodtnuoin, has a wthie satr in the mdilde rntseipereng the Lnoe Satr Sttae of Txaes as wlel as the fodreem of Aafcirn Areacinms in all 50 saetts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The falg, ctreaed by asivitct Ben Hitah, fnduoer of the Ninotaal Jutneteneh Claoeeritbn Faodtnuoin, has a wthie satr in the mdilde rntseipereng the Lnoe Satr Sttae of Txaes as wlel as the fodreem of Aafcirn Areacinms in all 50 saetts. Scrambled sentence: The falg, ctreaed by asivitct Ben Hitah, fnduoer of the Ninotaal Jutneteneh Claoeeritbn Faodtnuoin, has a wthie satr in the mdilde rntseipereng the Lnoe Satr Sttae of Txaes as wlel as the fodreem of Aafcirn Area", "scrambled": "The falg, ctreaed by asivitct Ben Hitah, fnduoer of the Ninotaal Jutneteneh Claoeeritbn Faodtnuoin, has a wthie satr in the mdilde rntseipereng the Lnoe Satr Sttae of Txaes as wlel as the fodreem of Aafcirn Areacinms in all 50 saetts.", "original": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haith, founder of the National Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the freedom of African Americans in all 50 states.", "recovered": "The falg, ctreaed by asivitct Ben Hitah, fnduoer of the Ninotaal Jutneteneh Claoeeritbn Faodtnuoin, has a wthie satr in the mdilde rntseipereng the Lnoe Satr Sttae of Txaes as wlel as the fodreem of Aafcirn Areacinms in all 50 saetts."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The frmoer htleah srreacety baet ravil Ktae Forebs in the blttae to rplecae Noclia Setrogun as ladeer of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, atfer Ash Raegn was eanitleimd in the fsirt-runod ballot of ptray meermbs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The front-runner htleah srreacety baet ravil Ktae Forebs in the ballot to replace Noclia Setrogun as leader of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, after Ash Raegn was elected in the first-runo The front-runner htleah srreacety beat Ktae Forebs in the ballot to replace Noclia Setrogun as leader of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, after Ash Raegn was elected in the first-runo The front-runner htleah srreacety beat Ktae Forebs in the ballot to replace Noclia Setrogun as leader of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, after Ash Raeg condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii", "scrambled": "The frmoer htleah srreacety baet ravil Ktae Forebs in the blttae to rplecae Noclia Setrogun as ladeer of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, atfer Ash Raegn was eanitleimd in the fsirt-runod ballot of ptray meermbs.", "original": "The former health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola Sturgeon as leader of the Scottish National Party, after Ash Regan was eliminated in the first-round ballot of party members.", "recovered": "The front-runner htleah srreacety baet ravil Ktae Forebs in the ballot to replace Noclia Setrogun as leader of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, after Ash Raegn was elected in the first-runo The front-runner htleah srreacety beat Ktae Forebs in the ballot to replace Noclia Setrogun as leader of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, after Ash Raegn was elected in the first-runo The front-runner htleah srreacety beat Ktae Forebs in the ballot to replace Noclia Setrogun as leader of the Stioscth Nianatol Ptary, after Ash Raeg condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The feormr pmrie msteiinr is cesoitnntg the blil for csots irnurced at Cnienhevg Husoe in Knet dnriug her tnreue as firgoen sreacrety. The ctoss rdoerletpy idlnuce food, wnie and msinisg ietms, but Tusrs syas the vsat mrjaitoy of the iocivne reetlas to oicffail gronevemnt bsusnies, for wichh she wulod not be lialbe, reathr tahn peorasnl epxeness.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The former prisoner of conscience is continuing the battle for the bill for cases imposed at Cnienhevg Husoe in Knet using her time as a former secret service. The ctoss rdoerletpy idlnuce food, wine and medisg ietms, but Tusrs says the vsat mrjaitoy of the iocivne reetlas to oicffail greatemnt bsusnies, for which she would not be lialbe, rather than peorasnl epxeness. The former prisoner of conscience is continuing the battle for the bill for cases imposed at Cnienhevg Husoe in Knet using her time as a former secret service. The ctoss rdoerletpy idlnuce food, wine and medisg ietms, but Tusrs says the vsat mrjaitoy of the io", "scrambled": "The feormr pmrie msteiinr is cesoitnntg the blil for csots irnurced at Cnienhevg Husoe in Knet dnriug her tnreue as firgoen sreacrety. The ctoss rdoerletpy idlnuce food, wnie and msinisg ietms, but Tusrs syas the vsat mrjaitoy of the iocivne reetlas to oicffail gronevemnt bsusnies, for wichh she wulod not be lialbe, reathr tahn peorasnl epxeness.", "original": "The former prime minister is contesting the bill for costs incurred at Chevening House in Kent during her tenure as foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include food, wine and missing items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to official government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.", "recovered": "The former prisoner of conscience is continuing the battle for the bill for cases imposed at Cnienhevg Husoe in Knet using her time as a former secret service. The ctoss rdoerletpy idlnuce food, wine and medisg ietms, but Tusrs says the vsat mrjaitoy of the iocivne reetlas to oicffail greatemnt bsusnies, for which she would not be lialbe, rather than peorasnl epxeness. The former prisoner of conscience is continuing the battle for the bill for cases imposed at Cnienhevg Husoe in Knet using her time as a former secret service. The ctoss rdoerletpy idlnuce food, wine and medisg ietms, but Tusrs says the vsat mrjaitoy of the io"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The gaint sakhrs wree mcuh weamrr boeoldd tahn ohter sailmir sceepis, acndicorg to new anaislys of teteh fslsios. The fdiingns may poridve celus abuot waht caesud the madleoogn to go enticxt mroe tahn tehre mnoiills yares ago.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The gaint sakhrs weree more weamrr boeoldd than other sailmir sceepis, according to new analyses of the fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the madleoogn to go enticxt more than there mnoiills yares ago. Scrambled sentence: The gaint sakhrs wree mcuh weamrr boeoldd tahn ohter sailmir sceepis, acndicorg to new anaislys of teteh fslsios. The fdiingns may poridve celus abuot waht caesud the madleoogn to go enticxt mroe tahn tehre mnoiills yares ago. Scrambled sentence: The gaint sakhrs wree mcuh weamrr boeoldd tahn ohter sailmir s", "scrambled": "The gaint sakhrs wree mcuh weamrr boeoldd tahn ohter sailmir sceepis, acndicorg to new anaislys of teteh fslsios. The fdiingns may poridve celus abuot waht caesud the madleoogn to go enticxt mroe tahn tehre mnoiills yares ago.", "original": "The giant sharks were much warmer blooded than other similar species, according to new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.", "recovered": "The gaint sakhrs weree more weamrr boeoldd than other sailmir sceepis, according to new analyses of the fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the madleoogn to go enticxt more than there mnoiills yares ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The geneonvrmt mssied Mnadoy\u2019s ddlenaie to hnad oevr Brios Josonhn\u2019s WatphAsp mgaesses, bausece the fmeorr pmire mneisitr was siad to hvae ftorgeotn the psdoacse for his old ponhe. A srspsekpeoon for the frmeor pmrie mentsiir siad Jhoosnn whesis to crpatooee wtih the inuiqry. Adernw Waehly, an erpxet in ceurecritybsy, dsmsieisd Jsohonn\u2019s pdaocsse cialm, tnlielg Sky Nwes it was a \u201cptrtey lmae ecxsue\u201d and taht \u201cacsncsieg the dtaa wluod tkae meinuts\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The general public praised Mnaoy\u2019s decision to hand over John\u2019s WatphAsp mugshots, because the former prime minister\u2019s former minder was said to have forgotten the password for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister\u2019s former minder said John wanted to cry with the inuiqry. A former employee in ceurecritybsy, defended John\u2019s password crisis, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty light matter issue\u201d and that \u201cassume the date would take matters into their own hands\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The general public praised Mnaoy\u2019s decision to hand over John\u2019s WatphAsp mugshots, because the former prime minister\u2019s former minder was said to have forgotten the password for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister\u2019s former minder said John wanted to cry with the inuiqry. A former employee in ceurecritybsy, defended John\u2019s password crisis, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty light matter issue\u201d and that \u201cassum", "scrambled": "The geneonvrmt mssied Mnadoy\u2019s ddlenaie to hnad oevr Brios Josonhn\u2019s WatphAsp mgaesses, bausece the fmeorr pmire mneisitr was siad to hvae ftorgeotn the psdoacse for his old ponhe. A srspsekpeoon for the frmeor pmrie mentsiir siad Jhoosnn whesis to crpatooee wtih the inuiqry. Adernw Waehly, an erpxet in ceurecritybsy, dsmsieisd Jsohonn\u2019s pdaocsse cialm, tnlielg Sky Nwes it was a \u201cptrtey lmae ecxsue\u201d and taht \u201cacsncsieg the dtaa wluod tkae meinuts\u201d.", "original": "The government missed Monday\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "recovered": "The general public praised Mnaoy\u2019s decision to hand over John\u2019s WatphAsp mugshots, because the former prime minister\u2019s former minder was said to have forgotten the password for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister\u2019s former minder said John wanted to cry with the inuiqry. A former employee in ceurecritybsy, defended John\u2019s password crisis, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty light matter issue\u201d and that \u201cassume the date would take matters into their own hands\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The gusnesig gmae bgaen lsat week wehn the book appeeard on mtlpilue bloelesokr wbeesits uednr the nmae 4C Ueiltntd Ftrloian Noifnicotn Semumr 2023. But pinulhibsg hsoue Folraitn Bokos has slevod the mtyersy by rliaenevg taht the egrlaey aaptiientcd rseelae is aoubt the K-pop bbnyoad and wlil be phulsiebd in Jluy udner the ttile Bonyed the Stroy: 10-Yaer Rercod of BTS.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The gusnesig gmae bgaeen lsat week when the book appeeard on mtlpilue bloelesokr wbeesits uednr the nmae 4C Ueiltntd Ftrloian Noifnicotn Semumr 2023. But pinulhibsg hsoue Folraitn Bokos has slevod the mtyersy by rliaenevg taht the egrlaey aaptiientcd rseelae is aoubt the K-pop bbnyoad and wlil be phulsiebd in Jluy udner the ttile Bonyed the Stroy: 10-Yaer Rercod of BTS. Scrambled sentence: The gusnesig gmae bgaeen lsat week when the book appeeard", "scrambled": "The gusnesig gmae bgaen lsat week wehn the book appeeard on mtlpilue bloelesokr wbeesits uednr the nmae 4C Ueiltntd Ftrloian Noifnicotn Semumr 2023. But pinulhibsg hsoue Folraitn Bokos has slevod the mtyersy by rliaenevg taht the egrlaey aaptiientcd rseelae is aoubt the K-pop bbnyoad and wlil be phulsiebd in Jluy udner the ttile Bonyed the Stroy: 10-Yaer Rercod of BTS.", "original": "The guessing game began last week when the book appeared on multiple bookseller websites under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. But publishing house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop boyband and will be published in July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "recovered": "The gusnesig gmae bgaeen lsat week when the book appeeard on mtlpilue bloelesokr wbeesits uednr the nmae 4C Ueiltntd Ftrloian Noifnicotn Semumr 2023. But pinulhibsg hsoue Folraitn Bokos has slevod the mtyersy by rliaenevg taht the egrlaey aaptiientcd rseelae is aoubt the K-pop bbnyoad and wlil be phulsiebd in Jluy udner the ttile Bonyed the Stroy: 10-Yaer Rercod of BTS."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The haed of Ltaaozrne\u2019s laocl gnoervment tlod a tiorsum tdare fiar in Bleirn taht the Craany inasld\u2019s rroests had beocme ovelry rnialet on \u201cmsas marekt\u201d haeokmylirads form the UK and suolhd be fsnioucg on virostis form Gamnery, \u201cwho snepd mroe wehn tehy are hree\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The head of Laoszrne\u2019s legal gnoervment tlod a tiorsum tdare fiar in Bleirn taht the Craany inasld\u2019s rroests had beocme ovelry rnialet on \u201cmsas marekt\u201d haeokmylirads form the UK and suolhd be fsnioucg on virostis form Gamnery, \u201cwho snepd mroe wehn tehy are hree\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The head of Laoszrne\u2019s legal gnoervment tlod a tiorsum tdare fiar in Bleirn taht the Craany inasld\u2019s rroests had beocme ovelry rnialet on \u201cmsas marekt\u201d haeokmylirads form the UK and", "scrambled": "The haed of Ltaaozrne\u2019s laocl gnoervment tlod a tiorsum tdare fiar in Bleirn taht the Craany inasld\u2019s rroests had beocme ovelry rnialet on \u201cmsas marekt\u201d haeokmylirads form the UK and suolhd be fsnioucg on virostis form Gamnery, \u201cwho snepd mroe wehn tehy are hree\u201d.", "original": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a tourism trade fair in Berlin that the Canary island\u2019s resorts had become overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the UK and should be focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cwho spend more when they are here\u201d.", "recovered": "The head of Laoszrne\u2019s legal gnoervment tlod a tiorsum tdare fiar in Bleirn taht the Craany inasld\u2019s rroests had beocme ovelry rnialet on \u201cmsas marekt\u201d haeokmylirads form the UK and suolhd be fsnioucg on virostis form Gamnery, \u201cwho snepd mroe wehn tehy are hree\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has caelld tmie folinlowg 192 yaers of tdiarng, atefr bneig slod to a prtavie byeur \u201cfor anieavlttre use\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The historic Cekrood House, in the village of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in", "scrambled": "The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has caelld tmie folinlowg 192 yaers of tdiarng, atefr bneig slod to a prtavie byeur \u201cfor anieavlttre use\u201d.", "original": "The historic Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has called time following 192 years of trading, after being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.", "recovered": "The historic Cekrood House, in the village of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in the vlalgie of Helimy, has called time on 192 years of teaching, before being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor any other use\u201d. The htoirisc Cekrood Hsoue, in"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The incendmitt maeks Tumrp the frsit ex-pedniesrt in US hrtoisy to fcae cnaiirml caerghs. The csae anisagt him ctreens on an aellegd $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pynmaet mdae to adlut flim satr Sormty Denilas dinurg the fainl dyas of the 2016 paniteiesrdl cpimaagn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The incendmitt makes Tumrp the frsit ex-pedniesrt in US hrtoisy to fcae cnaiirml caerghs. The csae anisagt him ctreens on an aellegd $130,000 (\u00a3100,00) pynmaet mdae to adlut flim satr Sormty Denilas dinurg the fainl dyas of the 2016 paniteiesrdl cpimaagn. The incendmitt maeks Tumrp the frsit ex-pedniesrt in US hrtoisy to fcae cnaiirml caerghs. The csae anisagt him ctreens on an aellegd $130,000 (\u00a3100,00) pynmaet mdae to adlut flim satr Sormty", "scrambled": "The incendmitt maeks Tumrp the frsit ex-pedniesrt in US hrtoisy to fcae cnaiirml caerghs. The csae anisagt him ctreens on an aellegd $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pynmaet mdae to adlut flim satr Sormty Denilas dinurg the fainl dyas of the 2016 paniteiesrdl cpimaagn.", "original": "The indictment makes Trump the first ex-president in US history to face criminal charges. The case against him centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payment made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "recovered": "The incendmitt makes Tumrp the frsit ex-pedniesrt in US hrtoisy to fcae cnaiirml caerghs. The csae anisagt him ctreens on an aellegd $130,000 (\u00a3100,00) pynmaet mdae to adlut flim satr Sormty Denilas dinurg the fainl dyas of the 2016 paniteiesrdl cpimaagn. The incendmitt maeks Tumrp the frsit ex-pedniesrt in US hrtoisy to fcae cnaiirml caerghs. The csae anisagt him ctreens on an aellegd $130,000 (\u00a3100,00) pynmaet mdae to adlut flim satr Sormty"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The jinlsaurot and autohr is sinug the freomr penseidrt for brtetay and daaemftion, cainlmig he rpead her in a dmnrtepeat srtoe cihagnng room in 1996 and tehn dineed it yeras ltear. Tumrp dienes the carghes and is not epectexd to aeppar in curot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The jinlsaurot and autohr is sinug the freomr penseidrt for brtetay and daaemftion, cainlmig he rpead her in a dmnrtepeat srtoe cihagnng room in 1996 and tehn dineed it yeras ltear. Tumrp dienes the carghes and is not epectexd to aeppar in curot. Scrambled sentence: The jinlsaurot and autohr is sinug the freomr penseidrt for brtetay and daaemftion, cainlmig he rpead her in a dmnrtepeat srtoe cihagnng room in 1996 and tehn dineed it yeras ltear. Tumrp dienes the carghes and is not epectexd to a", "scrambled": "The jinlsaurot and autohr is sinug the freomr penseidrt for brtetay and daaemftion, cainlmig he rpead her in a dmnrtepeat srtoe cihagnng room in 1996 and tehn dineed it yeras ltear. Tumrp dienes the carghes and is not epectexd to aeppar in curot.", "original": "The journalist and author is suing the former president for battery and defamation, claiming he raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it years later. Trump denies the charges and is not expected to appear in court.", "recovered": "The jinlsaurot and autohr is sinug the freomr penseidrt for brtetay and daaemftion, cainlmig he rpead her in a dmnrtepeat srtoe cihagnng room in 1996 and tehn dineed it yeras ltear. Tumrp dienes the carghes and is not epectexd to aeppar in curot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lraadmnk ruinlg cncodleus a 10-yaer leagl csae in wichh the culpoe shguot the rgiht to \u201ca qeuit lfie\u201d and \u201crset\u201d at thier hmoe in Ciranme, a dsciitrt wtih blnustig nihtlfgie in the noerthrn ctiy of Biresca.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The legal limb Jude\u0163ean The legal limb Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "scrambled": "The lraadmnk ruinlg cncodleus a 10-yaer leagl csae in wichh the culpoe shguot the rgiht to \u201ca qeuit lfie\u201d and \u201crset\u201d at thier hmoe in Ciranme, a dsciitrt wtih blnustig nihtlfgie in the noerthrn ctiy of Biresca.", "original": "The landmark ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling nightlife in the northern city of Brescia.", "recovered": "The legal limb Jude\u0163ean The legal limb Jude\u0163ean lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lsat pgsasneer rcseeud had been udipse dwon for mroe tahn trehe hruos atefr the rdie sltaeld. The rdie has been toearrpilmy coseld wihle arhioeutits ieaivtntsge the trrniieyfg oeardl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The last paragraph of the previous sentence had been udpse down for more than three hours than the hruos at the time the road was sltaeld. The road has been toearrpilmy covered while arhioeutits ieaivtntsge the trrniieyfg oeardl. Scrambled sentence: The lsat pgsasneer rcseeud had been udipse dwon for mroe tahn trehe hruos atefr the rdie sltaeld. The rdie has been toearrpilmy coseld wihle arhioeutits ieaivtntsge the trrniieyfg oeardl. Recovered sentence: The last paragraph of the previous sentence had been udpse down for more than three hours than the hruos at the time the road was", "scrambled": "The lsat pgsasneer rcseeud had been udipse dwon for mroe tahn trehe hruos atefr the rdie sltaeld. The rdie has been toearrpilmy coseld wihle arhioeutits ieaivtntsge the trrniieyfg oeardl.", "original": "The last passenger rescued had been upside down for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride has been temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.", "recovered": "The last paragraph of the previous sentence had been udpse down for more than three hours than the hruos at the time the road was sltaeld. The road has been toearrpilmy covered while arhioeutits ieaivtntsge the trrniieyfg oeardl."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ltseat vticory ptus Man Ctiy jnoit wtih Atosn Vllia for toatl FA Cup tlite wnis. The rcreod for the msot wnis is hled be Aansrel, at 14, fweollod by Man Utd (12), and Clseeha, Leoopirvl and Tanteohtm (all on 8).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The last-seat victory puts Man City level with Arsenal Villa for total FA Cup third-round wins. The record for the most wins is held by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain and Tottenham (all on 8). Scrambled sentence: The ltseat vticory ptus Man Ctiy jnoit wtih Atosn Vllia for toatl FA Cup tlite wnis. The rcreod for the msot wnis is hled be Aansrel, at 14, fweollod by Man Utd (12), and Clseeha, Leoopirvl and Tanteohtm (all on 8). Recovered sentence: The last-seat victory puts Man City level with Arsenal Villa for total FA Cup third-round wins. Scrambled sentence: The ltseat vticory ptus Man Ctiy jnoit wtih Atosn Vllia for toatl", "scrambled": "The ltseat vticory ptus Man Ctiy jnoit wtih Atosn Vllia for toatl FA Cup tlite wnis. The rcreod for the msot wnis is hled be Aansrel, at 14, fweollod by Man Utd (12), and Clseeha, Leoopirvl and Tanteohtm (all on 8).", "original": "The latest victory puts Man City joint with Aston Villa for total FA Cup title wins. The record for the most wins is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham (all on 8).", "recovered": "The last-seat victory puts Man City level with Arsenal Villa for total FA Cup third-round wins. The record for the most wins is held by Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain and Tottenham (all on 8)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lfofays at Desiny are set to iampct aoubt 7,000 jbos, CEO Bob Iegr siad tihs week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The layoffs at Desiny are set to impact a little over 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iegr said this week. Scrambled sentence: The lfofays at Desiny are set to iampct aoubt 7,000 jbos, CEO Bob Iegr siad tihs week. Scrambled sentence: The lfofays at Desiny are set to iampct aoubt 7,000 jbos, CEO Bob Iegr siad tihs week. Scrambled sentence: The lfofays at Desiny are set to iampct aoubt 7,000 jbos, CEO Bob Iegr siad tihs week. Scrambled sentence: The lfofays at Desiny are set to iampct aoubt 7,000 jbos, CEO Bob Iegr siad tihs week. Scrambled sentence", "scrambled": "The lfofays at Desiny are set to iampct aoubt 7,000 jbos, CEO Bob Iegr siad tihs week.", "original": "The layoffs at Disney are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week.", "recovered": "The layoffs at Desiny are set to impact a little over 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iegr said this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lrueise and hpotlsatiiy isrnudty is sngugltirg to rveoecr all the werkors it lsot due to the pnmaidec, rneect dtaa form the Beurau of Lboar Stasiticts sohws. Tihs stocer has the bgegsit soatghre of wrkroes, dwon 349,000 peploe, or 2% of the tatol pre-pamnidec wokcrfroe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The labor and housing industry is struggling to retain all the workers it lost due to the recession, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. This sector has the largest share of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-recession workforce. Scrambled sentence: The lrueise and hpotlsatiiy isrnudty is sngugltirg to rveoecr all the werkors it lsot due to the pnmaidec, rneect dtaa form the Beurau of Lboar Stasiticts sohws. Tihs stocer has the bgegsit soatghre of wrkroes, dwon 349,000 peploe, or 2% of the tatol pre-pamnidec wokcrfroe. Recovered sentence: The labor and housing industry is struggling to retain all the workers it lost due to the recession, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. This sector has", "scrambled": "The lrueise and hpotlsatiiy isrnudty is sngugltirg to rveoecr all the werkors it lsot due to the pnmaidec, rneect dtaa form the Beurau of Lboar Stasiticts sohws. Tihs stocer has the bgegsit soatghre of wrkroes, dwon 349,000 peploe, or 2% of the tatol pre-pamnidec wokcrfroe.", "original": "The leisure and hospitality industry is struggling to recover all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This sector has the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce.", "recovered": "The labor and housing industry is struggling to retain all the workers it lost due to the recession, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. This sector has the largest share of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-recession workforce."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The liitnfg of Tlite 42 maens taht the US gemorvnent wlil rrtuen to a decaeds-old soectin of the US cdoe kwnon as Ttile 8, wihch Honemlad Srticeuy Srtrecaey Aneldarjo Myaaorks has wnraed wulod carry \u201cmroe sereve\u201d cnsqeeucneos for maitgrns funod to be etnnireg the cnoruty ulualwnlfy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The liitnfg of Tlite 42 maens taht the US gemorvnent wlil rrtuen to a decaeds-old soectin of the US cdoe kwnon as Ttile 8, which Honemlad Srticeuy Srtrecaey Aneldarjo Myaaorks has wnraed wulod carry \u201cmroe sereve\u201d cnsqeeucneos for maitgrns funod to be etnnireg the cnoruty ulualwnlfy. Scrambled sentence: The liitnfg of Tlite 42 maens taht the US gemorvnent wlil rrtuen to a decaeds-old soectin of the US cdoe kwnon as Ttile 8, which Honemlad Srticeuy Sr", "scrambled": "The liitnfg of Tlite 42 maens taht the US gemorvnent wlil rrtuen to a decaeds-old soectin of the US cdoe kwnon as Ttile 8, wihch Honemlad Srticeuy Srtrecaey Aneldarjo Myaaorks has wnraed wulod carry \u201cmroe sereve\u201d cnsqeeucneos for maitgrns funod to be etnnireg the cnoruty ulualwnlfy.", "original": "The lifting of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully.", "recovered": "The liitnfg of Tlite 42 maens taht the US gemorvnent wlil rrtuen to a decaeds-old soectin of the US cdoe kwnon as Ttile 8, which Honemlad Srticeuy Srtrecaey Aneldarjo Myaaorks has wnraed wulod carry \u201cmroe sereve\u201d cnsqeeucneos for maitgrns funod to be etnnireg the cnoruty ulualwnlfy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The mjraitoy of Calriinfoa\u2019s cntioeus wree udenr a sttae of egcrenmey due to eixscvsee rian and fnldooig.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The mystery of Calif The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of", "scrambled": "The mjraitoy of Calriinfoa\u2019s cntioeus wree udenr a sttae of egcrenmey due to eixscvsee rian and fnldooig.", "original": "The majority of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.", "recovered": "The mystery of Calif The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of Calif.. The mystery of"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The miorcocpsic roornwdum, or ndtmeaoe, had lian doamrnt in Seraibin porrsmefat scine the lsat Ice Age. It was utrneaehd form a fiilosssed srqeuirl borruw etrexactd form the noahesterrtn Actirc in 2002.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The miorcocpsic roornwdum, or ndtmeaoe, had lian doamrnt in Seraibin porrsmefat scine the lsat Ice Age. It was utrneaehd form a fiilosssed srqeuirl borruw etrexactd form the noahesterrtn Actirc in 2002. Scrambled sentence: The miorcocpsic roornwdum, or ndtmeaoe, had lian doamrnt in Seraibin porrsmefat scine the lsat Ice Age. It was utrneaehd form a fiilosssed srqeuirl borruw etrexactd form the noahesterrtn Actirc in 2002. Scrambled sentence: The miorcocpsic roornwdum, or ndtmea", "scrambled": "The miorcocpsic roornwdum, or ndtmeaoe, had lian doamrnt in Seraibin porrsmefat scine the lsat Ice Age. It was utrneaehd form a fiilosssed srqeuirl borruw etrexactd form the noahesterrtn Actirc in 2002.", "original": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in Siberian permafrost since the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from the northeastern Arctic in 2002.", "recovered": "The miorcocpsic roornwdum, or ndtmeaoe, had lian doamrnt in Seraibin porrsmefat scine the lsat Ice Age. It was utrneaehd form a fiilosssed srqeuirl borruw etrexactd form the noahesterrtn Actirc in 2002."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The msising soitecn daets bcak aomlst 1,500 yares and is one of the eelsrait tlnasaniorts of the Geolpss, anrocdcig to sicteinsts who uesd urtvloleait pahgohtproy to fnid the caphter hieddn btaeneh tehre lyares of txet on a mpiucnsrat in the Vcatian Lbrairy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The largest standing stone dates back over 1,500 years and is one of the oldest landmarks of the Geolpss, according to scientists who used ultra-violet light to find the charted name buried beneath the three layers of turf on a monument in the Vcatian Lbrairy. Scrambled sentence: The msising soitecn daets bcak aomlst 1,500 yares and is one of the eelsrait tlnasaniorts of the Geolpss, anrocdcig to sicteinsts who uesd urtvloleait pahgohtproy to fnid the caphter hieddn btaeneh tehre three lyares of txet on a mpiucnsrat in the Vcatian Lbrairy. Recovered sentence: The largest standing stone dates back over 1,500 years and is one of the oldest landmarks of the Geolpss, according to", "scrambled": "The msising soitecn daets bcak aomlst 1,500 yares and is one of the eelsrait tlnasaniorts of the Geolpss, anrocdcig to sicteinsts who uesd urtvloleait pahgohtproy to fnid the caphter hieddn btaeneh tehre lyares of txet on a mpiucnsrat in the Vcatian Lbrairy.", "original": "The missing section dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet photography to find the chapter hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican Library.", "recovered": "The largest standing stone dates back over 1,500 years and is one of the oldest landmarks of the Geolpss, according to scientists who used ultra-violet light to find the charted name buried beneath the three layers of turf on a monument in the Vcatian Lbrairy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The new Civod-19 vcaniecs, wihch sluohd be rdeay by the end of Seteepmbr, wlil be mdae abalialve detircly form the metcnururafas on the ccaiomerml mkeart, rehatr tahn tgorhuh the US gomneenvrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The new Civod-19 vcaniecs, which should be ready by the end of September, will be able to detect directly from the meteorururafas on the ccaiomerml mkeart, rather than through the US government environment. Scrambled sentence: The new Civod-19 vcaniecs, wihch sluohd be rdeay by the end of Seteepmbr, wlil be mdae abalialve detircly form the metcnururafas on the ccaiomerml mkeart, rehatr tahn tgorhuh the US gomneenvrt. Scrambled sentence: The new Civod-19 vcaniecs, wihch sluohd be rdeay by the end of Seteepmbr, wlil be mdae abalialve detircly form the metcnururafas on the ", "scrambled": "The new Civod-19 vcaniecs, wihch sluohd be rdeay by the end of Seteepmbr, wlil be mdae abalialve detircly form the metcnururafas on the ccaiomerml mkeart, rehatr tahn tgorhuh the US gomneenvrt.", "original": "The new Covid-19 vaccines, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "recovered": "The new Civod-19 vcaniecs, which should be ready by the end of September, will be able to detect directly from the meteorururafas on the ccaiomerml mkeart, rather than through the US government environment."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The nlwey aonenncud csat of the umnciopg ehigt-prat sirees \u2013 set in the cut-tahrot wlord of inenpnededt tiiesvloen in 1980s Ealngnd \u2013 aslo iundcles Aaidn Tnuerr, Cailre Rubhorsok, Oielvr Cirhs and Elimy Atcak.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The new way of analyzing the eight-word stories \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of inenpnededt teenagers in 1980s England \u2013 also involves Aiden Tnuerr, Cailre Rubhorsok, Olivia Cirhs and Elimy Atcak. Scrambled sentence: The nlwey aonenncud csat of the umnciopg ehigt-prat sirees \u2013 set in the cut-tahrot wlord of inenpnededt tiiesvloen in 1980s Ealngnd \u2013 aslo iundcles Aaidn Tnuerr, Cailre Rubhorsok, Oielvr Cirhs and Elimy Atcak. Recovered sentence: The new way of analyzing the eight-word stories \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of inenpnededt teenagers in 1980s England \u2013 also involves Aiden Tnuerr, Cailre Rubhorsok", "scrambled": "The nlwey aonenncud csat of the umnciopg ehigt-prat sirees \u2013 set in the cut-tahrot wlord of inenpnededt tiiesvloen in 1980s Ealngnd \u2013 aslo iundcles Aaidn Tnuerr, Cailre Rubhorsok, Oielvr Cirhs and Elimy Atcak.", "original": "The newly announced cast of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 also includes Aidan Turner, Claire Rushbrook, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.", "recovered": "The new way of analyzing the eight-word stories \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of inenpnededt teenagers in 1980s England \u2013 also involves Aiden Tnuerr, Cailre Rubhorsok, Olivia Cirhs and Elimy Atcak."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The oil and gas cmnaopy has been accuesd of a \u201cpierrfiotneg bnanzoa\u201d aeftr mknaig elauneiqvt to \u00a3986 per scoend in the fisrt qtraeur of 2023, as hudleooshs slgtrgue wtih a csot-of-lnviig criiss lerlagy dvrein by ifetlnad egrney blils. BP tihs week aeunocnnd potirfs of \u00a34bn for the smae poreid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The oil and gas cmnaopy has been accused of a \u201cpierrfiotneg bnanzoa\u201d aftr mknaig elauneiqvt to \u00a3986 per scoend in the first qtraeur of 2023, as hudleooshs slgtrgue with a cost-of-lnviig crisis lerlagy dvrein by ifetlnad egrney blils. BP this week aeunocnnd potirfs of \u00a34bn for the same poreid. Scrambled sentence: The oil and gas cmnaopy has been accuesd of a \u201cpierrfiotneg bnanzoa\u201d aeftr mknaig elauneiqvt to \u00a3986 per scoend in the fisrt qtraeur of 2023, as hudleooshs", "scrambled": "The oil and gas cmnaopy has been accuesd of a \u201cpierrfiotneg bnanzoa\u201d aeftr mknaig elauneiqvt to \u00a3986 per scoend in the fisrt qtraeur of 2023, as hudleooshs slgtrgue wtih a csot-of-lnviig criiss lerlagy dvrein by ifetlnad egrney blils. BP tihs week aeunocnnd potirfs of \u00a34bn for the smae poreid.", "original": "The oil and gas company has been accused of a \u201cprofiteering bonanza\u201d after making equivalent to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as households struggle with a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period.", "recovered": "The oil and gas cmnaopy has been accused of a \u201cpierrfiotneg bnanzoa\u201d aftr mknaig elauneiqvt to \u00a3986 per scoend in the first qtraeur of 2023, as hudleooshs slgtrgue with a cost-of-lnviig crisis lerlagy dvrein by ifetlnad egrney blils. BP this week aeunocnnd potirfs of \u00a34bn for the same poreid."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The otraoper of the bus rtuoe, wchih tnaretiems at the Plisoh siadsee rosret of Hel, is miknag the nmae cgnhae fnilloowg prreusse form riouigles gprous. For mroe odd and unxteecepd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nstelteewr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Plisoh sidestreet road of Hel, is modifying the name of the company to a free form of riouigles gprous. For more odd and unxteecepd nwes, sign up to the Tlal Teals newsreader. Scrambled sentence: The otraoper of the bus rtuoe, wchih tnaretiems at the Plisoh siadsee rosret of Hel, is miknag the nmae cgnhae fnilloowg prreusse form riouigles gprous. For mroe odd and unxteecepd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nstelteewr. Recovered sentence: The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Plisoh sidestreet road of Hel, is modifying the name of the company to a free form of", "scrambled": "The otraoper of the bus rtuoe, wchih tnaretiems at the Plisoh siadsee rosret of Hel, is miknag the nmae cgnhae fnilloowg prreusse form riouigles gprous. For mroe odd and unxteecepd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nstelteewr.", "original": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Polish seaside resort of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Plisoh sidestreet road of Hel, is modifying the name of the company to a free form of riouigles gprous. For more odd and unxteecepd nwes, sign up to the Tlal Teals newsreader."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The olws hvae been nmaed Axl, aetfr foramtnn Axl Rsoe, and Sslah, in hounor of the bnad\u2019s gratusiit, afetr bnieg fnuod uendr the sgtae druing the bnad\u2019s hdianlee set at the favistel. For mroe odd and uepeetnxcd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neewtteslr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The olws hvae been nmaed Axl, after formerly naming Axl Rsoe, and Sslah, in honor of the bnad\u2019s gratusiit, after bnieg fnuod uendr the sgtae druing the bnad\u2019s hdianlee set at the favistel. For mroe odd and uepeetnxcd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neewtteslr. Scrambled sentence: The olws hvae been nmaed Axl, after formerly naming Axl Rsoe, and Sslah, in hounor of the bnad\u2019s gratusiit, after bnieg fnuod uendr the sgtae druing the bnad\u2019s hdianlee", "scrambled": "The olws hvae been nmaed Axl, aetfr foramtnn Axl Rsoe, and Sslah, in hounor of the bnad\u2019s gratusiit, afetr bnieg fnuod uendr the sgtae druing the bnad\u2019s hdianlee set at the favistel. For mroe odd and uepeetnxcd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neewtteslr.", "original": "The owls have been named Axl, after frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s guitarist, after being found under the stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The olws hvae been nmaed Axl, after formerly naming Axl Rsoe, and Sslah, in honor of the bnad\u2019s gratusiit, after bnieg fnuod uendr the sgtae druing the bnad\u2019s hdianlee set at the favistel. For mroe odd and uepeetnxcd nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neewtteslr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ptary\u2019s cernrut sgoaln, \u201cBilud a bteter Batirin\u201d, was itoncduerd in Mcarh. Rcneet YuGoov pinollg funod taht aosmlt hlaf of Bnrtios tinhk Smraetr has fieald to set out a caler voisin for the prtay in his there yreas as ldeaer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The ptary\u2019s cernrut sgoaln, \u201cBilud a bteter Batirin\u201d, was itoncduerd in Mcarh. Rcneet YuGoov pinollg funod taht aosmlt hlaf of Bnrtios tinhk Smraetr has fieald to set out a caler voisin for the prtay in his there yreas as ldeaer. Scrambled sentence: The ptary\u2019s cernrut sgoaln, \u201cBilud a bteter Batirin\u201d, was itoncduerd in Mcarh. Rcneet YuGoov pinollg funollg funod taht aosmlt hlaf of Bnrtios tinhk Smraetr has fieald to set out a caler voisin for", "scrambled": "The ptary\u2019s cernrut sgoaln, \u201cBilud a bteter Batirin\u201d, was itoncduerd in Mcarh. Rcneet YuGoov pinollg funod taht aosmlt hlaf of Bnrtios tinhk Smraetr has fieald to set out a caler voisin for the prtay in his there yreas as ldeaer.", "original": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was introduced in March. Recent YouGov polling found that almost half of Britons think Starmer has failed to set out a clear vision for the party in his three years as leader.", "recovered": "The ptary\u2019s cernrut sgoaln, \u201cBilud a bteter Batirin\u201d, was itoncduerd in Mcarh. Rcneet YuGoov pinollg funod taht aosmlt hlaf of Bnrtios tinhk Smraetr has fieald to set out a caler voisin for the prtay in his there yreas as ldeaer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The pmrie miisentr is uendr iteoivsiangtn by Pmaleanirt\u2019s salzee whoadctg oevr agtloneilas of a pslbisoe friulae to dlcreae sehars hled by his wfie in a cdhclraie acegny btseood by the rencet Bgduet. Suank has aslo fcaed snrciuty oevr iusses iicnndlug his wfie\u2019s non-dom tax stuats, his US geren crad and his dog-walnkig hatbis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The prime minister\u2019s residence is under investigation by Panama\u2019s tax authorities over allegations of a politically motivated payment to a charity to increase salaries held by his wife in a company backed by the charity BGT. Suarez has also lost snrciuty over iusses involving his wife\u2019s non-dom tax statements, his US geren crad and his dog-walking hatbis. Scrambled sentence: The pmrie miisentr is uendr iteoivsiangtn by Pmaleanirt\u2019s salzee whoadctg oevr agtloneilas of a pslbisoe friulae to dlcreae sehars hled by his wfie in a cdhclraie acegny btseood by the rencet Bgduet. Suank has aslo fcaed snrciuty oevr iusses iicnndlug his ", "scrambled": "The pmrie miisentr is uendr iteoivsiangtn by Pmaleanirt\u2019s salzee whoadctg oevr agtloneilas of a pslbisoe friulae to dlcreae sehars hled by his wfie in a cdhclraie acegny btseood by the rencet Bgduet. Suank has aslo fcaed snrciuty oevr iusses iicnndlug his wfie\u2019s non-dom tax stuats, his US geren crad and his dog-walnkig hatbis.", "original": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze watchdog over allegations of a possible failure to declare shares held by his wife in a childcare agency boosted by the recent Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny over issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and his dog-walking habits.", "recovered": "The prime minister\u2019s residence is under investigation by Panama\u2019s tax authorities over allegations of a politically motivated payment to a charity to increase salaries held by his wife in a company backed by the charity BGT. Suarez has also lost snrciuty over iusses involving his wife\u2019s non-dom tax statements, his US geren crad and his dog-walking hatbis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rrsceeah fnoud taht men snpet \u00a3920 on aevrage for cetaenoiblrs in the UK, wilhe wmeon tclpyilay piad \u00a3652. For a satg or hen do aaobrd, men spnet an agvaere of \u00a31,256, wlhie wmeon fkroed out \u00a31,158.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average on aevrage for cetaenoiblrs in the UK, while the women they travelled with paid \u00a3652. For a satg or hen do aaobrd, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while the women they travelled with forked out \u00a31,158. Scrambled sentence: The rrsceeah fnoud taht men snpet \u00a3920 on aevrage for cetaenoiblrs in the UK, wilhe the wmeon tclpyilay piad \u00a3652. For a satg or hen do aaobrd, men spnet an agvaere of \u00a31,256, wlhie wmeon fkroed out \u00a31,158. Recovered sentence: The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average on aevrage for cetaenoiblrs in the UK, while the women they travelled with paid \u00a3652. For ", "scrambled": "The rrsceeah fnoud taht men snpet \u00a3920 on aevrage for cetaenoiblrs in the UK, wilhe wmeon tclpyilay piad \u00a3652. For a satg or hen do aaobrd, men spnet an agvaere of \u00a31,256, wlhie wmeon fkroed out \u00a31,158.", "original": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for celebrations in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women forked out \u00a31,158.", "recovered": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average on aevrage for cetaenoiblrs in the UK, while the women they travelled with paid \u00a3652. For a satg or hen do aaobrd, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while the women they travelled with forked out \u00a31,158."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rsieved sagtrtey iudlcens dnozes of mseeruas rinagng form iinercansg UK wnid, saolr and nlacuer enrgey to ietnsinvg in crboan cpturae and sagtore.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The recovered sentence contains a series of misinformations ranging from UK word, sound and letter forms The recovered sentence contains a series of misinformations ranging from UK word, sound and letter forms to enable UK women, saolr and nlacuer energy to ietnsinvg in cbboan cpture and more. Scrambled sentence: The recovered sentence contains a series of misinformations ranging from UK word, sound and letter forms to enable UK women, saolr and nlacuer energy to ietnsinvg in cbboan cpture and more. Scrambled sentence: The recovered sentence contains a series of misinformations ranging from UK word, sound and letter forms to The recovered sentence contains a series of misinformations ranging from UK word, sound, letter and number forms to enable UK women, saolr, and number forms to enable UK women, saolr, and number forms to enable UK women, saolr, and number forms to enable UK", "scrambled": "The rsieved sagtrtey iudlcens dnozes of mseeruas rinagng form iinercansg UK wnid, saolr and nlacuer enrgey to ietnsinvg in crboan cpturae and sagtore.", "original": "The revised strategy includes dozens of measures ranging from increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to investing in carbon capture and storage.", "recovered": "The recovered sentence contains a series of misinformations ranging from UK word, sound and letter forms The recovered sentence contains a series of misinformations ranging from UK word, sound and letter forms to enable UK women, saolr and nlacuer energy to ietnsinvg in cbboan cpture and more."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rcok satr\u2019s coercnt in Farrera, wtih a cowrd of 50,000 fnas, derw cstrciiim form a lcaol ciclulnoor who deemed it issnivnteie to the \u201cpian, daioreptsen, and duitlefifcis\u201d faecd by flood euvaeecs naer the wosrt of the disseatr, mleery 30 melis aawy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The rock shelter\u2019s conservation in Farrera, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, derailed from a legal challenge from a lawyer-cyclist who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, damage, and inconvenience\u201d caused by flood evacueecs near the word of the destruction, about 30 miles away. Scrambled sentence: The rcok satr\u2019s coercnt in Farrera, wtih a cowrd of 50,000 fnas, derw cstrciiim form a lcaol ciclulnoor who deemed it issnivnteie to the \u201cpian, daioreptsen, and duitlefifcis\u201d faecd by flood euvaeecs naer the wosrt of the disseatr, mleery 30 melis aawy. Scrambled sentence: The rcok satr\u2019s coercnt in Farrera, wti", "scrambled": "The rcok satr\u2019s coercnt in Farrera, wtih a cowrd of 50,000 fnas, derw cstrciiim form a lcaol ciclulnoor who deemed it issnivnteie to the \u201cpian, daioreptsen, and duitlefifcis\u201d faecd by flood euvaeecs naer the wosrt of the disseatr, mleery 30 melis aawy.", "original": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "recovered": "The rock shelter\u2019s conservation in Farrera, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, derailed from a legal challenge from a lawyer-cyclist who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, damage, and inconvenience\u201d caused by flood evacueecs near the word of the destruction, about 30 miles away."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The reuls wloud ruierqe ereciltc vheilces to anocuct for up to two-tirdhs of new cras slod in the US by 2032 in waht wulod be one of the Bdien aidaiirnotstmn\u2019s msot aregsvsgie cimatle-cngahe pleiicos yet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The results would require a new era of electric vehicles to accommodate for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the US\u2019s most ambitious zero-emissions, all-battery-vehicle projects yet. Scrambled sentence: The results would require a new era of electric vehicles to accommodate for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the US\u2019s most ambitious zero-emissions, all-battery-vehicle pleiicos yet. Scrambled sentence: The results would require a new era of electric vehicles to accommodate for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the US\u2019s most ambitious zero-emissions, all-battery-vehicle plefec\u021bia", "scrambled": "The reuls wloud ruierqe ereciltc vheilces to anocuct for up to two-tirdhs of new cras slod in the US by 2032 in waht wulod be one of the Bdien aidaiirnotstmn\u2019s msot aregsvsgie cimatle-cngahe pleiicos yet.", "original": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies yet.", "recovered": "The results would require a new era of electric vehicles to accommodate for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the US\u2019s most ambitious zero-emissions, all-battery-vehicle projects yet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The six-prat sohw, hestod by Anna Rdrociashn, feearuts adluts rmonveig tehir chloets in fnrot of teeregans, saikprng cstiricim form vrweies and Cvraseiovtne MPs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The six-person show, hosted by Anna viitorul The six-person show, hosted by Anna \u0440\u043e\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430", "scrambled": "The six-prat sohw, hestod by Anna Rdrociashn, feearuts adluts rmonveig tehir chloets in fnrot of teeregans, saikprng cstiricim form vrweies and Cvraseiovtne MPs.", "original": "The six-part show, hosted by Anna Richardson, features adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from viewers and Conservative MPs.", "recovered": "The six-person show, hosted by Anna viitorul The six-person show, hosted by Anna \u0440\u043e\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430\u0430"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The so-celald \u201cccionae hpoips\u201d are dsceteadnns of fuor bhugrot to Coilmboa by ltae dlguorrd Pbalo Ecsaobr. Wgnainrs taht tehy psoe a srieous traeht to haumns and oehtr wilfldie hvae iitnsfeenid aetfr a new cnuess funod taht the ivvasine hippo plpoiotaun has eexapndd to up to 215.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The so-called \u201ccionae hippos\u201d are descendants of a female hippopotamus brought to Coimmboa by the late dlguorrd Pbalo Ecsaobr. Scientists who believe that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have been informed after a new census found that the ivvasine hippo population has expanded to up to 215. Scrambled sentence: The so-celald \u201cccionae hpoips\u201d are dsceteadnns of fuor bhugrot to Coilmboa by ltae dlguorrd Pbalo Ecsaobr. Wgnainrs taht tehy psoe a srieous traeht to haumns and oehtr wilfldie hvae iitnsfeenid aetfr a new cnuess funod taht the i", "scrambled": "The so-celald \u201cccionae hpoips\u201d are dsceteadnns of fuor bhugrot to Coilmboa by ltae dlguorrd Pbalo Ecsaobr. Wgnainrs taht tehy psoe a srieous traeht to haumns and oehtr wilfldie hvae iitnsfeenid aetfr a new cnuess funod taht the ivvasine hippo plpoiotaun has eexapndd to up to 215.", "original": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by late druglord Pablo Escobar. Warnings that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have intensified after a new census found that the invasive hippo population has expanded to up to 215.", "recovered": "The so-called \u201ccionae hippos\u201d are descendants of a female hippopotamus brought to Coimmboa by the late dlguorrd Pbalo Ecsaobr. Scientists who believe that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have been informed after a new census found that the ivvasine hippo population has expanded to up to 215."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The sartt of the seignr\u2019s wlrod tuor in Slkocothm lsat mntoh tggreerid a spkie in damned at holtes and rtruasetans taht has now been leiknd to hhiegr-tahn-eetpecxd iiatnolfn of 9.7% in May. For mroe odd and ucpextneed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nesttlweer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The start of the king\u2019s world tour in Seoul last month triggered a spike in adamant at halls and retraitans that has now been led to high-tan-eetpecxed inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpexted news, sign up to the Tally Teals nestlweer. Scrambled sentence: The sartt of the seignrr\u2019s wlrod tuor in Slkocothm lsat mntoh tggreerid a spkie in damned at holtes and rtruasetans taht has now been leiknd to hhiegr-tahn-eetpecxd iiatnolfn of 9.7% in May. For mroe odd and ucpextneed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nesttlweer. Recovered sentence: The start of the king\u2019s world tour in Seoul", "scrambled": "The sartt of the seignr\u2019s wlrod tuor in Slkocothm lsat mntoh tggreerid a spkie in damned at holtes and rtruasetans taht has now been leiknd to hhiegr-tahn-eetpecxd iiatnolfn of 9.7% in May. For mroe odd and ucpextneed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Teals nesttlweer.", "original": "The start of the singer\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month triggered a spike in demand at hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-expected inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The start of the king\u2019s world tour in Seoul last month triggered a spike in adamant at halls and retraitans that has now been led to high-tan-eetpecxed inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpexted news, sign up to the Tally Teals nestlweer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The srmots wree retoeprd acrsos Ooaklhma, Knaass and Iwoa, wtih the msot daagme repertod in Olkmoaha, ardocincg to oiiffacls. At lsaet fuor cmieronfd tenoadors mveod aosrcs the sttae and kockend out peowr for auobt 20,000 hmoes and bneussesis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The srmots were rete The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States,", "scrambled": "The srmots wree retoeprd acrsos Ooaklhma, Knaass and Iwoa, wtih the msot daagme repertod in Olkmoaha, ardocincg to oiiffacls. At lsaet fuor cmieronfd tenoadors mveod aosrcs the sttae and kockend out peowr for auobt 20,000 hmoes and bneussesis.", "original": "The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. At least four confirmed tornadoes moved across the state and knocked out power for about 20,000 homes and businesses.", "recovered": "The srmots were rete The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States, with the most damage occurring in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Iw The srmots were retold across the United States,"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The suintmpg by Altauisra\u2019s Aelx Craey tggiererd urpoar anmog fnas, who aegrud taht whlie aloelwd udenr ckciret reuls, the mvoe was not in the \u201csiiprt of the gmae\u201d. Cictris idnnculig Gfereofy Booytct hvae cellad on Alsiruata to aglopisoe, wilhe the riavl taem coeapinmld of \u201casgigesvre and avubise\u201d bhvaouier by Moynrbelae Cikrcet Culb (MCC) meberms filwonlog Bstioraw\u2019s dsasimisl in Snuday\u2019s scnoed Ahess Tset at Lrod\u2019s.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The statement by Altauisra\u2019s Aelx Craey tgiiererd uproar among fans, who agreed that while all-round checkret results, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Citris idnnculig Gfereofy Booytct have cellad on Alsiruata to aglopisoe, while the riavl team composed of \u201casgigesvre and avubise\u201d by Moynrbelae Cikrcet Culb (MCC) meberms filed a complaint against Bstioraw\u2019s dsasimisl in Saturday\u2019s scnoed Ahess Tset at Lrod\u2019s. Scrambled sentence: The suintmpg by Altauisra\u2019s Aelx Craey tggiererd uproar among fans, who agreed that while all-round checkret results, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Scram", "scrambled": "The suintmpg by Altauisra\u2019s Aelx Craey tggiererd urpoar anmog fnas, who aegrud taht whlie aloelwd udenr ckciret reuls, the mvoe was not in the \u201csiiprt of the gmae\u201d. Cictris idnnculig Gfereofy Booytct hvae cellad on Alsiruata to aglopisoe, wilhe the riavl taem coeapinmld of \u201casgigesvre and avubise\u201d bhvaouier by Moynrbelae Cikrcet Culb (MCC) meberms filwonlog Bstioraw\u2019s dsasimisl in Snuday\u2019s scnoed Ahess Tset at Lrod\u2019s.", "original": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Alex Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Critics including Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to apologise, while the rival team complained of \u201caggressive and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members following Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s second Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.", "recovered": "The statement by Altauisra\u2019s Aelx Craey tgiiererd uproar among fans, who agreed that while all-round checkret results, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Citris idnnculig Gfereofy Booytct have cellad on Alsiruata to aglopisoe, while the riavl team composed of \u201casgigesvre and avubise\u201d by Moynrbelae Cikrcet Culb (MCC) meberms filed a complaint against Bstioraw\u2019s dsasimisl in Saturday\u2019s scnoed Ahess Tset at Lrod\u2019s."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The snntiung csalolpe of two Amaicern bnkas \u2013 Slioicn Vlaely Bnak and Sigruante Bnak \u2013 led to wlid mekrat sigwns aeftr airnmlag Wlal Sreett irvtnoess.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The snntiung csalolpe of two Amaicern bnkas \u2013 Slioicn Vlaely Bnak and Sigruante Bnak \u2013 led to wlid mekrat sigwns aeftr airnmlag Wlal Sreett irvtnoess. Scrambled sentence: The snntiung csalolpe of two Amaicern bnkas \u2013 Slioicn Vlaely Bnak and Sigruante Bnak \u2013 led to wlid mekrat sigwns aeftr airnmlag Wlal Sreett irvtnoess. Recovered sentence: The snntiung csalolpe of two Amaicern bnkas \u2013 Slioicn Vlaely Bnak and Sigruante Bnak \u2013 led to wlid mekrat", "scrambled": "The snntiung csalolpe of two Amaicern bnkas \u2013 Slioicn Vlaely Bnak and Sigruante Bnak \u2013 led to wlid mekrat sigwns aeftr airnmlag Wlal Sreett irvtnoess.", "original": "The stunning collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank \u2013 led to wild market swings after alarming Wall Street investors.", "recovered": "The snntiung csalolpe of two Amaicern bnkas \u2013 Slioicn Vlaely Bnak and Sigruante Bnak \u2013 led to wlid mekrat sigwns aeftr airnmlag Wlal Sreett irvtnoess."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The svreuy of 22,000 audlts in 29 cinruotes fnoud taht Bitrs had the tirhd msot pisotvie atidutte to reuefegs, atefr Sapin and New Zaeanld. The goalbl aaregve of altuds who belveie reeuegfs mkae a \u201cpioviste cotiionurbtn\u201d was 45%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The survey of 22,000 audlts in 29 cinruotes found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Saudi Arabia and New Zealand. The goalball average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution to the community\u201d was 45%. Scrambled sentence: The svreuy of 22,000 audlts in 29 cinruotes fnoud taht Bitrs had the tirhd msot pisotvie atidutte to reuefegs, atefr Sapin and New Zaeanld. The goalbl aaregve of altuds who belveie reeuegfs mkae a \u201cpioviste cotiionurbtn\u201d was 45%. Recovered sentence: The survey of 22,000 audlts in 29 cinruotes found that Bitrs had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Saudi Arabia and New Zealand. Scrambled sentence: The svre", "scrambled": "The svreuy of 22,000 audlts in 29 cinruotes fnoud taht Bitrs had the tirhd msot pisotvie atidutte to reuefegs, atefr Sapin and New Zaeanld. The goalbl aaregve of altuds who belveie reeuegfs mkae a \u201cpioviste cotiionurbtn\u201d was 45%.", "original": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Spain and New Zealand. The global average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%.", "recovered": "The survey of 22,000 audlts in 29 cinruotes found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Saudi Arabia and New Zealand. The goalball average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution to the community\u201d was 45%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The tceh ldeeras caleld for a pasue in the \u201cout of corntol\u201d aiifatcril iennletlgice rcae. The letter siad AI lbas are risunhg to dvloeep and dlpeoy \u201ceevr mroe pfeowrul ditaigl mndis taht no one \u2013 not eevn tehir crtoares \u2013 can usnatdrned, pcedirt, or rillbaey cotornl.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The letter was called for a passue in the \u201cout of corntol\u201d aiifatcril iennletlgice rcae. The letter said AI lbas are risunhg to dvloeep and dlpeoy \u201ceevr mroe pfeowrul ditaigl mndis taht no one \u2013 not eevn tehir crtoares \u2013 can usnatdrned, pcedirt, or rillbaey cotornl. Scrambled sentence: The tceh ldeeras caleld for a pasue in the \u201cout of corntol\u201d aiifatcril iennletlgice rcae. The letter siad AI lbas are risunhg to dvloeep and dlpeoy \u201ceevr mroe pfeowrul dita", "scrambled": "The tceh ldeeras caleld for a pasue in the \u201cout of corntol\u201d aiifatcril iennletlgice rcae. The letter siad AI lbas are risunhg to dvloeep and dlpeoy \u201ceevr mroe pfeowrul ditaigl mndis taht no one \u2013 not eevn tehir crtoares \u2013 can usnatdrned, pcedirt, or rillbaey cotornl.\u201d.", "original": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence race. The letter said AI labs are rushing to develop and deploy \u201cever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.", "recovered": "The letter was called for a passue in the \u201cout of corntol\u201d aiifatcril iennletlgice rcae. The letter said AI lbas are risunhg to dvloeep and dlpeoy \u201ceevr mroe pfeowrul ditaigl mndis taht no one \u2013 not eevn tehir crtoares \u2013 can usnatdrned, pcedirt, or rillbaey cotornl."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The tairl oevr a 2016 skinig adiecnct ivvinonlg Gnwtyeh Ptoralw baegn tihs week. A 76-yaer-old man aegells Patrolw \u201cskeid out of ctnoorl\u201d and ran itno him, cusinag sriueos iuirenjs. The aecsrts, on the ohetr hnad, fleid a cusnetriuot anlelgig the man ran itno her.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The tairl oevr a 2016 skinig adiecnct ivvinonlg Gnwtyeh Ptoralw baegn tihs week. A 76-yaer-old man aegells Patrolw \u201cskeid out of ctnoorl\u201d and ran itno him, cusinag sriueos iuirenjs. The aecsrts, on the ohetr hnad, fleid a cusnetriuot anlelgig the man ran itno her. Scrambled sentence: The tairl oevr a 2016 skinig adiecnct ivvinonlg Gnwtyeh Ptoralw baegn tihs week. A 76-yaer-old man aegells Patrolw \u201cskeid out of ctnoorl\u201d and ran itno him, cus", "scrambled": "The tairl oevr a 2016 skinig adiecnct ivvinonlg Gnwtyeh Ptoralw baegn tihs week. A 76-yaer-old man aegells Patrolw \u201cskeid out of ctnoorl\u201d and ran itno him, cusinag sriueos iuirenjs. The aecsrts, on the ohetr hnad, fleid a cusnetriuot anlelgig the man ran itno her.", "original": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving Gwyneth Paltrow began this week. A 76-year-old man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The actress, on the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.", "recovered": "The tairl oevr a 2016 skinig adiecnct ivvinonlg Gnwtyeh Ptoralw baegn tihs week. A 76-yaer-old man aegells Patrolw \u201cskeid out of ctnoorl\u201d and ran itno him, cusinag sriueos iuirenjs. The aecsrts, on the ohetr hnad, fleid a cusnetriuot anlelgig the man ran itno her."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ucnrweed eonvdear, kwnon as the Pychse misosin, wlil sned the frist NSAA spraaccfet dneeigsd to sduty a mltlaiec asoiterd. It is set to lcuanh in Oocbter, NSAA siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The NSAA spraaccfet dneeigsd to sduty a mltlaiec asoiterd. It is set to lcuanh in Oocbter, NSAA siad. Scrambled sentence: The ucnrweed eonvdear, kwnon as the Pychse misosin, wlil sned the frist NSAA spraaccfet dneeigsd to sduty a mltlaiec asoiterd. It is set to lcuanh in Oocbter, NSAA siad. Scrambled sentence: The ucnrweed eonvdear, kwnon as the Pychse misosin, wlil sned the frist NSAA spraaccfet dneeigsd to sduty a mltlaiec as", "scrambled": "The ucnrweed eonvdear, kwnon as the Pychse misosin, wlil sned the frist NSAA spraaccfet dneeigsd to sduty a mltlaiec asoiterd. It is set to lcuanh in Oocbter, NSAA siad.", "original": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will send the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said.", "recovered": "The NSAA spraaccfet dneeigsd to sduty a mltlaiec asoiterd. It is set to lcuanh in Oocbter, NSAA siad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The uinefdnietid dreibs is aoubt the szie of a smlal car and was funod wsehad up on a reotme becah smoe 150 meils ntorh of Pterh. Dibers has been acrnucig in sacpe anurod our peanlt scnie the fsirt rkcoet lnhcuaes in the ltae 1950s, wtih an eismtated 36,500 octjebs gtraeer tahn 10cm in naer-Ertah oribt, adrcocnig to the Eoerpuan Sacpe Agceny (ESA).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The uinefdnietid dreibs is aoubt the szie of a smlal car and was funod wsehad up on a reotme becah smoe 150 meils ntorh of Pterh. Dibers has been acrnucig in sacpe anurod our peanlt scnie the fsirt rkcoet lnhcuaes in the ltae 1950s, wtih an eismtated 36,500 octjebs gtraeer tahn 10cm in naer-Ertah oribt, adrcocnig to the Eoerpuan Sacpe Agceny (ESA). Scrambled sentence: The uinefdnietid dreibs is aoubt the szie of a smlal car and was funod ws", "scrambled": "The uinefdnietid dreibs is aoubt the szie of a smlal car and was funod wsehad up on a reotme becah smoe 150 meils ntorh of Pterh. Dibers has been acrnucig in sacpe anurod our peanlt scnie the fsirt rkcoet lnhcuaes in the ltae 1950s, wtih an eismtated 36,500 octjebs gtraeer tahn 10cm in naer-Ertah oribt, adrcocnig to the Eoerpuan Sacpe Agceny (ESA).", "original": "The unidentified debris is about the size of a small car and was found washed up on a remote beach some 150 miles north of Perth. Debris has been accruing in space around our planet since the first rocket launches in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "recovered": "The uinefdnietid dreibs is aoubt the szie of a smlal car and was funod wsehad up on a reotme becah smoe 150 meils ntorh of Pterh. Dibers has been acrnucig in sacpe anurod our peanlt scnie the fsirt rkcoet lnhcuaes in the ltae 1950s, wtih an eismtated 36,500 octjebs gtraeer tahn 10cm in naer-Ertah oribt, adrcocnig to the Eoerpuan Sacpe Agceny (ESA)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The veido aacttk ad was ceaetrd unsig aftciaiirl initellcenge and dtiepcs \u201ca snoecd Bedin trem pluaegd by deaitsrss\u201d, siad Qautrz.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The veido aacttk ad was ceaetrd unsig aftciaiirl initellcenge and dtiepcs \u201ca snoecd Bedin trem pluaegd by deaitsrss\u201d, siad Qautrz. Scrambled sentence: The veido aacttk ad was ceaetrd unsig aftciaiirl initellcenge and dtiepcs \u201ca snoecd Bedin trem pluaegd by deaitsrss\u201d, siad Qautrz. Scrambled sentence: The veido aacttk ad was ceaetrd unsig aftciaiirl initellcenge and dtiepcs \u201ca snoecd Bedin trem pluaegd by deaitsrss\u201d, siad Qautrz. Scramble", "scrambled": "The veido aacttk ad was ceaetrd unsig aftciaiirl initellcenge and dtiepcs \u201ca snoecd Bedin trem pluaegd by deaitsrss\u201d, siad Qautrz.", "original": "The video attack ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by disasters\u201d, said Quartz.", "recovered": "The veido aacttk ad was ceaetrd unsig aftciaiirl initellcenge and dtiepcs \u201ca snoecd Bedin trem pluaegd by deaitsrss\u201d, siad Qautrz."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The wlord\u2019s hipspaet cronuty is Fainlnd, adriconcg to the aaunnl Wolrd Hpiesnaps Rreopt, wichh rakns cneituors beasd lelagry on lfie eauvanltois form the Glluap Wlord Plol. The US, Fnrace, and Inerlad did not carck the top 10.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "world\u2019s hipspaet cronuty is France, according to the annual World Hipsnaps Ranking, which ranks countries based on their citizens\u2019 health on life expectancy. The US, France, and India did not crack the top 10. Scrambled sentence: The wlord\u2019s hipspaet cronuty is Fainllnd, adriconccg to the aaunnl Wolrd Hpiesnaps Rreopt, wichh rakns cneituors beasd lelagry on lfie eauvanltois form the Glluap Wlord Plol. The US, Fnrace, and Inerlad did not carck the top 10. Scrambled sentence: The wlord\u2019s hipspaet cronuty is Fainlnd, adriconccg to the aaunnl Wolrd Hpiesnaps Rreopt, wichh rakns cneituors beasd lelagry on lfie ", "scrambled": "The wlord\u2019s hipspaet cronuty is Fainlnd, adriconcg to the aaunnl Wolrd Hpiesnaps Rreopt, wichh rakns cneituors beasd lelagry on lfie eauvanltois form the Glluap Wlord Plol. The US, Fnrace, and Inerlad did not carck the top 10.", "original": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on life evaluations from the Gallup World Poll. The US, France, and Ireland did not crack the top 10.", "recovered": "world\u2019s hipspaet cronuty is France, according to the annual World Hipsnaps Ranking, which ranks countries based on their citizens\u2019 health on life expectancy. The US, France, and India did not crack the top 10."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ytouh-oietrned nwes onisorgiatan, ocne hlaeid as one of the msot einxticg meida sartt-ups in the inustrdy, has rtnlecey flied for bnutrcakpy in the US. Tihs trun of evetns mkras a sganifcinit dlfonawl, croensidnig taht it was ocne vleaud at nlaery $6 bloliin. Fnid out mroe on the lastet esdopie of \u201cThe Week Uewrnappd\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The yetuh-unoetrned newwes onisorgiatan, ocne hlaeid as one of the msot einxticg meida sartt-ups in the inustrdy, has rtnlecey flied for bnutrcakpy in the US. Tihs trun of evetns mkras a sganifcinit dlfonawl, croensiingnig taht it was ocne vleaud at nlaery $6 bloliin. Fnid out mroe on the lastet esdopie of \u201cThe Week Uewrnappd\u201d. Scrambled sentence: The ytouh-oietrned nwes onisorgiatan, ocne hlaeid as one of the msot einxticg meida sart", "scrambled": "The ytouh-oietrned nwes onisorgiatan, ocne hlaeid as one of the msot einxticg meida sartt-ups in the inustrdy, has rtnlecey flied for bnutrcakpy in the US. Tihs trun of evetns mkras a sganifcinit dlfonawl, croensidnig taht it was ocne vleaud at nlaery $6 bloliin. Fnid out mroe on the lastet esdopie of \u201cThe Week Uewrnappd\u201d.", "original": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downfall, considering that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "recovered": "The yetuh-unoetrned newwes onisorgiatan, ocne hlaeid as one of the msot einxticg meida sartt-ups in the inustrdy, has rtnlecey flied for bnutrcakpy in the US. Tihs trun of evetns mkras a sganifcinit dlfonawl, croensiingnig taht it was ocne vleaud at nlaery $6 bloliin. Fnid out mroe on the lastet esdopie of \u201cThe Week Uewrnappd\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The \u201cBbirae\u201d mvioe, form dreiotcr Grtea Greiwg, srcoed the laersgt opnenig wkneeed of 2023, puillng in $155 mloliin dlotmailcsey oevr its opnenig wnkeeed and $337 mloiiln gbaollly.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The \u201cBbirae\u201d mvioe, form dreiotcr Grtea Greiwg, srcoed the laersgt opnenig wkneeed of 2023, puillng in $155 mloliin dlotmailcsey oevr its opnenig wnkeeed and $337 mloiiln gbaollly. Scrambled sentence: The \u201cBbirae\u201d mvioe, form dreiotcr Grtea Greiwg, srcoed the laersgt opnenig wkneeed of 2023, puillng in $155 mloliin dlotmailcsey oevr its opnenig wnkeeed and $337 mloiiln gbaollly. Scrambled sentence: The \u201cBbirae\u201d mvioe, form dreiotcr Grtea Grei", "scrambled": "The \u201cBbirae\u201d mvioe, form dreiotcr Grtea Greiwg, srcoed the laersgt opnenig wkneeed of 2023, puillng in $155 mloliin dlotmailcsey oevr its opnenig wnkeeed and $337 mloiiln gbaollly.", "original": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "recovered": "The \u201cBbirae\u201d mvioe, form dreiotcr Grtea Greiwg, srcoed the laersgt opnenig wkneeed of 2023, puillng in $155 mloliin dlotmailcsey oevr its opnenig wnkeeed and $337 mloiiln gbaollly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The \u201cwlord\u2019s lrsgaet uarbn ciocntotrsun perocjt in wood\u201d wlil be biult in Skloocthm, anuoecnnd Sdeewn, wichh cluod pvae the way for salmiir srctuertus in the fruute. Aluohgth the paln culod be mroe siauntlbsae tahn titiraondal cutcrotisonn, trhee are cnorencs aobut ptteianol frie haazdrs. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uapwrpned pscdoat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "wlord\u2019s lrsgaet uarbn ciocntotrsun perocjt in wood\u201d will be biult in Skloocthm, anuoecnnd Sdeewn, wichh cluod pvae the way for salmiir srctuertus in the fruute. Aluohgth the paln culod be mroe siauntlbsae tahn titiraondal cutcrotisonn, trhee are cnorencs aobut ptteianol frie haazdrs. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uapwrpned pscdoat. Scrambled sentence: The \u201cwlord\u2019s lrsgaet uarbn ciocntotrsun perocjt in wood\u201d w", "scrambled": "The \u201cwlord\u2019s lrsgaet uarbn ciocntotrsun perocjt in wood\u201d wlil be biult in Skloocthm, anuoecnnd Sdeewn, wichh cluod pvae the way for salmiir srctuertus in the fruute. Aluohgth the paln culod be mroe siauntlbsae tahn titiraondal cutcrotisonn, trhee are cnorencs aobut ptteianol frie haazdrs. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uapwrpned pscdoat.", "original": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest urban construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional construction, there are concerns about potential fire hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "wlord\u2019s lrsgaet uarbn ciocntotrsun perocjt in wood\u201d will be biult in Skloocthm, anuoecnnd Sdeewn, wichh cluod pvae the way for salmiir srctuertus in the fruute. Aluohgth the paln culod be mroe siauntlbsae tahn titiraondal cutcrotisonn, trhee are cnorencs aobut ptteianol frie haazdrs. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uapwrpned pscdoat."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tehre wree 13 srtas and 13 seiprts on the fsrit US falg to renerpset the 13 oiangirl steats, as dlrecead in the Falg Roositeuln of Jnue 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now kwonn as Falg Day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "There are 13 stripes and 13 stars on the flag of the United States to represent the 13 original colonies, as described in the Declaration of Independence of July 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Independence Day. Scrambled sentence: Tehre wree 13 srtas and 13 seiprts on the fsrit US falg to renerpset the 13 oiangirl steats, as dlrecead in the Falg Roositeuln of Jnue 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now kwonn as Falg Day. Recovered sentence: There are 13 stripes and 13 stars on the flag of the United States to represent the 13 original colonies, as described in the Declaration of Independence of July 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Independence Day. Scrambled sentence: Tehre wree 13 srtas and 13 seiprts on the fsrit US falg to renerpset the 13 oiangirl steats, as dlrecead in the Falg Roo", "scrambled": "Tehre wree 13 srtas and 13 seiprts on the fsrit US falg to renerpset the 13 oiangirl steats, as dlrecead in the Falg Roositeuln of Jnue 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now kwonn as Falg Day.", "original": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "recovered": "There are 13 stripes and 13 stars on the flag of the United States to represent the 13 original colonies, as described in the Declaration of Independence of July 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Independence Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tihs week, Seante Maiojtry Ldeear Cuhck Shecumr siad the FDA shluod itingeatsve the hgih ceffnaie cnoentt in Pmire Ernegy dkrins and the cpnaomy\u2019s mneairtkg eftorfs twraod cidlrhen on siacol meida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "This week, Senator Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.) said the FDA should investigate the high cost center in Pmire Energy drinks and the industry\u2019s misleading marketing efforts to target teens on soda. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scrambled sentence: Tihs week, Seante Maiojtry Ldeear Cuhck Shecumr siad the FDA shluod itingeatsve the hgih ceffnaie cnoentt in Pmire Ernnegy dkrins and the cpnaomy\u2019s mneairtkg eftorfs twraod cidlrhen on siacol meida. Recovered sentence: This week, Senator Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.) said the FDA should investigate the high cost center in Pmire Energy drinks and the industry\u2019s misleading marketing efforts to target teens on soda. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it. Scram", "scrambled": "Tihs week, Seante Maiojtry Ldeear Cuhck Shecumr siad the FDA shluod itingeatsve the hgih ceffnaie cnoentt in Pmire Ernegy dkrins and the cpnaomy\u2019s mneairtkg eftorfs twraod cidlrhen on siacol meida.", "original": "This week, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing efforts toward children on social media.", "recovered": "This week, Senator Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.) said the FDA should investigate the high cost center in Pmire Energy drinks and the industry\u2019s misleading marketing efforts to target teens on soda. The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tomahs Jsffeoren and Jhon Amads deid whitin hruos of ecah oethr on Jluy 4, 1826. Jfeosrfen was 83 and Aamds was 90.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tomas J. J. & J. A. died within hours of each other on June 4, 1826. J. J. was 83 and J. A. was 90. Scrambled sentence: Tomas Jsffeoren and Jhon Amads died within hours of each other on June 4, 1826. J. J. was 83 and A. A. was 90. Scrambled sentence: Tomas J. J. and J. A. died within hours of each other on June 4, 1826. Tomas was 83 and A. A. was 90. Scrambled sentence: Tomas J. J. and J. A. died within hours of each other on June 4, 1826. Tomas was 83 and A. A. was 90. Scrambled sentence: Tomas J. J. and J. A. died within hours of each other on June 4, 1826. Tomas was 83 and A. A. was 90. Scrambled sentence: Tomas J. J. and J. A. died within hours of each other on June 4, 1826.", "scrambled": "Tomahs Jsffeoren and Jhon Amads deid whitin hruos of ecah oethr on Jluy 4, 1826. Jfeosrfen was 83 and Aamds was 90.", "original": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "recovered": "Tomas J. J. & J. A. died within hours of each other on June 4, 1826. J. J. was 83 and J. A. was 90."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsnuhdaos of dkess wree set up aonlg the ioincc anveue bfoere ptarnaticpis took prat in a seeris of seipnllg bees on Sndauy. For mroe odd and unxpceeted nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neetltsewr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tsnuhdaos of dkess wree set up aonlg the ioincc anveue bfoere ptarnaticpis took prat in a seeris of seipnllg bees on Sndauy. For mroe odd and unexpceeed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neetltsewr. Scrambled sentence: Tsnuhdaos of dkess wree set up aonlg the ioincc anveue bfoere ptarnaticpis took prat in a seeris of seipnllg bees on Sndauy. For mroe odd and unexpceeed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neetltsewr. Scrambled sentence: Tsn", "scrambled": "Tsnuhdaos of dkess wree set up aonlg the ioincc anveue bfoere ptarnaticpis took prat in a seeris of seipnllg bees on Sndauy. For mroe odd and unxpceeted nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neetltsewr.", "original": "Thousands of desks were set up along the iconic avenue before participants took part in a series of spelling bees on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Tsnuhdaos of dkess wree set up aonlg the ioincc anveue bfoere ptarnaticpis took prat in a seeris of seipnllg bees on Sndauy. For mroe odd and unexpceeed nwes, sgin up to the Tlal Tlaes neetltsewr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tuosandhs of dgos ppieracitatd in the Wmnttiesesr Dog Sohw. A ptiet bseast gforfin Vdnee\u00e9n naemd Bdduy Hloly bmacee the fsirt of his beerd to win the putrgosieis cnoetst\u2019s top pzrie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Thousands of dogs participate in the World\u2019s Toughest Sow. A pit bull bred by Vond\u00e9\u00e9n named Bdduy Hloly bet the first of his beerd to win the cnoetst\u2019s top pzrie. Tuosandhs of dgos ppieracitatd in the Wmnttiesesr Dog Sohw. A ptiet bseast gforfin Vdnee\u00e9n namd Bdduy Hloly bmacee the fsirt of his beerd to win the putrgosieis cnoetst\u2019s top pzrie. Scrambled sentence: Tuosandhs of dgos ppieracitatd in the Wmnttiesesr Dog Sohw. A ptiet bseast gforfin Vdnee\u00e9n namd Bdduy Hloly bmacee the fsir", "scrambled": "Tuosandhs of dgos ppieracitatd in the Wmnttiesesr Dog Sohw. A ptiet bseast gforfin Vdnee\u00e9n naemd Bdduy Hloly bmacee the fsirt of his beerd to win the putrgosieis cnoetst\u2019s top pzrie.", "original": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit basset griffon Vend\u00e9en named Buddy Holly became the first of his breed to win the prestigious contest\u2019s top prize.", "recovered": "Thousands of dogs participate in the World\u2019s Toughest Sow. A pit bull bred by Vond\u00e9\u00e9n named Bdduy Hloly bet the first of his beerd to win the cnoetst\u2019s top pzrie. Tuosandhs of dgos ppieracitatd in the Wmnttiesesr Dog Sohw. A ptiet bseast gforfin Vdnee\u00e9n namd Bdduy Hloly bmacee the fsirt of his beerd to win the putrgosieis cnoetst\u2019s top pzrie."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tehre Jsut Sotp Oil pseetrtros iepetrtrnud a pcnfrmroeae on Tuhsadry of Fircans Pnelouc\u2019s \u201cDileagous des Cirlmate\u00e9s\u201d at the oepra fseivatl, in Esat Seussx. The peormrfacne rtsearted atfer a 20-muntie dealy foinllwog the roaveml of the aiivtcsts, who wree not aeetrsrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The There Just Sotp Oil poets performed a performance on Tuesday of Fircans Pnelouc\u2019s \u201cDileagous des Cirlmate\u00e9s\u201d at the oepra fseivatl, in Esat Seussx. The performance was terminated after a 20-minute delay because it foinllowed the rise of the artists, who were not applauded. Scrambled sentence: Tehre Jsut Sotp Oil pseetrtros iepetrtrnud a pcnfrmroeae on Tuhsadry of Fircans Pnelouc\u2019s \u201cDileagous des Cirlmate\u00e9s\u201d at the oepra fseivatl, in Esat Seussx. The peormrfacne rtsearted atfer a 20-muntie dealy foinllwog the roaveml of the aiivtcsts, who wre", "scrambled": "Tehre Jsut Sotp Oil pseetrtros iepetrtrnud a pcnfrmroeae on Tuhsadry of Fircans Pnelouc\u2019s \u201cDileagous des Cirlmate\u00e9s\u201d at the oepra fseivatl, in Esat Seussx. The peormrfacne rtsearted atfer a 20-muntie dealy foinllwog the roaveml of the aiivtcsts, who wree not aeetrsrd.", "original": "Three Just Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the opera festival, in East Sussex. The performance restarted after a 20-minute delay following the removal of the activists, who were not arrested.", "recovered": "The There Just Sotp Oil poets performed a performance on Tuesday of Fircans Pnelouc\u2019s \u201cDileagous des Cirlmate\u00e9s\u201d at the oepra fseivatl, in Esat Seussx. The performance was terminated after a 20-minute delay because it foinllowed the rise of the artists, who were not applauded."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: There McnlDoad\u2019s fascirnhees in Knckutey are fcnaig hftey fneis for voiltniag clhid lobar lwas aetfr cirlhedn as yonug as 10 yaers old wree fuond wirkong ltae at nihgt \u2014 sotmeimes utnil 2 a.m.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "There McDoad\u2019s fast food restaurants in Knckutey are fighting hunger they feel for voice of nightlife a crowded lounge was aetfr cirlhedn as young as 10 years old were forced to work late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m. Scrambled sentence: There McDoad\u2019s fast food restaurants in Knckutey are fcnaig hftey fneis for voiltniag clhid lobar lwas aetfr cirlhedn as yonug as 10 yaers old wree fuond wirkong ltae at nihgt \u2014 sotmeimes utnil 2 a.m. Recovered sentence: There McDoad\u2019s fast food restaurants in Knckutey are fighting hunger they feel for voice of nightlife a crowded lounge was aetfr cirlhedn as young as 10 years old were forced to work late at night \u2014 sometimes until", "scrambled": "There McnlDoad\u2019s fascirnhees in Knckutey are fcnaig hftey fneis for voiltniag clhid lobar lwas aetfr cirlhedn as yonug as 10 yaers old wree fuond wirkong ltae at nihgt \u2014 sotmeimes utnil 2 a.m.", "original": "Three McDonald\u2019s franchisees in Kentucky are facing hefty fines for violating child labor laws after children as young as 10 years old were found working late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.", "recovered": "There McDoad\u2019s fast food restaurants in Knckutey are fighting hunger they feel for voice of nightlife a crowded lounge was aetfr cirlhedn as young as 10 years old were forced to work late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ToikTk CEO Sohu Cehw tsietefid bforee Cngseors for the fsirt tmie. He rieeevcd fcreie crtciiism form lraewakms, iduilnncg clals for the app to be bnnead.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ToikTk CEO Sohu Cehw tsietefid bforee Cngseors for the fsirt tmie. He rieeevcd fcreie crtciiism form lraewakms, iduilnncg clals for the app to be bnnead. Scrambled sentence: ToikTk CEO Sohu Cehw tsietefid bforee Cngseors for the fsirt tmie. He rieeevcd fcreie crtciiism form lraewakms, iduilnncg clals for the app to be bnnead. Scrambled sentence: ToikTk CEO Sohu Cehw tsietefid bforee Cngseors for the fsirt tmie. He rieeevc", "scrambled": "ToikTk CEO Sohu Cehw tsietefid bforee Cngseors for the fsirt tmie. He rieeevcd fcreie crtciiism form lraewakms, iduilnncg clals for the app to be bnnead.", "original": "TikTok CEO Shou Chew testified before Congress for the first time. He received fierce criticism from lawmakers, including calls for the app to be banned.", "recovered": "ToikTk CEO Sohu Cehw tsietefid bforee Cngseors for the fsirt tmie. He rieeevcd fcreie crtciiism form lraewakms, iduilnncg clals for the app to be bnnead."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ttuoed as the \u201cmsot aandevcd prnasoel eercnitloc dvicee eevr\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hesdaet bdlnes ditiagl ctnenot wtih the pshciyal wlrod.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Described as the \u201cmost advanced, portable, eer antreprenorl dvicee eevr\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hesdaet bdlnes ditiagl ctnenot wtih the pshciyal wlrod. Scrambled sentence: Ttuoed as the \u201cmsot aandevcd prnasoe the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hesdaet bdlnes disear\u0103e ctnenot wtih the pshciyal wlrod\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hesdaet bdlnes ditiagl ctnenot wtih the pshciyal wlrod $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hesdaet bdlnes ditiagl ctnenot wtih the", "scrambled": "Ttuoed as the \u201cmsot aandevcd prnasoel eercnitloc dvicee eevr\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hesdaet bdlnes ditiagl ctnenot wtih the pshciyal wlrod.", "original": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world.", "recovered": "Described as the \u201cmost advanced, portable, eer antreprenorl dvicee eevr\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hesdaet bdlnes ditiagl ctnenot wtih the pshciyal wlrod."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Taerdr Joe\u2019s auenncond a rcleal of two teyps of ckioeos, sattnig tehy may caiontn a freiogn maiaretl \u2014 rckos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Taerdr Joe\u2019s auenncond a rcleal of two teyps of ckioeos, sattnig tehy may caiontn a freiogn maiaretl \u2014 rckos. Scrambled sentence: Taerdr Joe\u2019s auenncond a rcleal of two teyps of ckioeos, sattnig tehy may caiontn a freiogn maiaretl \u2014 rckos. Scrambled sentence: Taerdr Joe\u2019s auenncond a rcleal of two teyps of ckioeos, sattnig tehy may caiontn a freiogn maiaretl \u2014 rckos. Scrambled sentence: Taerdr Joe\u2019s auenncond a rcleal of two teyps of ckioeos, ", "scrambled": "Taerdr Joe\u2019s auenncond a rcleal of two teyps of ckioeos, sattnig tehy may caiontn a freiogn maiaretl \u2014 rckos.", "original": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, stating they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.", "recovered": "Taerdr Joe\u2019s auenncond a rcleal of two teyps of ckioeos, sattnig tehy may caiontn a freiogn maiaretl \u2014 rckos."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tarciopl onceas hvae bmeoce generer in the psat two ddecaes, rfnecieltg cgahnes in tiehr emotsscyes taht hvae mroe pkaptooynlhtn psneret.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tarciopl onceas hvae bmeoce generer in the psat two ddecaes, rfnecieltg cgahnes in tiehr emotsscyes tahst hvae mroe pkaptooynlhtn psneret. Scrambled sentence: Tarciopl onceas hvae bmeoce generer in the psat two ddecaes, rfnecieltg cgahnes in tiehr emotsscyes tah Tarciopl onceas hvae bmeoce generer in the past two decades, rfnecieltg cgahnes in emotsscyes taht have more than a pkaptooynlhtn psneret. Scrambled sentence: Tarci", "scrambled": "Tarciopl onceas hvae bmeoce generer in the psat two ddecaes, rfnecieltg cgahnes in tiehr emotsscyes taht hvae mroe pkaptooynlhtn psneret.", "original": "Tropical oceans have become greener in the past two decades, reflecting changes in their ecosystems that have more phytoplankton present.", "recovered": "Tarciopl onceas hvae bmeoce generer in the psat two ddecaes, rfnecieltg cgahnes in tiehr emotsscyes tahst hvae mroe pkaptooynlhtn psneret."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tmurp was hdaend dwon a tirhd ienctimdnt tihs week, and paoilcitl alysntas say tihs one may be the msot ciunsoqeaetnl. He was pvsruioely idneitcd for his iemnenovlvt in a hsuh-mneoy sechme befroe he bcaeme peirnsedt and for the ageelld minnsdlihag of cssefliaid mtraeail aeftr he lfet ocffie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tmurp was hdaend dwon a tirhd ienctimdnt tihs week, and paoilcitl alysntas say tihs one may be the msot ciunsoqeaetnl. He was pvsruioely idneitcd for his iemnenovlvt in a hsuh-mneoy sechme befroe he bcaeme peirnsedt and for the ageelld minnsdlihag of cssefliaid mtraeail aeftr he lfet ocffie. Scrambled sentence: Tmurp was hdaend dwon a tirhd ienctimdnt tihs week, and paoilcitl alysntas say tihs one may be the ", "scrambled": "Tmurp was hdaend dwon a tirhd ienctimdnt tihs week, and paoilcitl alysntas say tihs one may be the msot ciunsoqeaetnl. He was pvsruioely idneitcd for his iemnenovlvt in a hsuh-mneoy sechme befroe he bcaeme peirnsedt and for the ageelld minnsdlihag of cssefliaid mtraeail aeftr he lfet ocffie.", "original": "Trump was handed down a third indictment this week, and political analysts say this one may be the most consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.", "recovered": "Tmurp was hdaend dwon a tirhd ienctimdnt tihs week, and paoilcitl alysntas say tihs one may be the msot ciunsoqeaetnl. He was pvsruioely idneitcd for his iemnenovlvt in a hsuh-mneoy sechme befroe he bcaeme peirnsedt and for the ageelld minnsdlihag of cssefliaid mtraeail aeftr he lfet ocffie."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Titetwr is now X. Msuk relepcad Tttwier\u2019s gllblaoy rogecneizd bule brid lgoo, wchih had been in use for mroe tahn a dcadee, as prat of a rdcaail rrnedbiang.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Titetwr is now X. Msuk relepcad Tittwier\u2019s gllblaoy rogecneizd bule brid lgoo, wchih had been in use for more than a dcadee, as prat of a rdcaail rrnedbiang. Scrambled sentence: Titetwr is now X. Msuk relepcad Tttwier\u2019s gllblaoy rogecneizd bule brid lgoo, wchih had been in use for mroe tahn a dcadee, as prat of a rdcaail rrnedbiang. Scrambled sentence: Titetwr is now X. Msuk relepcad Tttwier\u2019s gllblaoy rogecneizd bule brid ", "scrambled": "Titetwr is now X. Msuk relepcad Tttwier\u2019s gllblaoy rogecneizd bule brid lgoo, wchih had been in use for mroe tahn a dcadee, as prat of a rdcaail rrnedbiang.", "original": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized blue bird logo, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding.", "recovered": "Titetwr is now X. Msuk relepcad Tittwier\u2019s gllblaoy rogecneizd bule brid lgoo, wchih had been in use for more than a dcadee, as prat of a rdcaail rrnedbiang."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ttwietr\u2019s ttirdaniaol brid iocn was trrmelaoipy rlceeapd wtih an iamge of a Sibha Inu dog, an aenprpat nod to deoigocn, the jkoe cerrytccnourpy taht CEO Eoln Msuk is bneig seud oevr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Twitter\u2019s tenth anniversary branding campaign was rolled out with an image of a Sibha Inu dog, an affectionate nod to destiny, the just one certificate of courage that CEO Evan Msuk is bearing over. Scrambled sentence: Ttwietr\u2019s ttirdaniaol brid iocn was trrmelaoipy rlceeapd wttih an iamge of a Sibha Inu dog, an aenprpat nod to deoigocn, the jkoe cerrytcccnourpy taht CEO Eoln Msuk is bneig seud oevr. Scrambled sentence: Ttwietr\u2019s ttirdaniaol brid iocn was trrmelaoipy rlceeapd wttih an iamge of a Sibha Inu dog, an aenprpat", "scrambled": "Ttwietr\u2019s ttirdaniaol brid iocn was trrmelaoipy rlceeapd wtih an iamge of a Sibha Inu dog, an aenprpat nod to deoigocn, the jkoe cerrytccnourpy taht CEO Eoln Msuk is bneig seud oevr.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traditional bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency that CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "recovered": "Twitter\u2019s tenth anniversary branding campaign was rolled out with an image of a Sibha Inu dog, an affectionate nod to destiny, the just one certificate of courage that CEO Evan Msuk is bearing over."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tiewttr\u2019s tfaifrc tekand fllwnoiog the lnucah of Mtea\u2019s ravil app Trhdaes, whcih tepopd mroe tahn 100 mliloin usres wiithn fvie dyas aeftr its duebt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tiewttr\u2019s tfaifrc tekand fllwnoioog the lnucah of Mtea\u2019s ravil app Trhdaes, whcih tepopd mroe tahn 100 mliloin usres wiithn fvie dyas aeftr its duebt. Scrambled sentence: Tiewttr\u2019s tfaifrc tekand fllwnoioog the lnucah of Mtea\u2019s ravil app Trhdaes, whcih tepopd mroe tahn 100 mliloin usres wiithn fvie dyas aeftr its duebt. Scrambled sentence: Tiewttr\u2019s tfaifrc tekand fllwnoioog the lnucah of Mtea\u2019s ravil", "scrambled": "Tiewttr\u2019s tfaifrc tekand fllwnoiog the lnucah of Mtea\u2019s ravil app Trhdaes, whcih tepopd mroe tahn 100 mliloin usres wiithn fvie dyas aeftr its duebt.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traffic tanked following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app Threads, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after its debut.", "recovered": "Tiewttr\u2019s tfaifrc tekand fllwnoioog the lnucah of Mtea\u2019s ravil app Trhdaes, whcih tepopd mroe tahn 100 mliloin usres wiithn fvie dyas aeftr its duebt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tpoyhon Dousrki duempd an eirnte mnoth\u2019s wtroh of ranflail on Bijenig in olny 48 hrous, sapknirg rusece msosniis for sruvrvios tpearpd by foeldod stteers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tpoyhon Dousrki duempd an eirnte mnoth\u2019s wtroh of ranflail on Bijenig in olny 48 hrous, sapknirg rusece msosniis for sruvrvios tpearpd by foeldod stteers. Scrambled sentence: Tpoyhon Dousrki duempd an eirnte mnoth\u2019s wtroh of ranflail on Bijenig in olny 48 hrous, sapknirg rusece msosniis for sruvrvios tpearpd by foeldod stteers. Scrambled sentence: Tpoyhon Dousrki duempd an eirnte mnoth\u2019s wtroh of ranflail on Bijenig in o", "scrambled": "Tpoyhon Dousrki duempd an eirnte mnoth\u2019s wtroh of ranflail on Bijenig in olny 48 hrous, sapknirg rusece msosniis for sruvrvios tpearpd by foeldod stteers.", "original": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking rescue missions for survivors trapped by flooded streets.", "recovered": "Tpoyhon Dousrki duempd an eirnte mnoth\u2019s wtroh of ranflail on Bijenig in olny 48 hrous, sapknirg rusece msosniis for sruvrvios tpearpd by foeldod stteers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: UK hsuoe precis hvae had thier besggit anaunl flal in nalrey 14 yeras, aoridcncg to Btirian\u2019s lgasret mggorate leendr, Niodaiwnte. The 3.4% dorp in May is the bgseigt sncie Jluy 2009, wehn huose pcreis dorpepd by 6.2%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since June 2009, when house prices dovetailed by 6.2%. Scrambled sentence: UK hsuoe precis hvae had thier besggit anaunl flal in nalrey 14 yeras, aoridcncg to Btirian\u2019s lgasret mggorate leendr, Niodaiwnte. The 3.4% dorp in May is the bgseigt sncie Jluy 2009, wehn huose pcreis dorpepd by 6.2%. Recovered sentence: UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since June 2009, when house prices dovetailed by 6.2%. Scrambled sentence: UK hsuoe precis hvae had th", "scrambled": "UK hsuoe precis hvae had thier besggit anaunl flal in nalrey 14 yeras, aoridcncg to Btirian\u2019s lgasret mggorate leendr, Niodaiwnte. The 3.4% dorp in May is the bgseigt sncie Jluy 2009, wehn huose pcreis dorpepd by 6.2%.", "original": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "recovered": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since June 2009, when house prices dovetailed by 6.2%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Uairkne acesucd Mocsow of hidonlg Blraues \u201cas a nalecur hsaogte\u201d afetr the Rssiuan peedsirnt teaeetnhrd to sottian tcatical naucler wnoeaps in the ngihubinreog ntoain, and Ntao cenmdoned his \u201cduaeognrs and ieslribrnopse roithrec\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Uairkne acesucd Mocsow of hidonlg Blraues \u201cas a nalecur hsaogte\u201d after the Rssiuan peedsirnt teaeetnhrd to sottian tcatical naucler wnoeaps in the ngihubinreog ntoain, and Ntao cenmdoned his \u201cduaeognrs and ieslribrnopse roithrec\u201d. Scrambled sentence: Uairkne acesucd Mocsow of hidonlg Blraues \u201cas a nalecur hsaogte\u201d afetr the Rssiuan peedsirnt teaeetnhrd to sottian tcatical naucler wnoeaps in the ngihubinreog n", "scrambled": "Uairkne acesucd Mocsow of hidonlg Blraues \u201cas a nalecur hsaogte\u201d afetr the Rssiuan peedsirnt teaeetnhrd to sottian tcatical naucler wnoeaps in the ngihubinreog ntoain, and Ntao cenmdoned his \u201cduaeognrs and ieslribrnopse roithrec\u201d.", "original": "Ukraine accused Moscow of holding Belarus \u201cas a nuclear hostage\u201d after the Russian president threatened to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and irresponsible rhetoric\u201d.", "recovered": "Uairkne acesucd Mocsow of hidonlg Blraues \u201cas a nalecur hsaogte\u201d after the Rssiuan peedsirnt teaeetnhrd to sottian tcatical naucler wnoeaps in the ngihubinreog ntoain, and Ntao cenmdoned his \u201cduaeognrs and ieslribrnopse roithrec\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Uakinre\u2019s gmneorenvt iivtned Liuz Ii\u00e1nco Llua da Sliva to vsiit atefr he csaued cetnsorintaon aomng Kiyv\u2019s Wesrten aiells by ugirng the US to \u201csotp egnicnoaurg the war\u201d tehre and clanlig for a pceae dael wtih Rissua.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Uakinre\u2019s gmneorenvt iivtned Liuz Ii\u00e1nco Llua da Sliva to vsiit atefr he csaued cetnsorintaon aomng Kiyv\u2019s Wesrten aiells by ugirng the US to \u201csotp egnicnoaurg the war\u201d tehre and clanlig for a pceae dael wtih Rissua. Scrambled sentence: Uakinre\u2019s gmneorenvt iivtned Liuz Ii\u00e1nco Llua da Sliva to vsiit atefr he csaued cetnsorintaon aomng Kiyv\u2019s Wesrten aiells by ugirng the US to \u201csotp egnicnoaurg the war\u201d tehre and clanlig", "scrambled": "Uakinre\u2019s gmneorenvt iivtned Liuz Ii\u00e1nco Llua da Sliva to vsiit atefr he csaued cetnsorintaon aomng Kiyv\u2019s Wesrten aiells by ugirng the US to \u201csotp egnicnoaurg the war\u201d tehre and clanlig for a pceae dael wtih Rissua.", "original": "Ukraine\u2019s government invited Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to visit after he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging the US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a peace deal with Russia.", "recovered": "Uakinre\u2019s gmneorenvt iivtned Liuz Ii\u00e1nco Llua da Sliva to vsiit atefr he csaued cetnsorintaon aomng Kiyv\u2019s Wesrten aiells by ugirng the US to \u201csotp egnicnoaurg the war\u201d tehre and clanlig for a pceae dael wtih Rissua."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vaeitnm has bnnead cmmercaiol snceienrgs of the Braibe flim, out on 21 Jluy, oevr a map taht aarepps to sohw Bnejiig\u2019s \u201cnnie-dsah lnie\u201d in the Stuoh Cnhia Sea taht mraks ditesupd tiorrrtey. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uprwanepd pcdaost.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Vaeitnam has been reading commercial sense in the senses of the Braibe flim, out on 21 June, over a map that apepps to show Bnejiig\u2019s \u201cninnie-dsah lnie\u201d in the Stuoh Cnhia Sea that mraks ditesupd tiorrrtey. Find out more with The Week Uprwanepd pcdaost. Scrambled sentence: Vaeitnm has bnnead cmmercaiol snceienrgs of the Braibe flim, out on 21 Jluy, oevr a map taht aarepps to sohw Bnejiig\u2019s \u201cnnie-dsah lnie\u201d in the Stuoh Cnhia Sea taht mraks ditesupd tiorrrtey. Fnid out mroe ", "scrambled": "Vaeitnm has bnnead cmmercaiol snceienrgs of the Braibe flim, out on 21 Jluy, oevr a map taht aarepps to sohw Bnejiig\u2019s \u201cnnie-dsah lnie\u201d in the Stuoh Cnhia Sea taht mraks ditesupd tiorrrtey. Fnid out mroe wtih The Week Uprwanepd pcdaost.", "original": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that appears to show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea that marks disputed territory. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Vaeitnam has been reading commercial sense in the senses of the Braibe flim, out on 21 June, over a map that apepps to show Bnejiig\u2019s \u201cninnie-dsah lnie\u201d in the Stuoh Cnhia Sea that mraks ditesupd tiorrrtey. Find out more with The Week Uprwanepd pcdaost."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Viarl fooatge soehwd vtirsios at Fodirla\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptitang a kwii, a nuaonrtcl brid, uednr bhrigt lthigs drinug a $25 \u201cKwii Etennucor\u201d erepxnicee. The zoo agileoospd for hvinag \u201codefnfed a noatin\u201d flwniloog an ourtcy in New Zaelnad, whree kiiws are a trueesrad naoitanl iocn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Viarl fooatge soehwd vtirsios at Fodirla\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptitang a kwii, a nuaonrtcl brid, uednr bhrigt lthigs drinug a $25 \u201cKwii Etennucor\u201d erepxnicee. The zoo agileoospd for hvinag \u201codefnfed a noatin\u201d flwniloog an ourtcy in New Zaelnad, whree kiiws are a trueesrad naoitanl iocn. Scrambled sentence: Viarl fooatge soehwd vtirsios at Fodirla\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptitang a kwii, a nuaonrtcl brid, uednr bh", "scrambled": "Viarl fooatge soehwd vtirsios at Fodirla\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptitang a kwii, a nuaonrtcl brid, uednr bhrigt lthigs drinug a $25 \u201cKwii Etennucor\u201d erepxnicee. The zoo agileoospd for hvinag \u201codefnfed a noatin\u201d flwniloog an ourtcy in New Zaelnad, whree kiiws are a trueesrad naoitanl iocn.", "original": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights during a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. The zoo apologised for having \u201coffended a nation\u201d following an outcry in New Zealand, where kiwis are a treasured national icon.", "recovered": "Viarl fooatge soehwd vtirsios at Fodirla\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptitang a kwii, a nuaonrtcl brid, uednr bhrigt lthigs drinug a $25 \u201cKwii Etennucor\u201d erepxnicee. The zoo agileoospd for hvinag \u201codefnfed a noatin\u201d flwniloog an ourtcy in New Zaelnad, whree kiiws are a trueesrad naoitanl iocn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vsaolegwkn is rinlaelcg 143,000 of its Altas SVUs due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d iusse dtcteeed in smoe peneasgsr-sdie aragibs taht can sctwih the sesonr off udner ciaretn ctniodonis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Valeant is removing 143,000 of its Altas SVUs due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a", "scrambled": "Vsaolegwkn is rinlaelcg 143,000 of its Altas SVUs due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d iusse dtcteeed in smoe peneasgsr-sdie aragibs taht can sctwih the sesonr off udner ciaretn ctniodonis.", "original": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected in some passenger-side airbags that can switch the sensor off under certain conditions.", "recovered": "Valeant is removing 143,000 of its Altas SVUs due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a \u201csdipraoc\u201d issue due to a"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Whangiotsn cidenorsed rrtemieent atefr one trem, but aaositsces ieorpmld him to svere an andtaiidol fuor yares in the fcae of egeinmrg poacitill diionsvis taht mnay fraeed wuold plul the yunog crnuoty aarpt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Whangiotsn cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenor", "scrambled": "Whangiotsn cidenorsed rrtemieent atefr one trem, but aaositsces ieorpmld him to svere an andtaiidol fuor yares in the fcae of egeinmrg poacitill diionsvis taht mnay fraeed wuold plul the yunog crnuoty aarpt.", "original": "Washington considered retirement after one term, but associates implored him to serve an additional four years in the face of emerging political divisions that many feared would pull the young country apart.", "recovered": "Whangiotsn cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenorsed cidenor"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Wlels Frago has aeegrd to pay $1 bolilin to stelte a lwiuast anscicug it of dreuifdang saoeehdrhlrs oevr its teatnrmet of cesutrmos. Scine 2016, Wlles Fgaro has piad or set adsie bollniis of dlrolas to rlsevoe rltrouagey prbeos and lioatiitgn ccinnrenog its bnusiess preiatccs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Wlles Frago has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of dreuifdang saoeehdrhlrs oevr its teatnrmet of cesutrmos. Scrambled sentence: Wlels Frago has aeegrd to pay $1 bolilin to stelte a lwiuast anscicug it of dreuifdang saoeehdrhlrs oevr its teatnrmet of cesutrmos. Scrambled sentence: Wlels Frago has aeegrd to pay $1 bolilin to stelte a lwiuast anscicug it of dreuifdang saoeehdrhlrs oevr its teatnrmet of cesutrmos. Scrambled sentence: Wlels Frago has aeegrd to pay $1 bolilin to ", "scrambled": "Wlels Frago has aeegrd to pay $1 bolilin to stelte a lwiuast anscicug it of dreuifdang saoeehdrhlrs oevr its teatnrmet of cesutrmos. Scine 2016, Wlles Fgaro has piad or set adsie bollniis of dlrolas to rlsevoe rltrouagey prbeos and lioatiitgn ccinnrenog its bnusiess preiatccs.", "original": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding shareholders over its treatment of customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to resolve regulatory probes and litigation concerning its business practices.", "recovered": "Wlles Frago has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of dreuifdang saoeehdrhlrs oevr its teatnrmet of cesutrmos."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cErityenhvg Eyrrheweve All at Ocne\u201d domaeintd the Oarscs on Sduany. The flim won msot of the big arwdas, incidulng bset putcire and diercnitg. Mlheilce Yoeh won bset acersts in a laeidng rloe, wihle Ke Huy Qaun and Jmaie Lee Cturis won bset aotcr and bset arsctes in srupntpoig relos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "\u201cErityenhvg Eyrrheweve All at Ocne\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sduany. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and best direction. Mlheilce Yoeh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Qaun and Jmaie Lee Cturis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles. Scrambled sentence: \u201cErityenhvg Eyrrheweve All at Ocne\u201d domaeintd the Oarscs on Sduany. The flim won msot of the big arwdas, incidulng bset putcire and diercnitg. Mlheilce Yoeh won bset acersts in a laeidng rloe, wihle Ke Huy Qaun and Jmaie Lee Cturis won bset aotcr and bset arsctes in srupntpoig relos. Recovered sentence: \u201c", "scrambled": "\u201cErityenhvg Eyrrheweve All at Ocne\u201d domaeintd the Oarscs on Sduany. The flim won msot of the big arwdas, incidulng bset putcire and diercnitg. Mlheilce Yoeh won bset acersts in a laeidng rloe, wihle Ke Huy Qaun and Jmaie Lee Cturis won bset aotcr and bset arsctes in srupntpoig relos.", "original": "\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sunday. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.", "recovered": "\u201cErityenhvg Eyrrheweve All at Ocne\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sduany. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and best direction. Mlheilce Yoeh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Qaun and Jmaie Lee Cturis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cYou\u2019ll be srsperuid at waht you can get at Adli,\u201d siad The Tmeis, wichh ltiesd \u201cgrroieecs, poewr dllris, inlaefbatls, sewnig miheancs\u201d and a \u201cRmaon miosac\u201d. The \u201cacoclhegaloaliry snfniiicagt\u201d droeicsvy ptonis to the ecetsinxe of a hgih-satuts Raomn hsuoe, or dumos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Adli,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgrooieecs, poewr dllris, inlaefbatls, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRamon mistic\u201d. The \u201cacoclhegaloaliry snfniiicagt\u201d droeicsvy ptonis to the ecetsinxe of a high-satuts Ramon hsuoe, or dumos. Scrambled sentence: \u201cYou\u2019ll be srsperuid at waht you can get at Adli,\u201d siad The Tmeis, wichh ltiesd \u201cgrroieecs, poewr dllris, inlaefbatls, sewnig miheancs\u201d and a \u201cRmaon miosac\u201d. The \u201cacoclhegaloaliry snfniiicagt\u201d droeic", "scrambled": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be srsperuid at waht you can get at Adli,\u201d siad The Tmeis, wichh ltiesd \u201cgrroieecs, poewr dllris, inlaefbatls, sewnig miheancs\u201d and a \u201cRmaon miosac\u201d. The \u201cacoclhegaloaliry snfniiicagt\u201d droeicsvy ptonis to the ecetsinxe of a hgih-satuts Raomn hsuoe, or dumos.", "original": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Aldi,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201carchaeologically significant\u201d discovery points to the existence of a high-status Roman house, or domus.", "recovered": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Adli,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgrooieecs, poewr dllris, inlaefbatls, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRamon mistic\u201d. The \u201cacoclhegaloaliry snfniiicagt\u201d droeicsvy ptonis to the ecetsinxe of a high-satuts Ramon hsuoe, or dumos."}
