{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A reGebr byba ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr epdstie a lclera eovr bslpioes ionmanantitco, grnoadicc ot eth ADF. heT pyomacn si noniacrggue rptsean ot ckhec yna poducsrt yhte evah ta mhoe nda cdisadr sehot taht aym eb ecaeftdf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A robust framework byba ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr epdstie a lclera eovr bslpioes ionmanantitco, grnoadicc ot eth ADF. heT pyomacn si noniacrggue rptsean ot ckhec yna poducsrt yhte evah ta mhoe nda cdisadr sehot taht aym eb ecaeftdf.", "scrambled": "A reGebr byba ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr epdstie a lclera eovr bslpioes ionmanantitco, grnoadicc ot eth ADF. heT pyomacn si noniacrggue rptsean ot ckhec yna poducsrt yhte evah ta mhoe nda cdisadr sehot taht aym eb ecaeftdf.", "original": "A Gerber baby formula was distributed to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard those that may be affected.", "recovered": "A robust framework byba ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr epdstie a lclera eovr bslpioes ionmanantitco, grnoadicc ot eth ADF. heT pyomacn si noniacrggue rptsean ot ckhec yna poducsrt yhte evah ta mhoe nda cdisadr sehot taht aym eb ecaeftdf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A lichd ni ianeM sha steetd ipiotvse rof smeaels, ettas thahel ififsaloc isda. ihleW hte sirvu asw caeddrel eitamdniel mreo hnat otw sdeceda goa, tlhhae fliasoicf ays naonicitvac asert ni eth SU ehva ppedodr ni tencer eryas, rangpsik enw osaebutrk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A lichd ni ianeM sha steetd ipiotvse rof smeaels, ettas thahel ififsaloc isda. ihleW hte sirvu asw caeddrel eitamdniel mreo hnat otw sdeceda goa, tlhhae fliasoicf ays naonicitvac asert ni eth SU ehva ppedodr ni tencer eryas, rangpsik enw osaebutrk.", "scrambled": "A lichd ni ianeM sha steetd ipiotvse rof smeaels, ettas thahel ififsaloc isda. ihleW hte sirvu asw caeddrel eitamdniel mreo hnat otw sdeceda goa, tlhhae fliasoicf ays naonicitvac asert ni eth SU ehva ppedodr ni tencer eryas, rangpsik enw osaebutrk.", "original": "A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "recovered": "A lichd ni ianeM sha steetd ipiotvse rof smeaels, ettas thahel ififsaloc isda. ihleW hte sirvu asw caeddrel eitamdniel mreo hnat otw sdeceda goa, tlhhae fliasoicf ays naonicitvac asert ni eth SU ehva ppedodr ni tencer eryas, rangpsik enw osaebutrk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A tchacloeo eurtslupc genghiiw omre naht 50 odupsn swa ndleeuvi yb a neccneiootyfr radnb ot kmra igKn lhrCeas III\u2019s aconnroito no aMy 6 ni nLnodo\u2019s rmesnWetsit bbAey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Challenger space shuttle disintegrated in the sky 50 miles above the earth\u2019s surface, taking the lives of the seven crew members, Christa McAuliffe, Greg Jarvis, Ronald McNair, Ellison Onizuka, Judith Resnik, Michael Smith, and Dick Scobee.", "scrambled": "A tchacloeo eurtslupc genghiiw omre naht 50 odupsn swa ndleeuvi yb a neccneiootyfr radnb ot kmra igKn lhrCeas III\u2019s aconnroito no aMy 6 ni nLnodo\u2019s rmesnWetsit bbAey.", "original": "A chocolate sculpture weighing more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand to mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "recovered": "The Challenger space shuttle disintegrated in the sky 50 miles above the earth\u2019s surface, taking the lives of the seven crew members, Christa McAuliffe, Greg Jarvis, Ronald McNair, Ellison Onizuka, Judith Resnik, Michael Smith, and Dick Scobee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A raenc lpdlaecso anesdyedW ni ewN oYkr tCiy ilwhe eth reoarotp asw tlifnig otuba 16 sotn fo neocecrt, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo dwesoh efalms nda meoks ginrsi mrof eth eacrn reobef sit omob lfel, nhgtiti a dlbgiuni oscras eht eetstr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A random sample of 16 students from the university, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo dwesoh efalms nda meoks ginrsi mrof eth eacrn reobef sit omob lfel, nhgtiti a dlbgiuni oscras eht eetstr.", "scrambled": "A raenc lpdlaecso anesdyedW ni ewN oYkr tCiy ilwhe eth reoarotp asw tlifnig otuba 16 sotn fo neocecrt, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo dwesoh efalms nda meoks ginrsi mrof eth eacrn reobef sit omob lfel, nhgtiti a dlbgiuni oscras eht eetstr.", "original": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York City while the operator was lifting about 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames and smoke rising from the crane before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.", "recovered": "A random sample of 16 students from the university, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo dwesoh efalms nda meoks ginrsi mrof eth eacrn reobef sit omob lfel, nhgtiti a dlbgiuni oscras eht eetstr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A dadeyl anrti sacrh ni iaInd sha rndeewe clsal rfo osiruihaett ot foornctn ytasfe seusis ni a liyraaw ysmets atth pattnrsosr remo hnta 13 minioll eernagspss ryeve dya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A daily antivirus scan is important to ensure your computer stays free from viruses and other threats. It\u2019s a good idea to run a full system scan once a month, and also to run a quick scan every day.", "scrambled": "A dadeyl anrti sacrh ni iaInd sha rndeewe clsal rfo osiruihaett ot foornctn ytasfe seusis ni a liyraaw ysmets atth pattnrsosr remo hnta 13 minioll eernagspss ryeve dya.", "original": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to confront safety issues in a railway system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.", "recovered": "A daily antivirus scan is important to ensure your computer stays free from viruses and other threats. It\u2019s a good idea to run a full system scan once a month, and also to run a quick scan every day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A tagin, ysknti aesewed lobb si deeahd ot oidlFar. tI\u2019s eectdpex ot coemeb venrtaepl no abhcees ni ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt ot ptu a pemard no eth muesrm riuostt aoesns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A giant, yellow skunk ate my daughter\u2019s goldfish. It\u2019s a good example of how predators don\u2019t discriminate, and how patience and teamwork can overcome even the meanest of murderers.", "scrambled": "A tagin, ysknti aesewed lobb si deeahd ot oidlFar. tI\u2019s eectdpex ot coemeb venrtaepl no abhcees ni ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt ot ptu a pemard no eth muesrm riuostt aoesns.", "original": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is headed to Florida. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, potentially threatening to put a damper on the summer tourist season.", "recovered": "A giant, yellow skunk ate my daughter\u2019s goldfish. It\u2019s a good example of how predators don\u2019t discriminate, and how patience and teamwork can overcome even the meanest of murderers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A goalbl dsuty yb ecrehrasrse ta xOodrf veystrnUii\u2019s eRtreus tIsiettun udnfo tath idldwwroe, 48% fo eopepl reew yver ro erlexmtye rtneitesed ni hte esnw \u2013 wnod ormf 63% ni 2017. hTe otirorponp asw vnee rlewo ni teh KU, sa acueidsen \u201cctu ckba no pigrednsse sewn\u201d ot pcrotet irthe mtenla hatelh, asdi eth ydtsu uahrots.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a survey of internet users in the UK, 48% of people had experienced some form of online harassment \u2013 which rose to 63% in 2017. The other proportion reported that their children had experienced online harm, such as bullying, threats or sexual comments.", "scrambled": "A goalbl dsuty yb ecrehrasrse ta xOodrf veystrnUii\u2019s eRtreus tIsiettun udnfo tath idldwwroe, 48% fo eopepl reew yver ro erlexmtye rtneitesed ni hte esnw \u2013 wnod ormf 63% ni 2017. hTe otirorponp asw vnee rlewo ni teh KU, sa acueidsen \u201cctu ckba no pigrednsse sewn\u201d ot pcrotet irthe mtenla hatelh, asdi eth ydtsu uahrots.", "original": "A global study by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.", "recovered": "According to a survey of internet users in the UK, 48% of people had experienced some form of online harassment \u2013 which rose to 63% in 2017. The other proportion reported that their children had experienced online harm, such as bullying, threats or sexual comments."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A high fo 38.8C aws recordde ni eth aAnsidnula tyic no rdTuhsya, sa toh ira ienepsgw otni Sainp mfro hNtro afAcir stih ewke rlsetsu ni samrreteuetp pu ot 15C rrawem athn edectepx orf iArpl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A high forest fire awareness recordde in Ansidnula, Saitama prefecture, due to the strong heat wave, so please be careful with fire and take preventive measures, such as not throwing cigarette butts carelessly, especially when the temperature is high.", "scrambled": "A high fo 38.8C aws recordde ni eth aAnsidnula tyic no rdTuhsya, sa toh ira ienepsgw otni Sainp mfro hNtro afAcir stih ewke rlsetsu ni samrreteuetp pu ot 15C rrawem athn edectepx orf iArpl.", "original": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Andalusian city on Thursday, as hot air sweeping into Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April.", "recovered": "A high forest fire awareness recordde in Ansidnula, Saitama prefecture, due to the strong heat wave, so please be careful with fire and take preventive measures, such as not throwing cigarette butts carelessly, especially when the temperature is high."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A rekill xpo ahs edikll pu ot 80% fo der iqslurrse ni noe etiwrn ta het fwe ssiet yhte rae lslti fnuod ni sWeal. Nerlay 11,000 ppeleo aehv sendig a peotitni lgclina rfo eth leshW noetmvegrn ot dufn vicncae chrereas ni roedr ot ttoerpc lWase\u2019 mlsal tpinlopauo fo dre sqsuerril \u2013 etrhe rea nyol tabuo 1,000 flet ni rNtoh Wlsae. svIianev, non-netavi egyr eqrlsirsu aryrc usilrerq oxp rvisu, ubt ear otn tfcfaede yb ti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scripps National Spelling Bee has eliminated 80% of the competition in the first round this year by getting five of the seven words correct. Nearly 11,000 people have sent in a perfect first round score of 25 out of 25 on the less difficult vocabulary portion of the competition. Only 1,000 of those will advance to the National Finals in Washington. The final round will test the spellers on words that are often taboo in regular conversation, such as genitalia, excrement, and vomit.", "scrambled": "A rekill xpo ahs edikll pu ot 80% fo der iqslurrse ni noe etiwrn ta het fwe ssiet yhte rae lslti fnuod ni sWeal. Nerlay 11,000 ppeleo aehv sendig a peotitni lgclina rfo eth leshW noetmvegrn ot dufn vicncae chrereas ni roedr ot ttoerpc lWase\u2019 mlsal tpinlopauo fo dre sqsuerril \u2013 etrhe rea nyol tabuo 1,000 flet ni rNtoh Wlsae. svIianev, non-netavi egyr eqrlsirsu aryrc usilrerq oxp rvisu, ubt ear otn tfcfaede yb ti.", "original": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to protect Wales\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. Invasive, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it.", "recovered": "Scripps National Spelling Bee has eliminated 80% of the competition in the first round this year by getting five of the seven words correct. Nearly 11,000 people have sent in a perfect first round score of 25 out of 25 on the less difficult vocabulary portion of the competition. Only 1,000 of those will advance to the National Finals in Washington. The final round will test the spellers on words that are often taboo in regular conversation, such as genitalia, excrement, and vomit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A esasmiv blow-ehdaps ehetrta ni sLa gVesa htta plerdtorey stonncia eth dlorw\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu owadurrnpa EDL enserc asw ylulf mendiltluia no Teduays. eSe tsi rmadtcai bdeut reeh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A devastating blow to the head can result in a loss of consciousness, and even death. It is essential to seek medical attention as soon as possible. This includes even minor injuries such as a bump on the head.", "scrambled": "A esasmiv blow-ehdaps ehetrta ni sLa gVesa htta plerdtorey stonncia eth dlorw\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu owadurrnpa EDL enserc asw ylulf mendiltluia no Teduays. eSe tsi rmadtcai bdeut reeh.", "original": "A massive bowl-shaped theater in Las Vegas that reportedly contains the world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound LED screen was fully illuminated on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "recovered": "A devastating blow to the head can result in a loss of consciousness, and even death. It is essential to seek medical attention as soon as possible. This includes even minor injuries such as a bump on the head."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A wne rreatli orf eth evli-naicto aeerkm fo 1989\u2019s aeantmdi \u201cheT iltLet dMeiram\u201d deedtub udnigr eht cOssra recenyom.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A wonderful example of the genre, this film is a remake of 1989\u2019s hit movie \u201cThe Nightmare on Elm Street\u201d.", "scrambled": "A wne rreatli orf eth evli-naicto aeerkm fo 1989\u2019s aeantmdi \u201cheT iltLet dMeiram\u201d deedtub udnigr eht cOssra recenyom.", "original": "A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony.", "recovered": "A wonderful example of the genre, this film is a remake of 1989\u2019s hit movie \u201cThe Nightmare on Elm Street\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A owr obkre tou taefr eth clob rererfed ot eht dFallnak aIlsdsn yb het eitneAnrg eamn, \u201caIlss lniasMav\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m ndiges ni esrsBsul yb 60 UE adn aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR nuakS sdiiceitcr eth \u201ctglrebterae iehcco fo rsodw\u201d, chhwi typrenpala neeodrds atengrniA\u2019s licma ot het girachlaepo, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A worker robot tested the cloth before sending it to the Fallnak aliens, \u201cAll systems normal\u201d, in a soft voice without any errors in 60 UE and all internal instruments intonsa. isihR nuakS said to the \u201ctglrebterae iehcco fo rsodw\u201d, check the data, and then send the report. This is the first time for the Earth to contact aliens, so people are very nervous.", "scrambled": "A owr obkre tou taefr eth clob rererfed ot eht dFallnak aIlsdsn yb het eitneAnrg eamn, \u201caIlss lniasMav\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m ndiges ni esrsBsul yb 60 UE adn aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR nuakS sdiiceitcr eth \u201ctglrebterae iehcco fo rsodw\u201d, chhwi typrenpala neeodrds atengrniA\u2019s licma ot het girachlaepo, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt.", "original": "A row broke out after the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands by the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American nations. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory.", "recovered": "A worker robot tested the cloth before sending it to the Fallnak aliens, \u201cAll systems normal\u201d, in a soft voice without any errors in 60 UE and all internal instruments intonsa. isihR nuakS said to the \u201ctglrebterae iehcco fo rsodw\u201d, check the data, and then send the report. This is the first time for the Earth to contact aliens, so people are very nervous."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A oscer si ueqla ot 20 easry, os Lilocnn wsa fiegrrenr ot 87 arsye aog \u2014 ro 1776 \u2014 hnew teh laatniocreD fo nncIneeeepdd asw dedpaot ni ish assredd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A scarlet siren equals 20 fathoms, as Lillicock was finding the depth of 87 fathoms \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 he noted the last nipper-depth as the depth at which the lead-line stopped descending.", "scrambled": "A oscer si ueqla ot 20 easry, os Lilocnn wsa fiegrrenr ot 87 arsye aog \u2014 ro 1776 \u2014 hnew teh laatniocreD fo nncIneeeepdd asw dedpaot ni ish assredd.", "original": "A score is equal to 20 years, so Lincoln was referring to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address.", "recovered": "A scarlet siren equals 20 fathoms, as Lillicock was finding the depth of 87 fathoms \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 he noted the last nipper-depth as the depth at which the lead-line stopped descending."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ase rttoe sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni rloniaifCa, rnaccidgo ot Teh pgahTeler. heT ivfe-arey-dol lanaim, nwokn sa rOtte 841, ash eneb jgnpmui noto rbosda nda dninugg ireht nrsweo otu fo teh ywa, os esh nca hvea a sabk. rFo mero dod adn dtecnpueex eswn, gsin pu ot eth alTl esalT eltreewtsn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The asteroid 1998 SF36 will pass very close to the earth on April 8, 2019, at a distance of about 8.4 lunar distances. It is about 1.2 kilometers in diameter, and has a rotation period of about 3.9 hours. It is a S-type asteroid, which means that it is composed primarily of silicates. It was discovered on September 18, 1998, by the Spacewatch program at Kitt Peak.", "scrambled": "A ase rttoe sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni rloniaifCa, rnaccidgo ot Teh pgahTeler. heT ivfe-arey-dol lanaim, nwokn sa rOtte 841, ash eneb jgnpmui noto rbosda nda dninugg ireht nrsweo otu fo teh ywa, os esh nca hvea a sabk. rFo mero dod adn dtecnpueex eswn, gsin pu ot eth alTl esalT eltreewtsn.", "original": "A sea otter keeps pinching surfers\u2019 boards in California, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and nudging their owners out of the way, so she can have a bask. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The asteroid 1998 SF36 will pass very close to the earth on April 8, 2019, at a distance of about 8.4 lunar distances. It is about 1.2 kilometers in diameter, and has a rotation period of about 3.9 hours. It is a S-type asteroid, which means that it is composed primarily of silicates. It was discovered on September 18, 1998, by the Spacewatch program at Kitt Peak."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A gousentr eospomurn ceaetrd a nncgetiamfi igths srscao teh dlwor hsti kwee. hTsi sumluino cepstelac oscurc ehnw eth omon enrsa sit stescol ntpio ot thaEr lwhei rniegpapa lulf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A great opportunity exists to strengthen the dialogue between the world of science and the world of religion. This summit will bring together leading scientists, theologians, philosophers, and other thinkers to explore the intersection of science and religion, and to promote mutual understanding and respect between these two important spheres of human activity.", "scrambled": "A gousentr eospomurn ceaetrd a nncgetiamfi igths srscao teh dlwor hsti kwee. hTsi sumluino cepstelac oscurc ehnw eth omon enrsa sit stescol ntpio ot thaEr lwhei rniegpapa lulf.", "original": "A sturgeon supermoon created a magnificent sight across the world this week. This luminous spectacle occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.", "recovered": "A great opportunity exists to strengthen the dialogue between the world of science and the world of religion. This summit will bring together leading scientists, theologians, philosophers, and other thinkers to explore the intersection of science and religion, and to promote mutual understanding and respect between these two important spheres of human activity."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ersug si detcpeex nwhe eTtli 42 \u2014 eth uprmT-aer picloy hatt dleoalw ertuihosati ot iqlykuc nrut waya rteinca ismargnt ta het orbedr unidgr eth dmicpean \u2014 oscem ot na den.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sending this message confirms that you want to leave the team. Please let me know if you need any help finding another team, or if there's anything else I can do to help make this transition easier for you. You've been a great teammate, and we'll miss you!", "scrambled": "A ersug si detcpeex nwhe eTtli 42 \u2014 eth uprmT-aer picloy hatt dleoalw ertuihosati ot iqlykuc nrut waya rteinca ismargnt ta het orbedr unidgr eth dmicpean \u2014 oscem ot na den.", "original": "A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end.", "recovered": "Sending this message confirms that you want to leave the team. Please let me know if you need any help finding another team, or if there's anything else I can do to help make this transition easier for you. You've been a great teammate, and we'll miss you!"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A rldodte iedlfntitra iehWt sHueo drosgun, isegtnt off stcyieur talsre. hTe uyngo ybo swa uaghct yb eisfocfr eeorfb ibegn ulcqyik etndreui ihtw hsi reatnsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A small dirt road leads into the woods, surrounded on both sides by tall trees. The young boy was walking along the path with his dog by his side.", "scrambled": "A rldodte iedlfntitra iehWt sHueo drosgun, isegtnt off stcyieur talsre. hTe uyngo ybo swa uaghct yb eisfocfr eeorfb ibegn ulcqyik etndreui ihtw hsi reatnsp.", "original": "A toddler infiltrated White House grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.", "recovered": "A small dirt road leads into the woods, surrounded on both sides by tall trees. The young boy was walking along the path with his dog by his side."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A wot-ayre nsigtinvaioet yb teh tndeIdnepen isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy ni ckrteCi odnuf ahtt csimar swa \u201centehendrc\u201d ni teh \u201ciltiste nda ayroxlneiscu\u201d potrs, heliw oewnm rewe \u201cufenyqlrte aemdndee, eeortpseytd dan etraedt sa endcos-sclas\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " An important insight into the inner workings of cells comes from the study of a class of molecules called \u201cintrinsically disordered proteins\u201d, which play key roles in processes such as gene transcription and signal transduction.", "scrambled": "A wot-ayre nsigtinvaioet yb teh tndeIdnepen isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy ni ckrteCi odnuf ahtt csimar swa \u201centehendrc\u201d ni teh \u201ciltiste nda ayroxlneiscu\u201d potrs, heliw oewnm rewe \u201cufenyqlrte aemdndee, eeortpseytd dan etraedt sa endcos-sclas\u201d.", "original": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket found that racism was \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.", "recovered": "An important insight into the inner workings of cells comes from the study of a class of molecules called \u201cintrinsically disordered proteins\u201d, which play key roles in processes such as gene transcription and signal transduction."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A nuoin geprnrteisen hloosc rkoeswr ni sLo gnesAel \u2013 eht nnotai\u2019s sdecon-srtlaeg ticidsrt \u2013 ntew no iertks, tisgthnu dnow slcshoo rfo arslvee ysda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please don\u2019t send me any more letters \u2013 I don\u2019t have a subscription to your publication \u2013 and I don\u2019t want to receive any more, so please delete my name from your mailing list.", "scrambled": "A nuoin geprnrteisen hloosc rkoeswr ni sLo gnesAel \u2013 eht nnotai\u2019s sdecon-srtlaeg ticidsrt \u2013 ntew no iertks, tisgthnu dnow slcshoo rfo arslvee ysda.", "original": "A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for several days.", "recovered": "Please don\u2019t send me any more letters \u2013 I don\u2019t have a subscription to your publication \u2013 and I don\u2019t want to receive any more, so please delete my name from your mailing list."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds na lygapoo, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt fo rhe tletre adh enbe keaytsminl dblsiehup. eSh sha bnee sdeedsupn ofrm het aLuorb tryaP endnigp na ntevisiaigont.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A butterfly emerges from its chrysalis, demonstrating that even the most delicate of creatures can transform into something beautiful.", "scrambled": "tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds na lygapoo, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt fo rhe tletre adh enbe keaytsminl dblsiehup. eSh sha bnee sdeedsupn ofrm het aLuorb tryaP endnigp na ntevisiaigont.", "original": "Abbott subsequently issued an apology, claiming that an early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "recovered": "A butterfly emerges from its chrysalis, demonstrating that even the most delicate of creatures can transform into something beautiful."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn ni teh SU eltf eth akwroelcp eud ot eth eresstss fo eth iCvdo-19 dpcmeina, gaciconrd ot teh utserls fo a syruev duepblish drsyhauT yb het alniaNot uoiclnC fo ettSa oardsB fo rNgunsi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " To contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the government has announced a nationwide lockdown with effect from midnight tonight. All non-essential services and offices will remain closed for a period of 21 days.", "scrambled": "uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn ni teh SU eltf eth akwroelcp eud ot eth eresstss fo eth iCvdo-19 dpcmeina, gaciconrd ot teh utserls fo a syruev duepblish drsyhauT yb het alniaNot uoiclnC fo ettSa oardsB fo rNgunsi.", "original": "About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "recovered": "To contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the government has announced a nationwide lockdown with effect from midnight tonight. All non-essential services and offices will remain closed for a period of 21 days."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nAcgoicrd ot eTh Mrorri, etsrpex ta het KU\u2019s irsft goln Cdovi lciinc, ta Uvieirtnsy Celgole isHtlopa nndLoo, ttemaesi thta udensdrh fo usonstdha fo esinattp aer ni eedn fo stesplaici reac rfo isnmaelt gngrain rmfo eersev eftaigu ot anirb gof. uBt \u201cos raf nloy 100,000 vaeh eenb redoffe tnetemtar\u201d, het preap oterpdre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Mayor, the KU Leuven campus in Celgene is a world-class location, attracting top talent from all over the world. This is confirmed by the fact that over 100,000 visitors come to the campus every year.", "scrambled": "nAcgoicrd ot eTh Mrorri, etsrpex ta het KU\u2019s irsft goln Cdovi lciinc, ta Uvieirtnsy Celgole isHtlopa nndLoo, ttemaesi thta udensdrh fo usonstdha fo esinattp aer ni eedn fo stesplaici reac rfo isnmaelt gngrain rmfo eersev eftaigu ot anirb gof. uBt \u201cos raf nloy 100,000 vaeh eenb redoffe tnetemtar\u201d, het preap oterpdre.", "original": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Covid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for ailments ranging from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.", "recovered": "According to the Mayor, the KU Leuven campus in Celgene is a world-class location, attracting top talent from all over the world. This is confirmed by the fact that over 100,000 visitors come to the campus every year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acrdnocgi ot a ewn rertop eadsb no atad fomr eht Uvieirtnsy fo aMnadlry, teh sslo fo het ordwl\u2019s iartolpc fstroes inreedcsa yb 10% aery-no-erya ni 2022, tihw alrziB ioaccnngut orf 43% fo hte ollabg tlota. petsrxE wnaerd tlsa eyra thta hte oazAmn wsa ghapcaorinp a \u201cpniitpg ipton\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new report from Ernst & Young, the slowdown of the word\u2019s largest asset allocations slowed by 10% every year in 2022, the total amount of assets in blockchain rose by 43%. This was driven by an increase in \u201cpension fund interest\u201d.", "scrambled": "Acrdnocgi ot a ewn rertop eadsb no atad fomr eht Uvieirtnsy fo aMnadlry, teh sslo fo het ordwl\u2019s iartolpc fstroes inreedcsa yb 10% aery-no-erya ni 2022, tihw alrziB ioaccnngut orf 43% fo hte ollabg tlota. petsrxE wnaerd tlsa eyra thta hte oazAmn wsa ghapcaorinp a \u201cpniitpg ipton\u201d.", "original": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "recovered": "According to a new report from Ernst & Young, the slowdown of the word\u2019s largest asset allocations slowed by 10% every year in 2022, the total amount of assets in blockchain rose by 43%. This was driven by an increase in \u201cpension fund interest\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: niocdrcAg ot a wne usytd yb hte SU lolgiaGeco uerSvy (SGUS), weN okYr si ikgsnni yb 1-2mm rep ryea, ni prta ignow ot eth rusoenom whtgie fo teh icyt\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na ttesmadie 771 lmiioln nstnoe. heT ehrceersras loas ldebma oethr peomnnhae inncilgud taorurdenwg laarwhwtdi dna tisihnfg ntiecoct lepats.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists at the Stanford University School of Medicine (SU), have discovered a potential new treatment for the common cold. The treatment, which is in the early stages of testing, involves injecting a patient with a small amount of a substance that causes the body to produce antibodies that attack the cold virus. The researchers believe that the treatment could be effective against other pathogens as well, such as tuberculosis and influenza.", "scrambled": "niocdrcAg ot a wne usytd yb hte SU lolgiaGeco uerSvy (SGUS), weN okYr si ikgsnni yb 1-2mm rep ryea, ni prta ignow ot eth rusoenom whtgie fo teh icyt\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na ttesmadie 771 lmiioln nstnoe. heT ehrceersras loas ldebma oethr peomnnhae inncilgud taorurdenwg laarwhwtdi dna tisihnfg ntiecoct lepats.", "original": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the enormous weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. The researchers also blamed other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates.", "recovered": "Scientists at the Stanford University School of Medicine (SU), have discovered a potential new treatment for the common cold. The treatment, which is in the early stages of testing, involves injecting a patient with a small amount of a substance that causes the body to produce antibodies that attack the cold virus. The researchers believe that the treatment could be effective against other pathogens as well, such as tuberculosis and influenza."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aoncidcgr ot a petror rofm a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc urgpo, hte SU tpnedires\u2019s gdo ahs tntbie tecSer eierScv angtes ta tlsea 10 esmti. Teh 22-ontmh-dol maGren Srdpeheh, a gtif ofrm edinB\u2019s erbrtho asmeJ, sha ebne venig \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d iloonwgfl hte nnsciited.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have developed a new computer chip that can sort ten million items per second.", "scrambled": "Aoncidcgr ot a petror rofm a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc urgpo, hte SU tpnedires\u2019s gdo ahs tntbie tecSer eierScv angtes ta tlsea 10 esmti. Teh 22-ontmh-dol maGren Srdpeheh, a gtif ofrm edinB\u2019s erbrtho asmeJ, sha ebne venig \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d iloonwgfl hte nnsciited.", "original": "According to a report from a conservative watchdog group, the US president\u2019s dog has bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cadditional leashing protocols\u201d following the incidents.", "recovered": "Scientists have developed a new computer chip that can sort ten million items per second."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dociAngcr ot na snlisaya fo awrtweesat ni elsrvae mraoj ciseti, eus fo eth sslaC A gudr sah ersin yb sa cmuh sa a atrueqr ni tujs eon eary, adsi teh tNonalai emrCi nygAec. heT gycane disa sintteg fo raewttwsea vgea a rtbeet niatoiicdn fo grdu ues naht cuilpb evuysrs ro taietmsse romf eedzis tcusssbean. diFn tou mreo ithw heT keWe pwUernadp dposcat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Since the National Anthem was created, many people have tried to sing it perfectly. However, the song is very difficult and only a few people can sing it entirely from memory. The lyrics are very long and the melody is complex, so it is hard to sing the song correctly every time. Most people make some mistakes.", "scrambled": "dociAngcr ot na snlisaya fo awrtweesat ni elsrvae mraoj ciseti, eus fo eth sslaC A gudr sah ersin yb sa cmuh sa a atrueqr ni tujs eon eary, adsi teh tNonalai emrCi nygAec. heT gycane disa sintteg fo raewttwsea vgea a rtbeet niatoiicdn fo grdu ues naht cuilpb evuysrs ro taietmsse romf eedzis tcusssbean. diFn tou mreo ithw heT keWe pwUernadp dposcat.", "original": "According to an analysis of wastewater in several major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the National Crime Agency. The agency said testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from seized substances. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Since the National Anthem was created, many people have tried to sing it perfectly. However, the song is very difficult and only a few people can sing it entirely from memory. The lyrics are very long and the melody is complex, so it is hard to sing the song correctly every time. Most people make some mistakes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oAdcrgnci ot stseaetim omrf lNtaoian tHo Dgo & Ssgaaeu ocnlCui, Aacemsrni mcsueno sa mnay sa 20 loibnil tho sdog rpe arye. aTth mubern rftacso ni lteria asesl (9 ilinolb), sa elwl sa oht gsdo tneea ta ontipgrs entesv, alocl csipcin dan alcnravis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many scientists believe that dogs evolved from wolves about 20,000 years ago. Although dogs and wolves are very similar (they share about 99% of their DNA), there are also many physical differences.", "scrambled": "oAdcrgnci ot stseaetim omrf lNtaoian tHo Dgo & Ssgaaeu ocnlCui, Aacemsrni mcsueno sa mnay sa 20 loibnil tho sdog rpe arye. aTth mubern rftacso ni lteria asesl (9 ilinolb), sa elwl sa oht gsdo tneea ta ontipgrs entesv, alocl csipcin dan alcnravis.", "original": "According to estimates from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That number factors in retail sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local picnics and carnivals.", "recovered": "Many scientists believe that dogs evolved from wolves about 20,000 years ago. Although dogs and wolves are very similar (they share about 99% of their DNA), there are also many physical differences."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acdnicrgo ot xsperet, na arneesic ni het eburmn fo icbhr esert geinb pdlenat, upsl eth rdiwe liatlviaabyi fo dosof mofr unardo het odlwr, sha udeefll ohtsliap issoasnmdi orf ilalseger nda yxipahaalsn, hwhci ehav adriecesn mfor 12,361 ni 2002-03 ot 25,721 ni eth ptas raye. idFn uto oerm itwh eTh Weke pneprdaUw padscto.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to expert, basketball is the second most popular sport game in the entire world after soccer. The total number of people who watched the basketball game in the year 2002-03 was 25,721,000 which is 12,361 more than the previous year. ESPN is one of the most popular sports channel in the whole world.", "scrambled": "Acdnicrgo ot xsperet, na arneesic ni het eburmn fo icbhr esert geinb pdlenat, upsl eth rdiwe liatlviaabyi fo dosof mofr unardo het odlwr, sha udeefll ohtsliap issoasnmdi orf ilalseger nda yxipahaalsn, hwhci ehav adriecesn mfor 12,361 ni 2002-03 ot 25,721 ni eth ptas raye. idFn uto oerm itwh eTh Weke pneprdaUw padscto.", "original": "According to experts, an increase in the number of birch trees being planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled hospital admissions for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to expert, basketball is the second most popular sport game in the entire world after soccer. The total number of people who watched the basketball game in the year 2002-03 was 25,721,000 which is 12,361 more than the previous year. ESPN is one of the most popular sports channel in the whole world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acongridc ot enismvtten kbna BUS, na syansial fo SU hhalet uianrecsn imlsca dnfuo ttha pu ot $500 miolnil fo mcedlia scots wree \u201cteiyldrc blretubattia\u201d ot het tpsor, a rssco eenwebt entins, tabmdinno nda aletb ntneis thta si lcelasypie oppaulr htwi sserpeonni, orF mreo dod dan edpxuenetc nsew, nsig pu ot het lTal Tsale lewtteresn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Congratulations to the three budding entrepreneurs who won $500,000 in the Techstars Boston alumni startup competition with their product \u201cteiyldrc blretubattia\u201d which uses the power of the tongue to help people with limited upper body mobility, orF mreo dod dan edpxuenetc nsew, nsig pu ot het lTal Tsale lewtteresn.", "scrambled": "Acongridc ot enismvtten kbna BUS, na syansial fo SU hhalet uianrecsn imlsca dnfuo ttha pu ot $500 miolnil fo mcedlia scots wree \u201cteiyldrc blretubattia\u201d ot het tpsor, a rssco eenwebt entins, tabmdinno nda aletb ntneis thta si lcelasypie oppaulr htwi sserpeonni, orF mreo dod dan edpxuenetc nsew, nsig pu ot het lTal Tsale lewtteresn.", "original": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of US health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between tennis, badminton and table tennis that is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Congratulations to the three budding entrepreneurs who won $500,000 in the Techstars Boston alumni startup competition with their product \u201cteiyldrc blretubattia\u201d which uses the power of the tongue to help people with limited upper body mobility, orF mreo dod dan edpxuenetc nsew, nsig pu ot het lTal Tsale lewtteresn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ccdoinArg ot hte ayDil Sart, het \u201cmteoawsh fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si iblelavaa ni ictsie srosac het KU oerv teh eeedwnk vai eth ovieDleor pap. \u201ceLvo defri hnickce? vLeo hoccaoetl? hneT tup yrou sdhna oethretg,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro oveeDrlio.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to Arthur C. Clarke, \"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.\" This phrase is often used in science fiction to describe technology that is beyond the current understanding of the user. As an example, in Star Trek, the crew of the starship Enterprise often encounters alien species with technology far more advanced than anything known to humans, and this technology often appears magical to them.", "scrambled": "ccdoinArg ot hte ayDil Sart, het \u201cmteoawsh fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si iblelavaa ni ictsie srosac het KU oerv teh eeedwnk vai eth ovieDleor pap. \u201ceLvo defri hnickce? vLeo hoccaoetl? hneT tup yrou sdhna oethretg,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro oveeDrlio.", "original": "According to the Daily Star, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Aisha Jefferson from Deliveroo.", "recovered": "According to Arthur C. Clarke, \"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.\" This phrase is often used in science fiction to describe technology that is beyond the current understanding of the user. As an example, in Star Trek, the crew of the starship Enterprise often encounters alien species with technology far more advanced than anything known to humans, and this technology often appears magical to them."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dgAcicorn ot hte dWrol gioreocletlaMo inarOginzota, trehe si onw a rregeta leiiokhdol hatt teh entalp lliw psusrsa a 1.5C eneriacs ni aloblg mingraw yb 2027. fI htsi shelodtrh si cottsneslyni cexedeed, ti ouldw siifnyg a hehiedetng kisr fo erangchi tiralcci mateilc \u201ctignppi isptno\u201d. sPagsni htees ippignt otspin wdlou edla ot a ssle ohstpbelia palnte nda na laeaectnciro fo laeimct gnheac.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " By 2027, global warming is expected to reach 1.5C, which will trigger significant changes in the planet\u2019s climate. If these changes are exceeded, we could see the disappearance of the arctic ice in summer.", "scrambled": "dgAcicorn ot hte dWrol gioreocletlaMo inarOginzota, trehe si onw a rregeta leiiokhdol hatt teh entalp lliw psusrsa a 1.5C eneriacs ni aloblg mingraw yb 2027. fI htsi shelodtrh si cottsneslyni cexedeed, ti ouldw siifnyg a hehiedetng kisr fo erangchi tiralcci mateilc \u201ctignppi isptno\u201d. sPagsni htees ippignt otspin wdlou edla ot a ssle ohstpbelia palnte nda na laeaectnciro fo laeimct gnheac.", "original": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of reaching critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet and an acceleration of climate change.", "recovered": "By 2027, global warming is expected to reach 1.5C, which will trigger significant changes in the planet\u2019s climate. If these changes are exceeded, we could see the disappearance of the arctic ice in summer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: niAcorcgd ot teh knith-tkna orpert, hte oallbg eflte fo iepvrat stej sha meor nath dudobel ni het astp tow ecsdade, ihtgnti 23,133 ni idm-2022, nda aslse rea aocseftr ot aherc a orerdc ighh fo $34.6nb (\u00a327.6nb) hist raye. dnFi uto remo htwi Teh keWe Uwdaprnep dtapsoc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " NFTs were the buzzword of the night at the Met Gala, with many celebrities opting to accessorize their outfits with digital collectibles. The annual red carpet event, held in New York City, is a fundraiser for the Metropolitan Museum of Art\u2019s Costume Institute and is considered the fashion world\u2019s biggest night. This year\u2019s theme was \u201cInspiring Women,\u201d and celebrities took the opportunity to honor influential women in their lives by wearing custom designs and carrying digital versions of their artwork as NFTs. The NFTs were auctioned off later in the evening, with the highest bid reaching $34,600.", "scrambled": "niAcorcgd ot teh knith-tkna orpert, hte oallbg eflte fo iepvrat stej sha meor nath dudobel ni het astp tow ecsdade, ihtgnti 23,133 ni idm-2022, nda aslse rea aocseftr ot aherc a orerdc ighh fo $34.6nb (\u00a327.6nb) hist raye. dnFi uto remo htwi Teh keWe Uwdaprnep dtapsoc.", "original": "According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of private jets has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "NFTs were the buzzword of the night at the Met Gala, with many celebrities opting to accessorize their outfits with digital collectibles. The annual red carpet event, held in New York City, is a fundraiser for the Metropolitan Museum of Art\u2019s Costume Institute and is considered the fashion world\u2019s biggest night. This year\u2019s theme was \u201cInspiring Women,\u201d and celebrities took the opportunity to honor influential women in their lives by wearing custom designs and carrying digital versions of their artwork as NFTs. The NFTs were auctioned off later in the evening, with the highest bid reaching $34,600."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iAnssrgded na ieauncde ta teh yHa ietlFvsa ni sleWa, Cplaeblm dsai: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd hteac uor disk ot eb dinttersee ni dan eenagdg ni pltiscio.\u201d eTh grtiastest dna urotajnsil added ahtt erhatr naht \u201calcl ti itlcpsio\u201d, chus sesslno ocdlu eb dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d ro \u201cibg iusses\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have created a synthetic life form by combining a virus with a bacterium, which could have important implications for medical research. The new life form, which is described in the journal Science, is a virus that has been genetically engineered to also contain bacterial DNA. The scientists say the new technique could be used to create synthetic organisms for studying diseases, or even for developing new drugs.", "scrambled": "iAnssrgded na ieauncde ta teh yHa ietlFvsa ni sleWa, Cplaeblm dsai: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd hteac uor disk ot eb dinttersee ni dan eenagdg ni pltiscio.\u201d eTh grtiastest dna urotajnsil added ahtt erhatr naht \u201calcl ti itlcpsio\u201d, chus sesslno ocdlu eb dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d ro \u201cibg iusses\u201d.", "original": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids to be interested in and engaged in politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall it politics\u201d, such lessons could be called \u201carguing\u201d, \u201cpolicy\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "recovered": "Scientists have created a synthetic life form by combining a virus with a bacterium, which could have important implications for medical research. The new life form, which is described in the journal Science, is a virus that has been genetically engineered to also contain bacterial DNA. The scientists say the new technique could be used to create synthetic organisms for studying diseases, or even for developing new drugs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ervsAdis fro eth FAD edvot unumsyainlo no adWdneeys ni rtopusp fo gmnaik a ihrbt-lonrtco llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi vroe-het-ruceton, aysnig hte teiefbsn goeuhtiw het rssik.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Very few people know that the famous Ford Edsel was actually named after the son of the Ford family, Edsel Ford.", "scrambled": "ervsAdis fro eth FAD edvot unumsyainlo no adWdneeys ni rtopusp fo gmnaik a ihrbt-lonrtco llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi vroe-het-ruceton, aysnig hte teiefbsn goeuhtiw het rssik.", "original": "Advisers for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks.", "recovered": "Very few people know that the famous Ford Edsel was actually named after the son of the Ford family, Edsel Ford."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fAD ddtcaaeni rboteR emlssnnaSe mcdliae 52.8% fo eth tvoe ni nSyaud\u2019s cdittsir cnlciou nru-ffo noieetlc, ngiaebt het mncbinute ctiirdts oastiartdmrin, rfmo teh tecenr-hritg sihinCart rcmteaoD Pyrat (DCU). Teh ryovict ocmse sa tnaalnio llspo hwso a ugres ni oprtspu fro eth DAf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The DCU Pirate (DCU) system correctly identified 52.8% of the viruses in the test set, with no false positives, on average in one minute per file, using the technology from Cartesian.", "scrambled": "fAD ddtcaaeni rboteR emlssnnaSe mcdliae 52.8% fo eth tvoe ni nSyaud\u2019s cdittsir cnlciou nru-ffo noieetlc, ngiaebt het mncbinute ctiirdts oastiartdmrin, rfmo teh tecenr-hritg sihinCart rcmteaoD Pyrat (DCU). Teh ryovict ocmse sa tnaalnio llspo hwso a ugres ni oprtspu fro eth DAf.", "original": "AfD candidate Robert Sesselmann claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent district administrator, from the centre-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a surge in support for the AfD.", "recovered": "The DCU Pirate (DCU) system correctly identified 52.8% of the viruses in the test set, with no false positives, on average in one minute per file, using the technology from Cartesian."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fretA a 60-ayer siitfeiccn tesuq, teh oldrw sha tsi sitrf ecaivcn ot rcoptet iansgta ysotrraprie ytislcnay vrisu, ro SVR.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fast-paced technological development has led to the emergence of new security threats, such as ransomware, which SVR has been tracking closely.", "scrambled": "fretA a 60-ayer siitfeiccn tesuq, teh oldrw sha tsi sitrf ecaivcn ot rcoptet iansgta ysotrraprie ytislcnay vrisu, ro SVR.", "original": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "recovered": "Fast-paced technological development has led to the emergence of new security threats, such as ransomware, which SVR has been tracking closely."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: degA 81, twSarte si eth tlosde npseor ot recag teh vreoc fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm idoteni. eSh okto teh nwroc fo eosltd recvo deoml mofr Eonl sMku\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Myea kuMs, how oesdp ta het eag fo 74 ni 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s wonderful to see the stars on a clear night. The Milky Way is the galaxy that our solar system is a part of. My eyes adjust and I can make out the Big Dipper. I wonder for which year do I need to look up the date for November 7th.", "scrambled": "degA 81, twSarte si eth tlosde npseor ot recag teh vreoc fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm idoteni. eSh okto teh nwroc fo eosltd recvo deoml mofr Eonl sMku\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Myea kuMs, how oesdp ta het eag fo 74 ni 2022.", "original": "Aged 81, Stewart is the oldest person to grace the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Elon Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who posed at the age of 74 in 2022.", "recovered": "It\u2019s wonderful to see the stars on a clear night. The Milky Way is the galaxy that our solar system is a part of. My eyes adjust and I can make out the Big Dipper. I wonder for which year do I need to look up the date for November 7th."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tmAlos a helow dpo fo iplto elshwa eidd fetra 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh no het rOeut eHeibarnd nlidas. otiPl swalhe rae \u201cirosoontu rof irthe rngost coials nobds\u201d, disa ithirBs vsDire eMrina Leif ecRseu. ehT iaryhct biesevle hte dpo mhtig hvea oldolfwe neo fo het sewhla aerohs taerf ti dha cdyiflufit vigngi tbhir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Alos a helow dpo for iplto elshwa eidd fetra 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh no het rOeut eHeibarnd nlidas. otiPl swalhe rae \u201cirosoontu rof irthe rngost coials nobds\u201d, disa ithirBs vsDire eMrina Leif ecRseu. ehT iaryhct biesevle hte dpo mhtig hvea oldolfwe neo fo het sewhla aerohs taerf ti dha cdyiflufit vigngi tbhir.", "scrambled": "tmAlos a helow dpo fo iplto elshwa eidd fetra 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh no het rOeut eHeibarnd nlidas. otiPl swalhe rae \u201cirosoontu rof irthe rngost coials nobds\u201d, disa ithirBs vsDire eMrina Leif ecRseu. ehT iaryhct biesevle hte dpo mhtig hvea oldolfwe neo fo het sewhla aerohs taerf ti dha cdyiflufit vigngi tbhir.", "original": "Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Outer Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have followed one of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.", "recovered": "Alos a helow dpo for iplto elshwa eidd fetra 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh no het rOeut eHeibarnd nlidas. otiPl swalhe rae \u201cirosoontu rof irthe rngost coials nobds\u201d, disa ithirBs vsDire eMrina Leif ecRseu. ehT iaryhct biesevle hte dpo mhtig hvea oldolfwe neo fo het sewhla aerohs taerf ti dha cdyiflufit vigngi tbhir."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aonmAz garede ot ayp a fthye usm ot ltsete acrpiyv isnctmpola revo sti ealxA ecvio stasitsna adn ngiR rldoeblo earsacm. ehT mseettetlsn hwit eth raedFel radeT onimmoCiss hlhgtghii asclim ttah eht ycapnmo etaidrne giRn oisdev nda Aexal evoci sgocrridne rfo ryaes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many ancient cultures believed in the existence of a large sea monster that could capsize ships and devour humans. The kraken is a legendary giant squid from Norwegian folklore that can measure up to 700 feet in length.", "scrambled": "aonmAz garede ot ayp a fthye usm ot ltsete acrpiyv isnctmpola revo sti ealxA ecvio stasitsna adn ngiR rldoeblo earsacm. ehT mseettetlsn hwit eth raedFel radeT onimmoCiss hlhgtghii asclim ttah eht ycapnmo etaidrne giRn oisdev nda Aexal evoci sgocrridne rfo ryaes.", "original": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission highlight claims that the company retained Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years.", "recovered": "Many ancient cultures believed in the existence of a large sea monster that could capsize ships and devour humans. The kraken is a legendary giant squid from Norwegian folklore that can measure up to 700 feet in length."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aAnzom\u2019s itrluav ccinli si wno fnoregif hteheatell mosepnttpnai ni lla 50 sttsea dan ihtnsnaWgo, CD, eth mayoncp nondueanc no ysueaTd. onmaAz ivosueylrp cluehnad tis won atilgdi ertdorusg, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Anzom\u2019s Itruav ccinli si wno fnoregif hteheatell mosepnttpnai ni lla 50 sttsea dan ihtnsnaWgo, CD, eth mayoncp nondueanc no ysueaTd. onmaAz ivosueylrp cluehnad tis won atilgdi ertdorusg, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020.", "scrambled": "aAnzom\u2019s itrluav ccinli si wno fnoregif hteheatell mosepnttpnai ni lla 50 sttsea dan ihtnsnaWgo, CD, eth mayoncp nondueanc no ysueaTd. onmaAz ivosueylrp cluehnad tis won atilgdi ertdorusg, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020.", "original": "Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced on Tuesday. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, Amazon Pharmacy, in 2020.", "recovered": "Anzom\u2019s Itruav ccinli si wno fnoregif hteheatell mosepnttpnai ni lla 50 sttsea dan ihtnsnaWgo, CD, eth mayoncp nondueanc no ysueaTd. onmaAz ivosueylrp cluehnad tis won atilgdi ertdorusg, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nA ynasilsa fo atad no 10,528 satnietp dmdaeitt ot lithaosp ni dalIner ihtw a esosiru rteah tkacta reov a fevi-arye iperdo udfno ttha etras eewr 13% eihghr no yMosadn. sPleobis orasnse gtgusdsee idnucel rossupdntii ot elsep ylecsc rove hte keenewd thta aym geirrgt eighhr lvlees fo tlniofmamina dan essrts oeomshnr ewnh lopepe rtunre ot tiehr aulus kdeyawe isirgn eismt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a study of 10,528 students at 64 different high schools, texting while driving increased the likelihood of an accident by 23% even when a parent used the \u201cI\u2019m the boss\u201d approach. Please remember that this study only looked at high school students, and that other studies have found that texting while driving is dangerous for all ages.", "scrambled": "nA ynasilsa fo atad no 10,528 satnietp dmdaeitt ot lithaosp ni dalIner ihtw a esosiru rteah tkacta reov a fevi-arye iperdo udfno ttha etras eewr 13% eihghr no yMosadn. sPleobis orasnse gtgusdsee idnucel rossupdntii ot elsep ylecsc rove hte keenewd thta aym geirrgt eighhr lvlees fo tlniofmamina dan essrts oeomshnr ewnh lopepe rtunre ot tiehr aulus kdeyawe isirgn eismt.", "original": "An analysis of data on 10,528 patients admitted to hospital in Ireland with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual weekday rising times.", "recovered": "According to a study of 10,528 students at 64 different high schools, texting while driving increased the likelihood of an accident by 23% even when a parent used the \u201cI\u2019m the boss\u201d approach. Please remember that this study only looked at high school students, and that other studies have found that texting while driving is dangerous for all ages."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: naA rgnb\u00f3Oe ash ebne eht socfu fo lbcuip deabet nisec hainvg a ybba irgl iav rarusygoc (iwchh si lgeilal ni Snpai) ni eth SU, gsiun eht ermsp fo hre nos lieAsso, woh ddie fo arencc ni 2020 ta het eag fo 27. eTh 68-ayre-ldo VT epenerrts dtol aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cingyd hswi\u201d swa ot vhea a lchdi, os eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym gauehrtd, utb ym naerhtggrudda\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people around the world celebrate New Year\u2019s Day on January 1. In the Southern Hemisphere, it\u2019s the summer season; in the Northern Hemisphere, it\u2019s the winter season. People often make New Year\u2019s resolutions to improve themselves in the coming year. Some common resolutions include eating healthier, exercising more, and quitting smoking.", "scrambled": "naA rgnb\u00f3Oe ash ebne eht socfu fo lbcuip deabet nisec hainvg a ybba irgl iav rarusygoc (iwchh si lgeilal ni Snpai) ni eth SU, gsiun eht ermsp fo hre nos lieAsso, woh ddie fo arencc ni 2020 ta het eag fo 27. eTh 68-ayre-ldo VT epenerrts dtol aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cingyd hswi\u201d swa ot vhea a lchdi, os eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym gauehrtd, utb ym naerhtggrudda\u201d.", "original": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus of public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) in the US, using the sperm of her son Alessio, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my granddaughter\u201d.", "recovered": "Many people around the world celebrate New Year\u2019s Day on January 1. In the Southern Hemisphere, it\u2019s the summer season; in the Northern Hemisphere, it\u2019s the winter season. People often make New Year\u2019s resolutions to improve themselves in the coming year. Some common resolutions include eating healthier, exercising more, and quitting smoking."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nnoAniungc hte pnnoptietma, oayrM icEr maAsd asdi omrefr amyernelte lohosc ehearct aCridro \u201csah hte gdewlnkoe, evidr, perexnciee dan eeryng ot sned astr pcnkagi nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci rfo lal wNe oreYksr\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the popular theory, carbon molecules in the atmosphere act as a mirror, reflecting sunlight back into space. However, certain phenomena cannot be explained by this theory, such as perseverance of energy and sending energy to the ground from the sky at night. It is clear that another energy source exists, which we call electricity.", "scrambled": "nnoAniungc hte pnnoptietma, oayrM icEr maAsd asdi omrefr amyernelte lohosc ehearct aCridro \u201csah hte gdewlnkoe, evidr, perexnciee dan eeryng ot sned astr pcnkagi nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci rfo lal wNe oreYksr\u201d.", "original": "Announcing the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas the knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send rats packing and create a cleaner, more welcoming city for all New Yorkers\u201d.", "recovered": "According to the popular theory, carbon molecules in the atmosphere act as a mirror, reflecting sunlight back into space. However, certain phenomena cannot be explained by this theory, such as perseverance of energy and sending energy to the ground from the sky at night. It is clear that another energy source exists, which we call electricity."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pelAp dcdrnoiteu a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d sthdaee dlelca eAppl soiiVn rPo, a tyneoohgcl ttha eraylsov tviurla segaim no ievl voide fo teh earl wrldo. Teh paocynm adis ti lwil eb vaaleilab yearl xten yera ni eth SU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Planet Earth and its human population face a growing array of complex challenges as the 21st century unfolds. These challenges include climate change, energy and resource management, international conflict and terrorism, and the development of more effective and equitable global institutions. The pace of change in today\u2019s world is very swift, and the complexity of the problems we face is great. Yet, as the past century has shown, the world\u2019s nations can work together in tackling common challenges for the common good.", "scrambled": "pelAp dcdrnoiteu a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d sthdaee dlelca eAppl soiiVn rPo, a tyneoohgcl ttha eraylsov tviurla segaim no ievl voide fo teh earl wrldo. Teh paocynm adis ti lwil eb vaaleilab yearl xten yera ni eth SU.", "original": "Apple introduced a \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US.", "recovered": "Planet Earth and its human population face a growing array of complex challenges as the 21st century unfolds. These challenges include climate change, energy and resource management, international conflict and terrorism, and the development of more effective and equitable global institutions. The pace of change in today\u2019s world is very swift, and the complexity of the problems we face is great. Yet, as the past century has shown, the world\u2019s nations can work together in tackling common challenges for the common good."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: irpApxoleatym 10% fo eth oldrw\u2019s ounpapotil \u2013 ro na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 klca sascec ot ancel wtare, adocignrc ot eth dloWr lhetHa gnazotiiaOrn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Spotlighting 10% of the old row\u2019s population \u2013 ro na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 klicksasc ecot are an excellent way to anchor the wall, adocignrc ot eth dloWr lhetHa gnazotiiaOrn.", "scrambled": "irpApxoleatym 10% fo eth oldrw\u2019s ounpapotil \u2013 ro na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 klca sascec ot ancel wtare, adocignrc ot eth dloWr lhetHa gnazotiiaOrn.", "original": "Approximately 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization.", "recovered": "Spotlighting 10% of the old row\u2019s population \u2013 ro na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 klicksasc ecot are an excellent way to anchor the wall, adocignrc ot eth dloWr lhetHa gnazotiiaOrn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aodurn 1,500 tesim nlgnigebo ot teh rfroem eQune trnfmnao \u2013 ngilnuidc hsi fyTfani & oC chtaosmue bmco dna a ilks aciwttsao dcoardete iwht stca \u2013 iwll eb sedpalyid ta Stobhye\u2019s odnLon ormf 4 tsugAu tulni 5 betreemSp, dna lwil enth og nerdu hte rmmeha.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new study by Queen\u2019s University researchers, listening to loud music through headphones for more than an hour a day could result in permanent hearing loss. The study, which was published in the journal Occupational and Environmental Medicine, found that listening to music at a volume higher than 85 decibels can cause damage to the inner ear. While previous studies have shown a link between hearing loss and listening to loud music, this is the first study to show a causal link. The researchers suggest that people who listen to music at a loud volume for more than an hour a day should consider using quieter headphones or turning the volume down.", "scrambled": "Aodurn 1,500 tesim nlgnigebo ot teh rfroem eQune trnfmnao \u2013 ngilnuidc hsi fyTfani & oC chtaosmue bmco dna a ilks aciwttsao dcoardete iwht stca \u2013 iwll eb sedpalyid ta Stobhye\u2019s odnLon ormf 4 tsugAu tulni 5 betreemSp, dna lwil enth og nerdu hte rmmeha.", "original": "Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co moustache comb and a silk waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Sotheby\u2019s London from 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer.", "recovered": "According to a new study by Queen\u2019s University researchers, listening to loud music through headphones for more than an hour a day could result in permanent hearing loss. The study, which was published in the journal Occupational and Environmental Medicine, found that listening to music at a volume higher than 85 decibels can cause damage to the inner ear. While previous studies have shown a link between hearing loss and listening to loud music, this is the first study to show a causal link. The researchers suggest that people who listen to music at a loud volume for more than an hour a day should consider using quieter headphones or turning the volume down."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iAnirrgv no eth ehels fo pgsirn, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf patycilyl leovvin pcsicni, wthi dre sofdo nad rnksdi kile wretrasrby odas tandmonigi osthe dseprsa. ehT lrcoo erd si dveeblei ot pernertse eth ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf nsoarcste.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " An iron gate no matter how strong it may be, will eventually rust and decay with time. This is especially true if the iron gate is exposed to salty air or near the sea where sand and moisture will accelerate the process of corrosion. The lesson here is that no matter how well built or strong something may be, time will take its toll. This is also true for people.", "scrambled": "iAnirrgv no eth ehels fo pgsirn, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf patycilyl leovvin pcsicni, wthi dre sofdo nad rnksdi kile wretrasrby odas tandmonigi osthe dseprsa. ehT lrcoo erd si dveeblei ot pernertse eth ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf nsoarcste.", "original": "Arriving on the heels of spring, Juneteenth festivities typically involve picnics, with red foods and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red is believed to represent the blood shed by enslaved African ancestors.", "recovered": "An iron gate no matter how strong it may be, will eventually rust and decay with time. This is especially true if the iron gate is exposed to salty air or near the sea where sand and moisture will accelerate the process of corrosion. The lesson here is that no matter how well built or strong something may be, time will take its toll. This is also true for people."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sA hes deobw uto fo ewN aZdelna\u2019s ilemratnap, dnrrAe eagv a ogsnuri ceshep ailcgnl rfo itocilsp ot eb penoed pu ot aptaicyl eseladr. hSe iads: \u201cYuo acn eb ianxuso, tveieissn, kndi nda raew oyru ahtre no ruyo seelev. uoY acn eb a etomrh, ro tno, na xe-nmoMro, ro tno, a endr, a reirc, a heugrg \u2013 uyo acn eb lla fo htees gtnhis, dan otn noyl nca oyu eb eher \u2013 oyu anc aedl.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc rhe oskhc eitnisaorng ni nayuJra, aynsgi hes adh \u201con oemr etlf ni eth nkat\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As Delna'silemratnap, DnrrAe and Agv, two elves, were walking through the forest, they came across a unicorn. The unicorn spoke to them, \"You can be my friends, if you promise never to hunt me or any of my kind. You can be my friend, if you promise never to harm me, or any of my kind, with word or deed.\" Delna'silemratnap nodded and answered, \"I promise, on my honor.\"", "scrambled": "sA hes deobw uto fo ewN aZdelna\u2019s ilemratnap, dnrrAe eagv a ogsnuri ceshep ailcgnl rfo itocilsp ot eb penoed pu ot aptaicyl eseladr. hSe iads: \u201cYuo acn eb ianxuso, tveieissn, kndi nda raew oyru ahtre no ruyo seelev. uoY acn eb a etomrh, ro tno, na xe-nmoMro, ro tno, a endr, a reirc, a heugrg \u2013 uyo acn eb lla fo htees gtnhis, dan otn noyl nca oyu eb eher \u2013 oyu anc aedl.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc rhe oskhc eitnisaorng ni nayuJra, aynsgi hes adh \u201con oemr etlf ni eth nkat\u201d.", "original": "As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be anxious, sensitive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a crier, a hugger \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Ardern announced her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201cno more left in the tank\u201d.", "recovered": "As Delna'silemratnap, DnrrAe and Agv, two elves, were walking through the forest, they came across a unicorn. The unicorn spoke to them, \"You can be my friends, if you promise never to hunt me or any of my kind. You can be my friend, if you promise never to harm me, or any of my kind, with word or deed.\" Delna'silemratnap nodded and answered, \"I promise, on my honor.\""}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sA het ateenmesrg tbeenew hte KU dna iArtausla, sa ewll sa het KU nad wNe Zalnade, okot feetfc isht kewe, iuvsroa tiems wree xehdecagn sa odlloiwg erguesst. aBnoe ccimos, ensdgi yb het ciomc\u2019s oiertd, aongl hwit rPnyeend gnlies taml lsehW hywksi, rgtBhino nGi, asgb rmfo eth aimCerbgd chteSla oC, nad ereFv-Teer xeisrm erew tnse ot othb aoitsnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Since the beginning of the KU Art Space, as well as the KU Nano Art Museum, people have been able to experience art and science in a new way, through the eyes of nano technology. The KU Nano Art Museum, which opened its doors in 2017, is the world\u2019s first museum to exhibit art created at the nanoscale, and is also the first museum in the world to use augmented reality technology to allow visitors to view art at the nanoscale. The museum\u2019s permanent collection includes works by world-renowned artists such as Pablo Picasso, Salvador Dali, and Damien Hirst, as well as pieces by Korean artists.", "scrambled": "sA het ateenmesrg tbeenew hte KU dna iArtausla, sa ewll sa het KU nad wNe Zalnade, okot feetfc isht kewe, iuvsroa tiems wree xehdecagn sa odlloiwg erguesst. aBnoe ccimos, ensdgi yb het ciomc\u2019s oiertd, aongl hwit rPnyeend gnlies taml lsehW hywksi, rgtBhino nGi, asgb rmfo eth aimCerbgd chteSla oC, nad ereFv-Teer xeisrm erew tnse ot othb aoitsnn.", "original": "As the agreements between the UK and Australia, as well as the UK and New Zealand, took effect this week, various items were exchanged as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single malt Welsh whisky, Brighton Gin, bags from the Cambridge Satchel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations.", "recovered": "Since the beginning of the KU Art Space, as well as the KU Nano Art Museum, people have been able to experience art and science in a new way, through the eyes of nano technology. The KU Nano Art Museum, which opened its doors in 2017, is the world\u2019s first museum to exhibit art created at the nanoscale, and is also the first museum in the world to use augmented reality technology to allow visitors to view art at the nanoscale. The museum\u2019s permanent collection includes works by world-renowned artists such as Pablo Picasso, Salvador Dali, and Damien Hirst, as well as pieces by Korean artists."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA 80 erysa odl, dBine si het edstlo espnretdi ni meinaArc rsioyht, nda fi ereectdel, eh ldowu eb 86 henw niengd ish odcsen emtr. neWh esrespd no shi gae rindug a eswn ceofcrenen shti kewe, iedBn iads eh \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta ti\u201d oberef gddneici ot nru adn \u201cflese odgo.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Bine family first appears in the historical record in the year 80 A.D., when they are mentioned in a document from the city of dBine, in what is now Romania. Over the centuries, the Bines have held a variety of professions, including scholar, priest, doctor, lawyer, and soldier. It was the Bine family\u2019s tradition of scholarship that led one of their members, in the year 1886, to translate into Romanian the famous work \u201cThe Tale of Sinuhe,\u201d which had previously only been available in Latin. This translation was later revised and edited by another member of the Bine family, who also provided a new introduction and notes. The Bine family has long been known for their love of learning, and this tradition of scholarship and translation has continued down to the present day.", "scrambled": "tA 80 erysa odl, dBine si het edstlo espnretdi ni meinaArc rsioyht, nda fi ereectdel, eh ldowu eb 86 henw niengd ish odcsen emtr. neWh esrespd no shi gae rindug a eswn ceofcrenen shti kewe, iedBn iads eh \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta ti\u201d oberef gddneici ot nru adn \u201cflese odgo.\u201d.", "original": "At 80 years old, Biden is the oldest president in American history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "recovered": "The Bine family first appears in the historical record in the year 80 A.D., when they are mentioned in a document from the city of dBine, in what is now Romania. Over the centuries, the Bines have held a variety of professions, including scholar, priest, doctor, lawyer, and soldier. It was the Bine family\u2019s tradition of scholarship that led one of their members, in the year 1886, to translate into Romanian the famous work \u201cThe Tale of Sinuhe,\u201d which had previously only been available in Latin. This translation was later revised and edited by another member of the Bine family, who also provided a new introduction and notes. The Bine family has long been known for their love of learning, and this tradition of scholarship and translation has continued down to the present day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA atles 13 oplpee ni a odezn stesat erew tenicdef yb a llmenaslao euaobtrk inkdel ot dlGo aleMd lfruo, hte DCC asdi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At the end of the year, the DCC asdi.", "scrambled": "tA atles 13 oplpee ni a odezn stesat erew tenicdef yb a llmenaslao euaobtrk inkdel ot dlGo aleMd lfruo, hte DCC asdi.", "original": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "recovered": "At the end of the year, the DCC asdi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA ealts ixs poleep ewer idllke dnMoay hewn a sdtu rmost ni noiIllsi dylsuedn emad ti enaylr ipsoslembi ot see no eht hostr tchsrte fo giahyhw, liaocisff adsi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It is a well known fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout.", "scrambled": "tA ealts ixs poleep ewer idllke dnMoay hewn a sdtu rmost ni noiIllsi dylsuedn emad ti enaylr ipsoslembi ot see no eht hostr tchsrte fo giahyhw, liaocisff adsi.", "original": "At least six people were killed Monday when a dust storm in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.", "recovered": "It is a well known fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uistrAala naeigd ervgnee orf itrhe isnagnigo otw-urn shesA tdeaef ta het mBghnrmiai rugdon ni 2005 no aduTeys, newh erith atfs-oebrwl cnaptai Pta msCumni del sih deis ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw na nteebuna 44.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The asteroid Itokawa was visited by the spacecraft Hayabusa in 2005, and these images were taken by one of its onboard cameras.", "scrambled": "uistrAala naeigd ervgnee orf itrhe isnagnigo otw-urn shesA tdeaef ta het mBghnrmiai rugdon ni 2005 no aduTeys, newh erith atfs-oebrwl cnaptai Pta msCumni del sih deis ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw na nteebuna 44.", "original": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising two-run Ashes defeat at the Birmingham ground in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-bowler captain Pat Cummins led his side to improbable victory with an unbeaten 44.", "recovered": "The asteroid Itokawa was visited by the spacecraft Hayabusa in 2005, and these images were taken by one of its onboard cameras."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: alrAsntaui mfir oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw team mofr eht lsecl fo lamasin dilcungin lcaasap, fflbuao dan anokarsgo, adn sude ADN orfm eht xtintce ceI egA pescesi ot swho who raf hte irnadbeous fo uutlcerd tmea amy eb sedpuh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scrapbooking is a popular hobby. Supplies for this craft can be expensive, so it\u2019s a good idea to look for sales and discounts. Some stores offer a frequent buyer discount, and others send out coupons in their email newsletters.", "scrambled": "alrAsntaui mfir oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw team mofr eht lsecl fo lamasin dilcungin lcaasap, fflbuao dan anokarsgo, adn sude ADN orfm eht xtintce ceI egA pescesi ot swho who raf hte irnadbeous fo uutlcerd tmea amy eb sedpuh.", "original": "Australian firm Vow has previously created lab-grown meat from the cells of animals including alpacas, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of cultured meat may be pushed.", "recovered": "Scrapbooking is a popular hobby. Supplies for this craft can be expensive, so it\u2019s a good idea to look for sales and discounts. Some stores offer a frequent buyer discount, and others send out coupons in their email newsletters."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ykBan\u2019s stifr fliofcai olos ibheiontxi ni 14 sryae wlil tfeeuar lnsseitc deus ot arcete myna fo hte agtffiir aitrts\u2019s stom cniioc okwrs fmro sorcas sih rceear.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Brendan\u2019s strong finish carried the team to victory.", "scrambled": "ykBan\u2019s stifr fliofcai olos ibheiontxi ni 14 sryae wlil tfeeuar lnsseitc deus ot arcete myna fo hte agtffiir aitrts\u2019s stom cniioc okwrs fmro sorcas sih rceear.", "original": "Banky\u2019s first official solo exhibition in 14 years will feature stencils used to create many of the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his career.", "recovered": "Brendan\u2019s strong finish carried the team to victory."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sesatBt asw eddeiscrno teh rftno nuernr rfo hte ggno, rof hre eolr ni caBlk aPterhn: adnaWak vrFereo, tub otsl otu ot thyEegrnvi Erweehreyv lAl ta cnOe asrt uiCrts, ni eon fo eth gbstige sesput fo eht gtinh ta Sdyaun\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a recent survey by the National Sleep Foundation, Americans spend an average of $1,089 on their pets each year.", "scrambled": "sesatBt asw eddeiscrno teh rftno nuernr rfo hte ggno, rof hre eolr ni caBlk aPterhn: adnaWak vrFereo, tub otsl otu ot thyEegrnvi Erweehreyv lAl ta cnOe asrt uiCrts, ni eon fo eth gbstige sesput fo eht gtinh ta Sdyaun\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem.", "original": "Bassett was considered the front runner for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost out to Everything Everywhere All at Once star Curtis, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards ceremony.", "recovered": "According to a recent survey by the National Sleep Foundation, Americans spend an average of $1,089 on their pets each year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lBugmei\u2019s elrceB leadimc a 18-15 vyctroi roev orfu-miest inwern ebylS ni eht drWol nekooSr paihonmisChp alifn ta efldefhSi\u2019s bculrCie no yMadon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Madonna\u2019s music video, \u201cLike a Virgin\u201d, won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography, and Madonna became the first artist to win a MTV Video Music Award for a video that she did not direct.", "scrambled": "lBugmei\u2019s elrceB leadimc a 18-15 vyctroi roev orfu-miest inwern ebylS ni eht drWol nekooSr paihonmisChp alifn ta efldefhSi\u2019s bculrCie no yMadon.", "original": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in the World Snooker Championship final at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible on Monday.", "recovered": "Madonna\u2019s music video, \u201cLike a Virgin\u201d, won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography, and Madonna became the first artist to win a MTV Video Music Award for a video that she did not direct."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eenBwte 14 adn 20 ecinhs ewer upemdd no Stouh ilraFdo vroe a 24-huor dpoier. ehT poruonwd elcods loscosh nda Frto eLldeuarad\u2019s trparoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " During the first 14 days after a cat is born, its eyes are sealed shut.", "scrambled": "eenBwte 14 adn 20 ecinhs ewer upemdd no Stouh ilraFdo vroe a 24-huor dpoier. ehT poruonwd elcods loscosh nda Frto eLldeuarad\u2019s trparoi.", "original": "Between 14 and 20 inches were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour closed schools and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "recovered": "During the first 14 days after a cat is born, its eyes are sealed shut."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: indBe ohstde dnnaIi eimrP Mneitirs aanrNred oidM ta het iWteh sHoue no ryusdaTh ofr a livhas, tdente astte drenin hatt dueetfra a atnlp-deasb enum ofr teh setug fo ohnor, owh si a itgveanrea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sending a man to the moon was one of the greatest achievements of the 20th century.", "scrambled": "indBe ohstde dnnaIi eimrP Mneitirs aanrNred oidM ta het iWteh sHoue no ryusdaTh ofr a livhas, tdente astte drenin hatt dueetfra a atnlp-deasb enum ofr teh setug fo ohnor, owh si a itgveanrea.", "original": "Biden hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner that featured a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian.", "recovered": "Sending a man to the moon was one of the greatest achievements of the 20th century."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nkilnBe edraltve ot hniaC orf msngeeit tihw otp aifcolsif, gnlcdnuii Pnteiders iX gJpinni. nkeiBnl si het trifs SU rraeyctes fo tsate ot tviis gineijB ni evfi yaser, nad ihs atkls ewer esen sa a eky mlusit test ofr etrehhw eht tow esvnntgorme nca tspo elniartos romf igontcunin ot eeaotrrietd ta a imte fo grningeli ttsuisrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In this paper, we present PinIdea, a pin-based input device that enables users to interact with multiple computing devices simultaneously. PinIdea consists of a pin array and a pin controller. The pin array is a 2D matrix of pins that can be pushed in and out of their sockets. The pin controller is a circuit board that contains a microcontroller and sensors for detecting the state of the pins. PinIdea can be used as a simple mouse replacement, or it can be used in more complex ways to enable multi-device interaction. We describe the design of PinIdea, and we evaluate its accuracy and precision in a series of experiments. We also discuss potential applications and future work.", "scrambled": "nkilnBe edraltve ot hniaC orf msngeeit tihw otp aifcolsif, gnlcdnuii Pnteiders iX gJpinni. nkeiBnl si het trifs SU rraeyctes fo tsate ot tviis gineijB ni evfi yaser, nad ihs atkls ewer esen sa a eky mlusit test ofr etrehhw eht tow esvnntgorme nca tspo elniartos romf igontcunin ot eeaotrrietd ta a imte fo grningeli ttsuisrd.", "original": "Blinken traveled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two governments can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering distrust.", "recovered": "In this paper, we present PinIdea, a pin-based input device that enables users to interact with multiple computing devices simultaneously. PinIdea consists of a pin array and a pin controller. The pin array is a 2D matrix of pins that can be pushed in and out of their sockets. The pin controller is a circuit board that contains a microcontroller and sensors for detecting the state of the pins. PinIdea can be used as a simple mouse replacement, or it can be used in more complex ways to enable multi-device interaction. We describe the design of PinIdea, and we evaluate its accuracy and precision in a series of experiments. We also discuss potential applications and future work."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Btho inrceP aryHr adn lntoE Jonh wree ni rcotu hsti kwee sa a ghih-rolepfi ecas snagita teh lehiburps fo eht Diyal lMia egts dunerywa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Although in reality Harold adn John were not related, in the movie they were siblings. This was a plot device to add tension to the story of the rivalry between the two men.", "scrambled": "Btho inrceP aryHr adn lntoE Jonh wree ni rcotu hsti kwee sa a ghih-rolepfi ecas snagita teh lehiburps fo eht Diyal lMia egts dunerywa.", "original": "Both Prince Harry and Elton John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets underway.", "recovered": "Although in reality Harold adn John were not related, in the movie they were siblings. This was a plot device to add tension to the story of the rivalry between the two men."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: NCN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege iwll moeecb colvislJknea\u2019s istfr lfaeme yoarm. hsiT mskra ylon eth oscdne tmie ni 30 ysera atht a Dcmaerto ilwl wni teh eifcof ni aFolrid\u2019s omst ospluoup iyct.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " North Carolina state court judge Paul Ridgeway Moore Jr.\u2019s decision yesterday to allow the merger of the two largest health insurers in the state is a major setback for Folwell\u2019s attempt to block the deal.", "scrambled": "NCN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege iwll moeecb colvislJknea\u2019s istfr lfaeme yoarm. hsiT mskra ylon eth oscdne tmie ni 30 ysera atht a Dcmaerto ilwl wni teh eifcof ni aFolrid\u2019s omst ospluoup iyct.", "original": "CNN projects Democrat Donna Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.", "recovered": "North Carolina state court judge Paul Ridgeway Moore Jr.\u2019s decision yesterday to allow the merger of the two largest health insurers in the state is a major setback for Folwell\u2019s attempt to block the deal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: NCN cyeeltrn earonsdig a vlie eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws einosss afirntegu reofrm pdretesin Doaldn uTrmp. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a vprtiposeu ueicnade, rpmTu wtylisf aeusmds tlronoc fo teh eentv. eH tryneuleqf ndtuierrept hte tmaorrdoe, blilneagl ehr sa \u201caystn\u201d, hlewi nraeittrgie iamcsl fo a \u201cdggeri\u201d 2020 ioelnect. Dpsteei aicnfg ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof het astadbocr, NNC ECO hirsC Lctih pdesxeres hsi wnurievnag stouprp orf hte wton lhal ncetcpo. eH idas eh bdveelei yrsohti liwl vewi teh ownretk\u2019s isconide ot ivirnwtee pumTr, edrdnuousr yb cgeenrhi ptpsrueosr, uyolvrbaaf. tBu eh addde htat eh wdluo liek ot pioervm omes ptorncoudi ntemlsee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " So long as Donald Trump remains a candidate, the networks will continue to cover him. This is not news. We already knew this. But if you want to understand why the coverage is so relentless, and why it\u2019s so damaging to the country, consider this: The networks are afraid of him. They know that if he gets the nomination, they will have to cover the election.", "scrambled": "NCN cyeeltrn earonsdig a vlie eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws einosss afirntegu reofrm pdretesin Doaldn uTrmp. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a vprtiposeu ueicnade, rpmTu wtylisf aeusmds tlronoc fo teh eentv. eH tryneuleqf ndtuierrept hte tmaorrdoe, blilneagl ehr sa \u201caystn\u201d, hlewi nraeittrgie iamcsl fo a \u201cdggeri\u201d 2020 ioelnect. Dpsteei aicnfg ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof het astadbocr, NNC ECO hirsC Lctih pdesxeres hsi wnurievnag stouprp orf hte wton lhal ncetcpo. eH idas eh bdveelei yrsohti liwl vewi teh ownretk\u2019s isconide ot ivirnwtee pumTr, edrdnuousr yb cgeenrhi ptpsrueosr, uyolvrbaaf. tBu eh addde htat eh wdluo liek ot pioervm omes ptorncoudi ntemlsee.", "original": "CNN recently organised a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. In a setting fuelled by a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. He frequently interrupted the moderator, labelling her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims of a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht expressed his unwavering support for the town hall concept. He said he believed history will view the network\u2019s decision to interview Trump, surrounded by cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that he would like to improve some production elements.", "recovered": "So long as Donald Trump remains a candidate, the networks will continue to cover him. This is not news. We already knew this. But if you want to understand why the coverage is so relentless, and why it\u2019s so damaging to the country, consider this: The networks are afraid of him. They know that if he gets the nomination, they will have to cover the election."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nirialaofC sndterei ikNc elSborte saol ssue ihs cdorer-rkanibeg ogtuen, ichwh mseraeus 3.97ni (10.1mc), ot inatp ustrepci.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average adult human body temperature is around 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit or 37 degrees Celsius.", "scrambled": "nirialaofC sndterei ikNc elSborte saol ssue ihs cdorer-rkanibeg ogtuen, ichwh mseraeus 3.97ni (10.1mc), ot inatp ustrepci.", "original": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also uses his record-breaking tongue, which measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "recovered": "The average adult human body temperature is around 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit or 37 degrees Celsius."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: vanilC geCdoloi swa onrb ni moulyPht, ntormeV, no Jlyu 4, 1872.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Charles Darwin was born at Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England, on February 12, 1809.", "scrambled": "vanilC geCdoloi swa onrb ni moulyPht, ntormeV, no Jlyu 4, 1872.", "original": "Calvin Coolidge was born in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.", "recovered": "Charles Darwin was born at Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England, on February 12, 1809."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dnCnaiaa mPeir srMnitie tJiusn reaTuud cnnanuedo deWndaesy tath eh dna shi eiwf oihSpe iGrer\u00e9og duuareT aer sngriptaae. heT rsaeuuTd aehv tereh iernldch erttgeoh, lla urned eth ega fo 15.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first 15 chapters of the Old Testament are known as the \"Law of Moses\" or the \"Book of the Law.\" These chapters contain the Ten Commandments, the story of the Exodus from Egypt, and the establishment of the Israelite nation.", "scrambled": "dnCnaiaa mPeir srMnitie tJiusn reaTuud cnnanuedo deWndaesy tath eh dna shi eiwf oihSpe iGrer\u00e9og duuareT aer sngriptaae. heT rsaeuuTd aehv tereh iernldch erttgeoh, lla urned eth ega fo 15.", "original": "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. The Trudeaus have three children together, all under the age of 15.", "recovered": "The first 15 chapters of the Old Testament are known as the \"Law of Moses\" or the \"Book of the Law.\" These chapters contain the Ten Commandments, the story of the Exodus from Egypt, and the establishment of the Israelite nation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: anndaCai thhela ailisfofc ays eth enw liaugorten ot elbla yrvee taeirtgec hwti a innrwga aessgem si arpt fo het yutornc\u2019s alog ot rpdo ndwntoaeii cooctba eus ot sles htan 5% yb 2035.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " By 2035, global energy related CO2 emissions need to be reduced by 5% to 20%.", "scrambled": "anndaCai thhela ailisfofc ays eth enw liaugorten ot elbla yrvee taeirtgec hwti a innrwga aessgem si arpt fo het yutornc\u2019s alog ot rpdo ndwntoaeii cooctba eus ot sles htan 5% yb 2035.", "original": "Canadian health officials say the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message is part of the country\u2019s goal to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035.", "recovered": "By 2035, global energy related CO2 emissions need to be reduced by 5% to 20%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oClar cVcee, a srpfooesr ormf alNesp, veecsdiord usdmcnoet ni eht aircsvhe fo Frcnoele ihhcw owhs hatt ohtlysr freta teh asrtit\u2019s rthib, shi etfahr refde a savel ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei dageer ot eb het aenm fo aD icVni\u2019s trhmoe btu aoubt owmh ltelit lsee si nnkwo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Clear vision, a secret formula or magic, these are the things that make people immortal, at least in fiction. She thought that reading these books would teach her something, but instead only made her more confused.", "scrambled": "oClar cVcee, a srpfooesr ormf alNesp, veecsdiord usdmcnoet ni eht aircsvhe fo Frcnoele ihhcw owhs hatt ohtlysr freta teh asrtit\u2019s rthib, shi etfahr refde a savel ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei dageer ot eb het aenm fo aD icVni\u2019s trhmoe btu aoubt owmh ltelit lsee si nnkwo.", "original": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show that shortly after the artist\u2019s birth, his father freed a slave called Caterina \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known.", "recovered": "Clear vision, a secret formula or magic, these are the things that make people immortal, at least in fiction. She thought that reading these books would teach her something, but instead only made her more confused."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s ifstr-eevr aetrsanutr, laoedct ni eht nrraeieGrb Mlla dofo urotc ni tlaAtna, si ste ot osecl. tI\u2019s lencaru ywh het attrsanure si igsonlc, tbu ikel nyma llsam, het Garbenrrie sah nbee nsrultggig ot acttart sphesorp dan peek esattnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Science has taught us that atoms are not indestructible, as we can split them up in nuclear reactors, and put them back together again in the form of electricity. It is amazing how little we know about something as small as an atom, and yet science can take these tiny things and make them do our bidding.", "scrambled": "hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s ifstr-eevr aetrsanutr, laoedct ni eht nrraeieGrb Mlla dofo urotc ni tlaAtna, si ste ot osecl. tI\u2019s lencaru ywh het attrsanure si igsonlc, tbu ikel nyma llsam, het Garbenrrie sah nbee nsrultggig ot acttart sphesorp dan peek esattnn.", "original": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbriar has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants.", "recovered": "Science has taught us that atoms are not indestructible, as we can split them up in nuclear reactors, and put them back together again in the form of electricity. It is amazing how little we know about something as small as an atom, and yet science can take these tiny things and make them do our bidding."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hnaCi ash eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel ot ldbui na olerncctie vriopdegnpaes iliyfact no het ilansd ttha dluco loalw Bjiiegn ot evspoadre no SU snmmcncoauotii, odnriacgc ot heT lWal retteS onrlaJu. heT SU nad anuCb vnteesngrmo stca ngrsot uobtd no eth rrepot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people around the world use social media networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter to communicate with each other, and these sites also provide a way for politicians to report to the public on their activities.", "scrambled": "hnaCi ash eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel ot ldbui na olerncctie vriopdegnpaes iliyfact no het ilansd ttha dluco loalw Bjiiegn ot evspoadre no SU snmmcncoauotii, odnriacgc ot heT lWal retteS onrlaJu. heT SU nad anuCb vnteesngrmo stca ngrsot uobtd no eth rrepot.", "original": "China has agreed a multibillion-dollar deal to build an electronic eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Cuban governments cast strong doubt on the report.", "recovered": "Many people around the world use social media networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter to communicate with each other, and these sites also provide a way for politicians to report to the public on their activities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nChia si yfull ipnngoree ot neorifg srvtiiso \u2013 niclingdu tissrout. heT noucytr redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo vsais rof ofergnesri no eeWddnasy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This ingenious system not only ignores network latency \u2013 it cleverly tracks each client\u2019s round trip time. The new algorithm resumes transmission from the last byte sent plus the client\u2019s RTT in milliseconds.", "scrambled": "nChia si yfull ipnngoree ot neorifg srvtiiso \u2013 niclingdu tissrout. heT noucytr redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo vsais rof ofergnesri no eeWddnasy.", "original": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 including tourists. The country resumed issuing all categories of visas for foreigners on Wednesday.", "recovered": "This ingenious system not only ignores network latency \u2013 it cleverly tracks each client\u2019s round trip time. The new algorithm resumes transmission from the last byte sent plus the client\u2019s RTT in milliseconds."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iCanh si npiugrsu napls ot andl rsasttanou no eth lnrua scaurfe orebfe 2030.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " By 2030, the planet may face severe water shortages.", "scrambled": "iCanh si npiugrsu napls ot andl rsasttanou no eth lnrua scaurfe orebfe 2030.", "original": "China is pursuing plans to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030.", "recovered": "By 2030, the planet may face severe water shortages."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cscokl vmdoe adwrrof eno rhou. Teyh wlil lfal bkac na urho ot taadsndr emti no eth sftir uandyS fo orNmveeb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some people think that the best way to learn about the world is to travel around it. Travelling to different countries allows you to experience new cultures, try different foods and learn about different ways of living. It can also help you to understand your own culture better, by comparing it with others. Some people like to travel alone, while others prefer to go with friends or family. There are many ways to travel, from taking a plane to hitchhiking, and many places to visit, from big cities to small villages. Some people like to explore places that are well-known for their beauty or historical interest, while others prefer to go off the beaten track and discover places that are less touristy. Travelling can be an expensive hobby, but there are many ways to make it more affordable, from staying with local families to camping. Some people like to travel frequently, while others may only manage to travel once or twice in their lifetime. There are many benefits to travelling, but it can also involve some risks, from getting lost to encountering dangerous animals or situations. Overall, travelling is a great way to learn about the world and", "scrambled": "Cscokl vmdoe adwrrof eno rhou. Teyh wlil lfal bkac na urho ot taadsndr emti no eth sftir uandyS fo orNmveeb.", "original": "Clocks moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on the first Sunday of November.", "recovered": "Some people think that the best way to learn about the world is to travel around it. Travelling to different countries allows you to experience new cultures, try different foods and learn about different ways of living. It can also help you to understand your own culture better, by comparing it with others. Some people like to travel alone, while others prefer to go with friends or family. There are many ways to travel, from taking a plane to hitchhiking, and many places to visit, from big cities to small villages. Some people like to explore places that are well-known for their beauty or historical interest, while others prefer to go off the beaten track and discover places that are less touristy. Travelling can be an expensive hobby, but there are many ways to make it more affordable, from staying with local families to camping. Some people like to travel frequently, while others may only manage to travel once or twice in their lifetime. There are many benefits to travelling, but it can also involve some risks, from getting lost to encountering dangerous animals or situations. Overall, travelling is a great way to learn about the world and"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oC-shtos weN Zndaale dan rialsatAu htbo kkiedc ffo etrhi rWold uCp apcngmisa hwti 1-0 oeiivstrc. eNw aZednla\u2019s latFbool srnFe esuerdc etrhi frsti evre inw no a aobgll setag yb iagtneb owyaNr, wileh altisrauA\u2019s taliMdsa ebokr a doesnc-lhfa dcodleak thwi a dieecvsi atpelyn itagnas Rbclpeiu fo naerdlI, how rwee iglnpay ta het rnmaeutnto rfo eth strif emti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Weston-super-Mare AFC are a football club based in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, England. They are currently members of the National League South and play at Woodspring Park. Formed in 1897, the club turned professional in 1961 and spent three seasons in the Football League Fourth Division before being relegated. They won the Southern League in 1979\u201380 and again in 1985\u201386, and were runners-up in 1982\u201383 and 1984\u201385. Weston have fielded a youth team since the late 1950s and won the FA Youth Cup in 1961, becoming the first club from outside the Football League to do so. They reached the final again in 1963 and won the Football League Youth Cup in 1969. Weston have also won the Southern League Cup five times and the Somerset Premier Cup seven times.", "scrambled": "oC-shtos weN Zndaale dan rialsatAu htbo kkiedc ffo etrhi rWold uCp apcngmisa hwti 1-0 oeiivstrc. eNw aZednla\u2019s latFbool srnFe esuerdc etrhi frsti evre inw no a aobgll setag yb iagtneb owyaNr, wileh altisrauA\u2019s taliMdsa ebokr a doesnc-lhfa dcodleak thwi a dieecvsi atpelyn itagnas Rbclpeiu fo naerdlI, how rwee iglnpay ta het rnmaeutnto rfo eth strif emti.", "original": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaigns with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns secured their first ever win on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a second-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were playing at the tournament for the first time.", "recovered": "Weston-super-Mare AFC are a football club based in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, England. They are currently members of the National League South and play at Woodspring Park. Formed in 1897, the club turned professional in 1961 and spent three seasons in the Football League Fourth Division before being relegated. They won the Southern League in 1979\u201380 and again in 1985\u201386, and were runners-up in 1982\u201383 and 1984\u201385. Weston have fielded a youth team since the late 1950s and won the FA Youth Cup in 1961, becoming the first club from outside the Football League to do so. They reached the final again in 1963 and won the Football League Youth Cup in 1969. Weston have also won the Southern League Cup five times and the Somerset Premier Cup seven times."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ernsnoCc aubto siethc dna prsryaetacnn ta het uremSep orCtu hvea bnee idniteger isht ekwe taerf cJeutsi lauSem tAoli dogedewnclak tnaneitgd a xruylu ihinsfg iprt no eht rpivaet tje fo a natsveroivec hdgee nduf aenmagr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Science is a never-ending process of asking questions and finding answers.", "scrambled": "ernsnoCc aubto siethc dna prsryaetacnn ta het uremSep orCtu hvea bnee idniteger isht ekwe taerf cJeutsi lauSem tAoli dogedewnclak tnaneitgd a xruylu ihinsfg iprt no eht rpivaet tje fo a natsveroivec hdgee nduf aenmagr.", "original": "Concerns about ethics and transparency at the Supreme Court have been reignited this week after Justice Samuel Alito acknowledged attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund manager.", "recovered": "Science is a never-ending process of asking questions and finding answers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Critvvnaeeos besermm evah ohensc unsaS lHal sa hte yrpat\u2019s didaneact ot yrt ot uetans qdiaS hKna ni het 2024 nLoodn almoary clniteoe. allH, ehsow aclploiti soanlg si \u201cefSar twih asSun\u201d, si oneft na \u201cpkeootnus eharccrta\u201d, aids heT iaudanGr, \u201clkeyli ot eb snee sa na idtresou\u201d, twhi hre iwvse no uctullra seussi \u201ctacmlerpoib\u201d ni a biallre-nlnaeig itcy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Critical to ensuring the success of the Paris Agreement\u2019s long-term goal of keeping global temperature rise well below 2\u00b0C, and pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5\u00b0C, is the need to reduce emissions of short-lived climate pollutants. Also known as \u201cair pollution\u201d, these pollutants include carbon dioxide, methane, black carbon, and ozone. Together, these pollutants cause significant harm to human health and the environment, and are responsible for more than half of the global annual mean radiative forcing. There is no \u201csilver bullet\u201d technology or approach that will solve the problem, but a range of cost-effective measures and solutions exist across all sectors.", "scrambled": "Critvvnaeeos besermm evah ohensc unsaS lHal sa hte yrpat\u2019s didaneact ot yrt ot uetans qdiaS hKna ni het 2024 nLoodn almoary clniteoe. allH, ehsow aclploiti soanlg si \u201cefSar twih asSun\u201d, si oneft na \u201cpkeootnus eharccrta\u201d, aids heT iaudanGr, \u201clkeyli ot eb snee sa na idtresou\u201d, twhi hre iwvse no uctullra seussi \u201ctacmlerpoib\u201d ni a biallre-nlnaeig itcy.", "original": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s candidate to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, whose political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-leaning city.", "recovered": "Critical to ensuring the success of the Paris Agreement\u2019s long-term goal of keeping global temperature rise well below 2\u00b0C, and pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5\u00b0C, is the need to reduce emissions of short-lived climate pollutants. Also known as \u201cair pollution\u201d, these pollutants include carbon dioxide, methane, black carbon, and ozone. Together, these pollutants cause significant harm to human health and the environment, and are responsible for more than half of the global annual mean radiative forcing. There is no \u201csilver bullet\u201d technology or approach that will solve the problem, but a range of cost-effective measures and solutions exist across all sectors."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lcneCyo hacoM berledra iton nMyrmaa\u2019s csota asdy oag, ocallpgisn usesoh, girginbn donw pnleeehot epols dan lyeeersv migcpomronsi otnimucmaiocn elsni ni olntficc-rkaced iRahnek tsaet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many of the creatures in Myrmecia\u2019s army such as the ants, were blind, so Rahnek created a species of beetle that could navigate by using the stars.", "scrambled": "lcneCyo hacoM berledra iton nMyrmaa\u2019s csota asdy oag, ocallpgisn usesoh, girginbn donw pnleeehot epols dan lyeeersv migcpomronsi otnimucmaiocn elsni ni olntficc-rkaced iRahnek tsaet.", "original": "Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s coast days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-racked Rakhine state.", "recovered": "Many of the creatures in Myrmecia\u2019s army such as the ants, were blind, so Rahnek created a species of beetle that could navigate by using the stars."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: vDdia suRh, hwo ardlyea obsats reom thna 250 isnsneuG rdoWl doscerR, bedcnlaa na eurmball no shi neifgr orf hteer suroh dna 46 smnitue. siH etim aetb het reurctn cdeorr, adsi UIP, utb smtu illst eb reevdeiw. orF ermo retossi frmo teh agntersr ised fo lfie, sing pu ot eht llTa elaTs ewerslnett.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Very few people know that there are over 250 different kinds of doughnuts, including chocolate, vanilla, and glazed. Although many people enjoy eating them, doughnuts are not healthy and can contain a lot of fat and sugar. For this reason, some people choose to limit their intake or avoid them entirely.", "scrambled": "vDdia suRh, hwo ardlyea obsats reom thna 250 isnsneuG rdoWl doscerR, bedcnlaa na eurmball no shi neifgr orf hteer suroh dna 46 smnitue. siH etim aetb het reurctn cdeorr, adsi UIP, utb smtu illst eb reevdeiw. orF ermo retossi frmo teh agntersr ised fo lfie, sing pu ot eht llTa elaTs ewerslnett.", "original": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Very few people know that there are over 250 different kinds of doughnuts, including chocolate, vanilla, and glazed. Although many people enjoy eating them, doughnuts are not healthy and can contain a lot of fat and sugar. For this reason, some people choose to limit their intake or avoid them entirely."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: teiDSasn meda hsi fstir ncgipmaa paencpaera ni oawI, erhew eh dgelped ot ktae no osannWhitg dersinsi dan od emro rof imrecAsna nath sih OGP rvial, emofrr reidtensP Danldo umpTr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following is a summary of the key points from the article: The author argues that the current system of government in the U.S. is broken and that we need to fundamentally restructure it in order to address the many problems we face as a nation. He suggests a number of reforms, including a new system of citizen assemblies that would be empowered to make laws and set policy, a new electoral system for choosing political leaders, and a constitutional convention to rewrite the U.S. Constitution. He also discusses the need for a more participatory and democratic political system, and calls for greater citizen engagement and involvement in the political process.", "scrambled": "teiDSasn meda hsi fstir ncgipmaa paencpaera ni oawI, erhew eh dgelped ot ktae no osannWhitg dersinsi dan od emro rof imrecAsna nath sih OGP rvial, emofrr reidtensP Danldo umpTr.", "original": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to take on Washington insiders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival, former President Donald Trump.", "recovered": "The following is a summary of the key points from the article: The author argues that the current system of government in the U.S. is broken and that we need to fundamentally restructure it in order to address the many problems we face as a nation. He suggests a number of reforms, including a new system of citizen assemblies that would be empowered to make laws and set policy, a new electoral system for choosing political leaders, and a constitutional convention to rewrite the U.S. Constitution. He also discusses the need for a more participatory and democratic political system, and calls for greater citizen engagement and involvement in the political process."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eDla rnuesth ear gparepnir teseeshlmv rof edB, Btha & ndyeoB\u2019s tmmomha gogin-uto-fo-sesnsubi sela.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The earth goes around the sun because of the energy from the sun, the force that makes the earth go around the sun is called gravity.", "scrambled": "eDla rnuesth ear gparepnir teseeshlmv rof edB, Btha & ndyeoB\u2019s tmmomha gogin-uto-fo-sesnsubi sela.", "original": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-out-of-business sale.", "recovered": "The earth goes around the sun because of the energy from the sun, the force that makes the earth go around the sun is called gravity."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tpeseiD whatsome eaegtivn eesivwr, Srctkubsa si ibgrgnin tsi otslnorvcarie voeil lio cofefe ot oemr iciset.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " These words are an example of an anagram, specifically a word square. This type of anagram is also known as a word square, word square puzzle, magic square, or word puzzle.", "scrambled": "tpeseiD whatsome eaegtivn eesivwr, Srctkubsa si ibgrgnin tsi otslnorvcarie voeil lio cofefe ot oemr iciset.", "original": "Despite somewhat negative reviews, Starbucks is bringing its controversial olive oil coffee to more cities.", "recovered": "These words are an example of an anagram, specifically a word square. This type of anagram is also known as a word square, word square puzzle, magic square, or word puzzle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eDtgntaavis nogdiolf si pnrgpii rughtho tosstwhue Chnia, whit lesvera aeasr ginsuis eht igshteh vleel fo rngnsiwa ot veceatau. corsnneC ear gtonmniu ttha eth dfoslo wlli heva a tiaavntgsed acpimt no rposc ni eth oriegn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " With the growing influence of China, more and more western countries are starting to use the Chinese language in their schools, which will eventually lead to a total replacement of the original. Some people support this change, while others oppose it.", "scrambled": "eDtgntaavis nogdiolf si pnrgpii rughtho tosstwhue Chnia, whit lesvera aeasr ginsuis eht igshteh vleel fo rngnsiwa ot veceatau. corsnneC ear gtonmniu ttha eth dfoslo wlli heva a tiaavntgsed acpimt no rposc ni eth oriegn.", "original": "Devastating flooding is ripping through southwest China, with several areas issuing the highest level of warnings to evacuate. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.", "recovered": "With the growing influence of China, more and more western countries are starting to use the Chinese language in their schools, which will eventually lead to a total replacement of the original. Some people support this change, while others oppose it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iynsDe hsa casdee eelairngs sit ifmsl ro VT wohss no cphaylis daime oamtrsf ni rsuiatAal, inofglwlo a esept eedlnci ni lases fo sDVD, Bul-sary nad het elik sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn pluarpo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In this article we will see how to use Vue.js to build a simple todo application with a Node.js and MongoDB backend.", "scrambled": "iynsDe hsa casdee eelairngs sit ifmsl ro VT wohss no cphaylis daime oamtrsf ni rsuiatAal, inofglwlo a esept eedlnci ni lases fo sDVD, Bul-sary nad het elik sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn pluarpo.", "original": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV shows on physical media formats in Australia, following a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Blu-rays and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular.", "recovered": "In this article we will see how to use Vue.js to build a simple todo application with a Node.js and MongoDB backend."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lDorla Tere, chwih elssl ostm otrcudsp fro $1.25, lilw sopt slgelin egsg acseebu teh npymoac acn\u2019t amek ymone giroefnf tmhe ta fatl cseipr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Dorla Tere, a well-known actress, spent $1.25 on seven eggs, three slices of bread, and two glasses of milk. She couldn\u2019t afford to make the purchase and had to return to her car to get some money.", "scrambled": "lDorla Tere, chwih elssl ostm otrcudsp fro $1.25, lilw sopt slgelin egsg acseebu teh npymoac acn\u2019t amek ymone giroefnf tmhe ta fatl cseipr.", "original": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at flat prices.", "recovered": "Dorla Tere, a well-known actress, spent $1.25 on seven eggs, three slices of bread, and two glasses of milk. She couldn\u2019t afford to make the purchase and had to return to her car to get some money."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ongiDwn ettSre ahs imdedisss painS\u2019s ndmdea ot eosever locnrto fo trlibGraa\u2019s rairpto, wihhc si leahlciytnc no na AFR ebsa tieedsp inygl no a wnaorr chtrtse fo aldn wetenbe Gairbtlar adn het pnSihsa tferoinr. heT UE si cinderinsog inglwoal hte iBhtrsi evoesrsa oytitrerr \u2013 hiwhc vedto ot inemar ni eth lcbo \u2013 ot nijo eth ncnegheS mmoocn evrlta area.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Gondola lifts are a common means of transport for tourists from the railway station to the resort, which is located near AFR's base area. The UE is connected to the rest of the village by a chairlift and a gondola lift.", "scrambled": "ongiDwn ettSre ahs imdedisss painS\u2019s ndmdea ot eosever locnrto fo trlibGraa\u2019s rairpto, wihhc si leahlciytnc no na AFR ebsa tieedsp inygl no a wnaorr chtrtse fo aldn wetenbe Gairbtlar adn het pnSihsa tferoinr. heT UE si cinderinsog inglwoal hte iBhtrsi evoesrsa oytitrerr \u2013 hiwhc vedto ot inemar ni eth lcbo \u2013 ot nijo eth ncnegheS mmoocn evrlta area.", "original": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of Gibraltar\u2019s airport, which is technically on an RAF base despite lying on a narrow stretch of land between Gibraltar and the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the British overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the bloc \u2013 to join the Schengen common travel area.", "recovered": "Gondola lifts are a common means of transport for tourists from the railway station to the resort, which is located near AFR's base area. The UE is connected to the rest of the village by a chairlift and a gondola lift."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ueD ot erfi htaerst dna nveneamotirln oscncnre, tlaS aeLk iCyt, hUta, etrdi na reeaivlttan ayw fo glnieatcebr enecIededpnn Dya hitw ist ritfs-eerv edrno hwso. acWht emso fo eth hrote nlgizdza aeotslrncbei thta ootk leapc orscsa cAaierm ereh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The state of Delaware is known for its beaches, such as Rehoboth Beach and Dewey Beach, as well as for its tax-friendly business environment.", "scrambled": "ueD ot erfi htaerst dna nveneamotirln oscncnre, tlaS aeLk iCyt, hUta, etrdi na reeaivlttan ayw fo glnieatcebr enecIededpnn Dya hitw ist ritfs-eerv edrno hwso. acWht emso fo eth hrote nlgizdza aeotslrncbei thta ootk leapc orscsa cAaierm ereh.", "original": "Due to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling celebrations that took place across America here.", "recovered": "The state of Delaware is known for its beaches, such as Rehoboth Beach and Dewey Beach, as well as for its tax-friendly business environment."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uDe ot hgih mdnaed ofr het dmiilte-dntoiei peRrsarby lylaR ciekoo, costsu adn tsarnpe erew nlyteerquf cdrofe ot nexapil het rshtoeag ot nydonae pessporh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The director of national intelligence has determined that the Russian government carried out a campaign across social media, hacked emails, and other outlets to attempt to influence the 2016 presidential election.", "scrambled": "uDe ot hgih mdnaed ofr het dmiilte-dntoiei peRrsarby lylaR ciekoo, costsu adn tsarnpe erew nlyteerquf cdrofe ot nexapil het rshtoeag ot nydonae pessporh.", "original": "Due to high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Rally cookie, scouts and parents were frequently forced to explain the shortage to annoyed shoppers.", "recovered": "The director of national intelligence has determined that the Russian government carried out a campaign across social media, hacked emails, and other outlets to attempt to influence the 2016 presidential election."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dE eanehrS okot teh natsd hsti wkee ni a hihg-frpiole rpicogyht larit aoubt ewhehrt shi hsams ilsgne \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d pdecio irManv yaGe\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Deaner Roberts often teases the natives by singing a high-pitched rendition of \u201cTwinkle Twinkle Little Star\u201d wherever she goes.", "scrambled": "dE eanehrS okot teh natsd hsti wkee ni a hihg-frpiole rpicogyht larit aoubt ewhehrt shi hsams ilsgne \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d pdecio irManv yaGe\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d.", "original": "Ed Sheeran took the stand this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether his smash single \u201cThinking Out Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "recovered": "Deaner Roberts often teases the natives by singing a high-pitched rendition of \u201cTwinkle Twinkle Little Star\u201d wherever she goes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sEgg adh het somt iactmdar rdeeseca, ihwt a lyrane 11% delecni. ishT mcsoe feart gge ripsce osrdea ni iesuorpv snmoht lyprmiira ude ot viaan ufl, wichh acertindnos syplpu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sulfur dioxide emitted by a lyran, a type of giant flying reptile, contains 11% sulfuric acid. When mixed with water, the sulfuric acid reacts to form sulfurous acid and molecular oxygen. This process is called acid-base neutralization.", "scrambled": "sEgg adh het somt iactmdar rdeeseca, ihwt a lyrane 11% delecni. ishT mcsoe feart gge ripsce osrdea ni iesuorpv snmoht lyprmiira ude ot viaan ufl, wichh acertindnos syplpu.", "original": "Eggs had the most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg prices soared in previous months primarily due to avian flu, which constrained supply.", "recovered": "Sulfur dioxide emitted by a lyran, a type of giant flying reptile, contains 11% sulfuric acid. When mixed with water, the sulfuric acid reacts to form sulfurous acid and molecular oxygen. This process is called acid-base neutralization."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pytgE\u2019s sntMiriy fo mrsouTi dna tiiquisetAn leesraed a snttaemet msahipiegns htta \u201ceQune taolperaC adh hligt knis nad lniscileteH (eeGkr) retefaus\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleftN ofr tcasgni rstiihB aotcr ledeA sJaem, hwo \u201csesesssop iAnafcr trsfuaee dan kdar ksin\u201d. ndFi uto orem no het etsalt pdeoeis fo hTe kWee awpUdpren sdcatop.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Great minds think alike, they say, and this \u201cequine therapist and life coach\u201d certainly seems to share some ideas with me, like \u201csessions with animals can help us understand ourselves and others\u201d. And I wholeheartedly agree.", "scrambled": "pytgE\u2019s sntMiriy fo mrsouTi dna tiiquisetAn leesraed a snttaemet msahipiegns htta \u201ceQune taolperaC adh hligt knis nad lniscileteH (eeGkr) retefaus\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleftN ofr tcasgni rstiihB aotcr ledeA sJaem, hwo \u201csesesssop iAnafcr trsfuaee dan kdar ksin\u201d. ndFi uto orem no het etsalt pdeoeis fo hTe kWee awpUdpren sdcatop.", "original": "Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, and criticising Netflix for casting British actor Adele James, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Great minds think alike, they say, and this \u201cequine therapist and life coach\u201d certainly seems to share some ideas with me, like \u201csessions with animals can help us understand ourselves and others\u201d. And I wholeheartedly agree."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sdEnlgea ideeaxpln no ihs seietbw ttah eh bmdsteuti het bkalc-dan-etihw egami \u201csa a ceyekh myonek, ot dfin uot fi eth tniicpseoomt ear dprapeer rof IA sagiem ot nrtee\u201d. eH oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era tno.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following is an excerpt from the book \u201cThe Hacker\u2019s Diet\u201d by Ian A. A. Ash, with some extra content by the author. \u201cThe Hacker\u2019s Diet\u201d is a guide to healthy living through better eating and exercise. The book is a collection of essays, tips, and recipes, and includes a discussion of the author\u2019s personal experience with weight loss. The following is an excerpt from the book: \u201cThe Hacker\u2019s Diet\u201d is a guide to healthy living through better eating and exercise. The book is a collection of essays, tips, and recipes, and includes a discussion of the author\u2019s personal experience with weight loss.", "scrambled": "sdEnlgea ideeaxpln no ihs seietbw ttah eh bmdsteuti het bkalc-dan-etihw egami \u201csa a ceyekh myonek, ot dfin uot fi eth tniicpseoomt ear dprapeer rof IA sagiem ot nrtee\u201d. eH oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era tno.\u201d.", "original": "Eldagsen explained on his website that he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a cheeky monkey, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images to enter\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d.", "recovered": "The following is an excerpt from the book \u201cThe Hacker\u2019s Diet\u201d by Ian A. A. Ash, with some extra content by the author. \u201cThe Hacker\u2019s Diet\u201d is a guide to healthy living through better eating and exercise. The book is a collection of essays, tips, and recipes, and includes a discussion of the author\u2019s personal experience with weight loss. The following is an excerpt from the book: \u201cThe Hacker\u2019s Diet\u201d is a guide to healthy living through better eating and exercise. The book is a collection of essays, tips, and recipes, and includes a discussion of the author\u2019s personal experience with weight loss."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nolE skMu sha iadl fof orem ntah 6,000 loeepp ta ttTriew nsiec nkigat oevr hte onmcpya, eh idas ni na trwvneiie hsit ewek. eTh rdtnuoeic steeaqu ot hoguryl 80% fo hte myncpoa\u2019s ffsat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some scientists think that a large asteroid or comet struck the earth about sixty-five million years ago, and that this impact caused the extinction of the dinosaurs and many other species. The resulting dust and smoke blocked out the sun and cooled the earth\u2019s climate, causing the extinction of about three-quarters of all plant and animal species.", "scrambled": "nolE skMu sha iadl fof orem ntah 6,000 loeepp ta ttTriew nsiec nkigat oevr hte onmcpya, eh idas ni na trwvneiie hsit ewek. eTh rdtnuoeic steeaqu ot hoguryl 80% fo hte myncpoa\u2019s ffsat.", "original": "Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "recovered": "Some scientists think that a large asteroid or comet struck the earth about sixty-five million years ago, and that this impact caused the extinction of the dinosaurs and many other species. The resulting dust and smoke blocked out the sun and cooled the earth\u2019s climate, causing the extinction of about three-quarters of all plant and animal species."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Etonl hJon\u2019s lfian utor amec ot na ned hwti a mrepncerofa ni kholocStm, enedSw, stih ohmtn. Ltinse ot het attfelher smeasge eh rhedsa hwit shi safn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hello Jon\u2019s father! Amec is my friend. We are doing a project on the cholera epidemic, and we were wondering if you could help us.", "scrambled": "Etonl hJon\u2019s lfian utor amec ot na ned hwti a mrepncerofa ni kholocStm, enedSw, stih ohmtn. Ltinse ot het attfelher smeasge eh rhedsa hwit shi safn.", "original": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an end with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans.", "recovered": "Hello Jon\u2019s father! Amec is my friend. We are doing a project on the cholera epidemic, and we were wondering if you could help us."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii eieginergnn atngi rea gniiam ot cereta a amlsl dan twtiehliggh lnreuca rmico-roatcre ot irpvdeo opwre dneede rfo unasmh ot ivel dna rkow no eth Mono.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Greenpeace urges Nestl\u00e9 to phase out use of controversial palm oil supplier", "scrambled": "geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii eieginergnn atngi rea gniiam ot cereta a amlsl dan twtiehliggh lnreuca rmico-roatcre ot irpvdeo opwre dneede rfo unasmh ot ivel dna rkow no eth Mono.", "original": "Engineers and scientists at the British engineering giant are aiming to create a small and lightweight nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon.", "recovered": "Greenpeace urges Nestl\u00e9 to phase out use of controversial palm oil supplier"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nErotminalnev ayrlew dna niat-avencci vsitatic btRroe F. Knndyee rJ. hsa iedlf prowkrpae ot unr ofr rditpesne ni 2024 sa a rtaecDom. heT 69-erya-ldo si teh nso fo refrom ewN rYok ntsraeo, SU renotaty erelnag adn aasnaisdstes 1968 ipdnltsaerie andtidace toerbR F. nneedyK nda hte neweph fo het etla drtesPnie hnoJ F. eeKndny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences will host the exhibition \u201cBirds of Prey\u201d from 2024. The exhibition will travel the world in 2024 and will be displayed at the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences. The exhibition will showcase 69 species of birds of prey from around the world.", "scrambled": "nErotminalnev ayrlew dna niat-avencci vsitatic btRroe F. Knndyee rJ. hsa iedlf prowkrpae ot unr ofr rditpesne ni 2024 sa a rtaecDom. heT 69-erya-ldo si teh nso fo refrom ewN rYok ntsraeo, SU renotaty erelnag adn aasnaisdstes 1968 ipdnltsaerie andtidace toerbR F. nneedyK nda hte neweph fo het etla drtesPnie hnoJ F. eeKndny.", "original": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy.", "recovered": "The Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences will host the exhibition \u201cBirds of Prey\u201d from 2024. The exhibition will travel the world in 2024 and will be displayed at the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences. The exhibition will showcase 69 species of birds of prey from around the world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash ahdlses \u00a350,000 ffo het gioinarl \u00a3300,000 kngias epirc rfo 3 Broloame tasegCot, ihwhc ins\u2019t celeabiscs yb acr nad si ensve ismel rofm eth nrtaese notw, gtnonlIe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Set a budget for the year and stick to it. This will help you to keep on track and not go overboard.", "scrambled": "setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash ahdlses \u00a350,000 ffo het gioinarl \u00a3300,000 kngias epirc rfo 3 Broloame tasegCot, ihwhc ins\u2019t celeabiscs yb acr nad si ensve ismel rofm eth nrtaese notw, gtnonlIe.", "original": "Estate agent Fisher Cooper has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton.", "recovered": "Set a budget for the year and stick to it. This will help you to keep on track and not go overboard."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: unaaEris sevareb ewre thdeun ot eoctntnxii ni tinraiB ni het 16ht tcryeun, utb a ernigebd ripa lwli eb uctenodrierd ot ewdnstal ni glaiEn htis rmusme ni a idb ot elhp etcalk etamicl caenhg yb rimgnpoot a revsidboie cmetysoes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following is a list of the top 16 countries by total number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites, as of July 2017. The total number of sites in parentheses.", "scrambled": "unaaEris sevareb ewre thdeun ot eoctntnxii ni tinraiB ni het 16ht tcryeun, utb a ernigebd ripa lwli eb uctenodrierd ot ewdnstal ni glaiEn htis rmusme ni a idb ot elhp etcalk etamicl caenhg yb rimgnpoot a revsidboie cmetysoes.", "original": "Eurasian beavers were hunted to extinction in Britain in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.", "recovered": "The following is a list of the top 16 countries by total number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites, as of July 2017. The total number of sites in parentheses."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Evre scien eht 2011 miautns sydtoedre hte auskmhuiF elancur lntap, nJaap hsa eenb pupmign awert inot hte tsei ot loco het aoercrt\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 rltise a ayd. wNo, eht onvmegtner anlsp ot selaere a mnililo tericm snot fo stih eardtet iaaedoirtvc eawrt oitn teh naeoc, \u201cneuogh ot ifll 500 ilmcyOp-izse smimgwni lpsoo\u201d, ot ntinsee tnpisoooip ofmr iCnha nad ymna iicPfca ssinlda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Every year since 2011, scientists have detected increasing amounts of microplastic in the Arctic sea ice, with levels now more than ten times higher than in 1980. No, the enormous amount of plastic in the sea is not a new phenomenon, with levels of up to 500,000 particles per square metre recorded in the North Pacific in the 1980s.", "scrambled": "Evre scien eht 2011 miautns sydtoedre hte auskmhuiF elancur lntap, nJaap hsa eenb pupmign awert inot hte tsei ot loco het aoercrt\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 rltise a ayd. wNo, eht onvmegtner anlsp ot selaere a mnililo tericm snot fo stih eardtet iaaedoirtvc eawrt oitn teh naeoc, \u201cneuogh ot ifll 500 ilmcyOp-izse smimgwni lpsoo\u201d, ot ntinsee tnpisoooip ofmr iCnha nad ymna iicPfca ssinlda.", "original": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 contaminating 130,000 litres a day. Now, the government plans to release a million metric tons of this treated radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense opposition from China and many Pacific islands.", "recovered": "Every year since 2011, scientists have detected increasing amounts of microplastic in the Arctic sea ice, with levels now more than ten times higher than in 1980. No, the enormous amount of plastic in the sea is not a new phenomenon, with levels of up to 500,000 particles per square metre recorded in the North Pacific in the 1980s."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tEerpsx arfe htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi iasgorn oecntfiin dna thdea arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg ttah teh isdaees ledkli nodaru 4,400 ploeep a yda eriwwddol ni 2021.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Terpsichore is a \u201ckitchen item\u201d, and according to scientists the idea arose. Thus, the terpsichore led to 4,400 plus new jobs in 2021.", "scrambled": "tEerpsx arfe htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi iasgorn oecntfiin dna thdea arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg ttah teh isdaees ledkli nodaru 4,400 ploeep a yda eriwwddol ni 2021.", "original": "Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amid soaring infection and death rates. Latest figures suggest that the disease killed around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "recovered": "Terpsichore is a \u201ckitchen item\u201d, and according to scientists the idea arose. Thus, the terpsichore led to 4,400 plus new jobs in 2021."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tExspre ysa Ansremaci aer tpinpig lses \u2013 lony donaru 16% \u2013 ta ckuqi-ricseve itnmashtlesbse abceeus heyt lefe eeerwolmdhv yb oontisp ot tpi iwht a drca no a uectcrosneh, dlnaieg eeolpp ot eb esls reegusno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Exercise is a good way to reduce stress \u2013 running for 30 minutes every day will help you a lot.", "scrambled": "tExspre ysa Ansremaci aer tpinpig lses \u2013 lony donaru 16% \u2013 ta ckuqi-ricseve itnmashtlesbse abceeus heyt lefe eeerwolmdhv yb oontisp ot tpi iwht a drca no a uectcrosneh, dlnaieg eeolpp ot eb esls reegusno.", "original": "Experts say Americans are tipping less \u2013 only around 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed by options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people to be less generous.", "recovered": "Exercise is a good way to reduce stress \u2013 running for 30 minutes every day will help you a lot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: abcFkooe sresu hwo ahd na eitvac ucacnot bwenete aMy 2007 nda ebcDmere 2022 nac nwo lappy fro a earhs fo hte cmpayno\u2019s $725 oililnm ttlemteens ahrdcee ni a ormja aatd vypaicr lacsdna.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Since 2007, Apple has sold more than 20 million laptops from its company\u2019s $725 billion cash pile to meet customer\u2019s demands.", "scrambled": "abcFkooe sresu hwo ahd na eitvac ucacnot bwenete aMy 2007 nda ebcDmere 2022 nac nwo lappy fro a earhs fo hte cmpayno\u2019s $725 oililnm ttlemteens ahrdcee ni a ormja aatd vypaicr lacsdna.", "original": "Facebook users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement reached in a major data privacy scandal.", "recovered": "Since 2007, Apple has sold more than 20 million laptops from its company\u2019s $725 billion cash pile to meet customer\u2019s demands."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nFsa iwledrodw heav bene giapyn tiuerbt ot het rBihtsi geresdin, how oendpreie teh ismkiintr. \u201cynOl teh leBetsa rea omer oselcly idet ot hte glndee tath si Lnodon\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s thna ryaM autnQ,\u201d siad heT ariudnGa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fashion designer Stella McCartney said London\u2019s swinging Sixties were an inspiration for her autumn collection, which featured miniskirts and op art prints.", "scrambled": "nFsa iwledrodw heav bene giapyn tiuerbt ot het rBihtsi geresdin, how oendpreie teh ismkiintr. \u201cynOl teh leBetsa rea omer oselcly idet ot hte glndee tath si Lnodon\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s thna ryaM autnQ,\u201d siad heT ariudnGa.", "original": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who pioneered the miniskirt. \u201cOnly the Beatles are more closely tied to the legend that is London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.", "recovered": "Fashion designer Stella McCartney said London\u2019s swinging Sixties were an inspiration for her autumn collection, which featured miniskirts and op art prints."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: adFninl, rDanmke nda Ildecna nekard gsihteh ni het NU\u2019s odWlr esnipHpas rotepR, dbesa no adat mfro het ulGalp rldoW lPol. nrtaBii pdpored wto psclae ot 19ht ni hte ndeix, lhiwe aonenbL nad aniAsgnatfh erwe endma sa het htpesinaup asoitnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is a public research university in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. It is the oldest state-supported university in North Carolina and the second-oldest public university in the United States. UNC is a member of the Association of American Universities. The university has six undergraduate schools and 18 graduate and professional schools. Its total enrollment is approximately 28,000 students, with nearly 2,100 faculty members. UNC is ranked as a top-tier university by the U.S. News & World Report.", "scrambled": "adFninl, rDanmke nda Ildecna nekard gsihteh ni het NU\u2019s odWlr esnipHpas rotepR, dbesa no adat mfro het ulGalp rldoW lPol. nrtaBii pdpored wto psclae ot 19ht ni hte ndeix, lhiwe aonenbL nad aniAsgnatfh erwe endma sa het htpesinaup asoitnn.", "original": "Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped two places to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest nations.", "recovered": "The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is a public research university in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. It is the oldest state-supported university in North Carolina and the second-oldest public university in the United States. UNC is a member of the Association of American Universities. The university has six undergraduate schools and 18 graduate and professional schools. Its total enrollment is approximately 28,000 students, with nearly 2,100 faculty members. UNC is ranked as a top-tier university by the U.S. News & World Report."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lairodF rnvreooG tseiSnDa si het irsft rjmoa nacdtaedi ever ot unoacenn etirh unr rfo tenresidp no aisocl eamdi, griudn a athc whit oEnl Msku no rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn asw rdrema yb iecchtlan elgthics nad diaou opbremls, sa het cslioa wtkeron\u2019s severrs drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg ni edmdan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Clearly, the internet has had a significant impact on our society. It has changed the way we communicate, do business, and access information. It has also created new opportunities for entertainment and social interaction. However, like any powerful tool, it can be used for good or ill. Some people use the internet to spread knowledge and connect with others, while others use it to spread hatred and harm others. It is up to each of us to use the internet responsibly and make sure we are not contributing to the negative aspects of online culture.", "scrambled": "lairodF rnvreooG tseiSnDa si het irsft rjmoa nacdtaedi ever ot unoacenn etirh unr rfo tenresidp no aisocl eamdi, griudn a athc whit oEnl Msku no rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn asw rdrema yb iecchtlan elgthics nad diaou opbremls, sa het cslioa wtkeron\u2019s severrs drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg ni edmdan.", "original": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, during a chat with Elon Musk on Twitter Spaces on Wednesday. But the campaign launch was marred by technical glitches and audio problems, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand.", "recovered": "Clearly, the internet has had a significant impact on our society. It has changed the way we communicate, do business, and access information. It has also created new opportunities for entertainment and social interaction. However, like any powerful tool, it can be used for good or ill. Some people use the internet to spread knowledge and connect with others, while others use it to spread hatred and harm others. It is up to each of us to use the internet responsibly and make sure we are not contributing to the negative aspects of online culture."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lFootlab\u2019s loglba negvnorig ybdo iFaf hsa onfrcdiem ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei oc-etohsd yb het SU, aaadCn nda xcioMe \u2013 si gdnexpnai ormf 32 ot 48 amets, hiwch illw ureeqir 40 sgema ermo naht eth 64 edylap ni arQta astl arey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Footlab\u2019s logoba norgivo ybdo iFaf ha onfrcdiem ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei oc-etohsd yb het SU, aaadCn nda xcioMe \u2013 si gdnexpnai ormf 32 ot 48 amets, hiwch illw ureeqir 40 sgema ermo naht eth 64 edylap ni arQta astl arey.", "scrambled": "lFootlab\u2019s loglba negvnorig ybdo iFaf hsa onfrcdiem ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei oc-etohsd yb het SU, aaadCn nda xcioMe \u2013 si gdnexpnai ormf 32 ot 48 amets, hiwch illw ureeqir 40 sgema ermo naht eth 64 edylap ni arQta astl arey.", "original": "Football\u2019s global governing body Fifa has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 games more than the 64 played in Qatar last year.", "recovered": "Footlab\u2019s logoba norgivo ybdo iFaf ha onfrcdiem ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei oc-etohsd yb het SU, aaadCn nda xcioMe \u2013 si gdnexpnai ormf 32 ot 48 amets, hiwch illw ureeqir 40 sgema ermo naht eth 64 edylap ni arQta astl arey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: orF hnatreo ayre ni a owr, rrbsraestiew uneitcno ot ldoh eth opt pots no eth yDirt enoDz tlis twhi eth smot ectessidip, eht SU tptmDrneae fo ucrtegArilu nauenocdn hsit ewek.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For honoured age and reverend years,\n", "scrambled": "orF hnatreo ayre ni a owr, rrbsraestiew uneitcno ot ldoh eth opt pots no eth yDirt enoDz tlis twhi eth smot ectessidip, eht SU tptmDrneae fo ucrtegArilu nauenocdn hsit ewek.", "original": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "recovered": "For honoured age and reverend years,"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oFr eht trsfi tmie ni 31 reysa, teh dbarroLa ierrveteR sha eneb teuedans sa eth toms ulaoprp ogd ebedr ni eth SU, cgndracoi ot hte neaicArm neKlen Cblu\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. iTgnak ist cepla si eth uetc dna acpcmot nhercF glBldou.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For three years, the dark wizard Voldemort waited in hiding, gathering strength and followers among the poor and disenfranchised in the slums. It was only when he believed he had gathered enough power that Voldemort revealed himself to the world as he attempted to seize control of the Ministry of Magic and kill the young boy who stood in his way, Harry Potter.", "scrambled": "oFr eht trsfi tmie ni 31 reysa, teh dbarroLa ierrveteR sha eneb teuedans sa eth toms ulaoprp ogd ebedr ni eth SU, cgndracoi ot hte neaicArm neKlen Cblu\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. iTgnak ist cepla si eth uetc dna acpcmot nhercF glBldou.", "original": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking its place is the cute and compact French Bulldog.", "recovered": "For three years, the dark wizard Voldemort waited in hiding, gathering strength and followers among the poor and disenfranchised in the slums. It was only when he believed he had gathered enough power that Voldemort revealed himself to the world as he attempted to seize control of the Ministry of Magic and kill the young boy who stood in his way, Harry Potter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oFr eth rftis emti ni 70 rseay, het DCC si gganihcn who ogsd aer tiedporm iont eht SU ot pvreten israbe ofrm igvirnra mfro aroesevs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in 70 years, the DCC has chosen two guinea pigs who are tied to promote the SU brand on social media.", "scrambled": "oFr eth rftis emti ni 70 rseay, het DCC si gganihcn who ogsd aer tiedporm iont eht SU ot pvreten israbe ofrm igvirnra mfro aroesevs.", "original": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas.", "recovered": "For the first time in 70 years, the DCC has chosen two guinea pigs who are tied to promote the SU brand on social media."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rFdo aeasppr ot eb acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe het edlosm efdceatf yb hte taetsl lrlcea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in his life, the young man found himself in a position to make a difference. He had the opportunity to make a positive impact on the world around him, and he was determined to take advantage of this chance.", "scrambled": "rFdo aeasppr ot eb acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe het edlosm efdceatf yb hte taetsl lrlcea.", "original": "Ford appears to be facing more manufacturing problems. See the models affected by the latest recall.", "recovered": "For the first time in his life, the young man found himself in a position to make a difference. He had the opportunity to make a positive impact on the world around him, and he was determined to take advantage of this chance."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rodF ceeladrl deshnurd fo tandoshsu fo F-150 trsuck tish ekew deu ot a piargnk arkeb usesi. oS rfa, teh akomtuare si awrea fo 299 tssncnaei fo het pigkarn bakre iivancgtat ynuintntlainelo, ciundigln ta taels 19 hlewi teh vhielec asw niegb revnid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ford debuted the all-new F-150 truck in a parkour-style commercial featuring a base jumper who leaps from building to building. The spot was produced by RPA, the agency of record for the Ford Motor Company, and marks the debut of the new \u201cGo Further\u201d brand campaign for the automaker. The ad premiered during Super Bowl XLIX, and as of February 2015, the YouTube video had over 8.3 million views. The spot was well received, and in April 2015, it won a Clio Award for best automotive advertising.", "scrambled": "rodF ceeladrl deshnurd fo tandoshsu fo F-150 trsuck tish ekew deu ot a piargnk arkeb usesi. oS rfa, teh akomtuare si awrea fo 299 tssncnaei fo het pigkarn bakre iivancgtat ynuintntlainelo, ciundigln ta taels 19 hlewi teh vhielec asw niegb revnid.", "original": "Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake activating unintentionally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven.", "recovered": "Ford debuted the all-new F-150 truck in a parkour-style commercial featuring a base jumper who leaps from building to building. The spot was produced by RPA, the agency of record for the Ford Motor Company, and marks the debut of the new \u201cGo Further\u201d brand campaign for the automaker. The ad premiered during Super Bowl XLIX, and as of February 2015, the YouTube video had over 8.3 million views. The spot was well received, and in April 2015, it won a Clio Award for best automotive advertising."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: romerF stFir aydL hlelMcie mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht esh\u2019s ulhacngni a lytaehh ofod dan eeragebv moyncap rfo sdik ot elhp otabmc eth \u201cntriniout-eleardt atlheh sirsci\u201d ni teh SU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Former FBI Director James Comey on Monday blasted the State Department for its handling of Hillary Clinton\u2019s email scandal, saying the department\u2019s \u201csystemic\u201d problems are worse than ever.", "scrambled": "romerF stFir aydL hlelMcie mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht esh\u2019s ulhacngni a lytaehh ofod dan eeragebv moyncap rfo sdik ot elhp otabmc eth \u201cntriniout-eleardt atlheh sirsci\u201d ni teh SU.", "original": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cnutrition-related health crisis\u201d in the US.", "recovered": "Former FBI Director James Comey on Monday blasted the State Department for its handling of Hillary Clinton\u2019s email scandal, saying the department\u2019s \u201csystemic\u201d problems are worse than ever."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eromrF sPertenid ondlDa rmTup adlpdee otn lutigy ot 34 ofynel mriacinl csregha fo yfnagiflis niebsssu drescor ni tMhananta ilairncm roctu dsyaTeu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please tell me the meaning of life.", "scrambled": "eromrF sPertenid ondlDa rmTup adlpdee otn lutigy ot 34 ofynel mriacinl csregha fo yfnagiflis niebsssu drescor ni tMhananta ilairncm roctu dsyaTeu.", "original": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of falsifying business records in Manhattan criminal court Tuesday.", "recovered": "Please tell me the meaning of life."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: moeFrr icVe dePseitrn ekMi enePc iwll unclha ish 2024 atedseirplni gacpiman no neuJ 7 twhi na ctmnnoeunean doive adn a epechs ni aIow, otw ucessro aiimrlfa ihtw eth pslan ltle NNC.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The NNC will deploy a team of 7 to the moon by 2024, a mission that will include a female astronaut.", "scrambled": "moeFrr icVe dePseitrn ekMi enePc iwll unclha ish 2024 atedseirplni gacpiman no neuJ 7 twhi na ctmnnoeunean doive adn a epechs ni aIow, otw ucessro aiimrlfa ihtw eth pslan ltle NNC.", "original": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sources familiar with the plans tell CNN.", "recovered": "The NNC will deploy a team of 7 to the moon by 2024, a mission that will include a female astronaut."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eFrorm \u201certGa rBitshi Meun\u201d atrs Jnoh intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio rfmo Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no ocslia diaem liegltn evsnga ot \u201cf*** fof\u201d, aetrf ntggtei a vegteani eiwerv mofr a nno-meta aeetr. nO het kbFaocoe apge fo shi hPter urtsarntae, yFer, eh dadde tath \u201clla eanvsg ear wno ednban\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From Earth to the Bitshi\u2019s Moon, John Intenuato travels, arriving late at night on the large desert planet of \u201cFordonia\u201d, aeternally covered in snow. Not wanting to stay at the \u201cFordonia\u201d space port hotel, he decides to head into the city. As he enters the city, he sees a sign that says \u201cWelcome to Fordonia\u201d.", "scrambled": "eFrorm \u201certGa rBitshi Meun\u201d atrs Jnoh intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio rfmo Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no ocslia diaem liegltn evsnga ot \u201cf*** fof\u201d, aetrf ntggtei a vegteani eiwerv mofr a nno-meta aeetr. nO het kbFaocoe apge fo shi hPter urtsarntae, yFer, eh dadde tath \u201clla eanvsg ear wno ednban\u201d.", "original": "Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Mountain, originally from Lancashire, posted a message on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meat eater. On the Facebook page of his Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.", "recovered": "From Earth to the Bitshi\u2019s Moon, John Intenuato travels, arriving late at night on the large desert planet of \u201cFordonia\u201d, aeternally covered in snow. Not wanting to stay at the \u201cFordonia\u201d space port hotel, he decides to head into the city. As he enters the city, he sees a sign that says \u201cWelcome to Fordonia\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uoFr tusnrtsaao, ndiilgucn hteer ceAaimrns nda noe naadCnai, lliw eb teh rsitf ecrw ntse ot rtibo eth nomo iensc hte Apooll pgamror edden rmeo tnha 50 sayer oag.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For you to succeed in the Arena, you'll need to choose a class, customize your character's appearance, and acquire gear and abilities that will help you stay alive in Azeroth's most dangerous environment.", "scrambled": "uoFr tusnrtsaao, ndiilgucn hteer ceAaimrns nda noe naadCnai, lliw eb teh rsitf ecrw ntse ot rtibo eth nomo iensc hte Apooll pgamror edden rmeo tnha 50 sayer oag.", "original": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one Canadian, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "recovered": "For you to succeed in the Arena, you'll need to choose a class, customize your character's appearance, and acquire gear and abilities that will help you stay alive in Azeroth's most dangerous environment."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uorF egrta wehti ahrsks veah ebne ddcteeet gnmisiwm ffo eth asotc ni eht stap efw ewske. hyTe lal pearpa ot eb inmakg hrite lnnuaa taigrniom omrf het Fodialr esKy pu ot het SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, dagcnrcoi ot teh rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug EOCCARH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For example, the European Union has created a single market through the elimination of customs barriers and other trade barriers between its member states.", "scrambled": "uorF egrta wehti ahrsks veah ebne ddcteeet gnmisiwm ffo eth asotc ni eht stap efw ewske. hyTe lal pearpa ot eb inmakg hrite lnnuaa taigrniom omrf het Fodialr esKy pu ot het SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, dagcnrcoi ot teh rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug EOCCARH.", "original": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the nonprofit marine research group OCEARCH.", "recovered": "For example, the European Union has created a single market through the elimination of customs barriers and other trade barriers between its member states."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fuor emn asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jial orve het ekndwee, clsiaoffi siad. Oen fo mthe asw onfdu dade ni a rednbu udbnilig earft a fnsdfato ihwt thiriasueot, dan a cdosen asw peaderndphe ni xaesT. sA fo adyFir, eusritthoia eewr tngionuinc tirhe haresc rof het wot vniusirgv edecaps tsmaeni.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For Emma, aseptic technique is second nature. She has performed hundreds of injections as a registered nurse, so she knows how important it is to always clean the skin with an antiseptic like Betadine. Today, for the first time, she\u2019s giving her daughter a vaccination, so she wants to make sure everything is perfect.", "scrambled": "Fuor emn asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jial orve het ekndwee, clsiaoffi siad. Oen fo mthe asw onfdu dade ni a rednbu udbnilig earft a fnsdfato ihwt thiriasueot, dan a cdosen asw peaderndphe ni xaesT. sA fo adyFir, eusritthoia eewr tngionuinc tirhe haresc rof het wot vniusirgv edecaps tsmaeni.", "original": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with authorities, and a second was apprehended in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving escaped inmates.", "recovered": "For Emma, aseptic technique is second nature. She has performed hundreds of injections as a registered nurse, so she knows how important it is to always clean the skin with an antiseptic like Betadine. Today, for the first time, she\u2019s giving her daughter a vaccination, so she wants to make sure everything is perfect."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: xoF wseN nad rkecTu sroCnal, eth ghitr-ingw eitemtxrs woh edtosh eth ntkreow\u2019s iperm meti 8 p.m. rhou, vhea reesvde site, het ewotkrn isda ni a tugsnnni nnconuanetem no Monyda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The great fireball that streaked across the sky on the night of March 8th at around 8 p.m. was captured on video by many people, including those in the area of Monydas.", "scrambled": "xoF wseN nad rkecTu sroCnal, eth ghitr-ingw eitemtxrs woh edtosh eth ntkreow\u2019s iperm meti 8 p.m. rhou, vhea reesvde site, het ewotkrn isda ni a tugsnnni nnconuanetem no Monyda.", "original": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the network\u2019s prime time 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, the network said in a stunning announcement on Monday.", "recovered": "The great fireball that streaked across the sky on the night of March 8th at around 8 p.m. was captured on video by many people, including those in the area of Monydas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oxF ewsN ndnuoenac het perim-teim thos\u2019s atpbur rreutadep no oynMda, esls tahn a keew etraf rngieaeg ot ayp $787.5m ot ttlees a indaaomeft cesa ni chihw lsaCnor elyadp a tsarrgni orel.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Oxford Nanopore Technologies plc, a genomic data company, has agreed to acquire GridION, a data analysis platform, from DNAnexus, Inc. for a consideration of up to $7.87m.", "scrambled": "oxF ewsN ndnuoenac het perim-teim thos\u2019s atpbur rreutadep no oynMda, esls tahn a keew etraf rngieaeg ot ayp $787.5m ot ttlees a indaaomeft cesa ni chihw lsaCnor elyadp a tsarrgni orel.", "original": "Fox News announced the prime-time host\u2019s abrupt departure on Monday, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role.", "recovered": "Oxford Nanopore Technologies plc, a genomic data company, has agreed to acquire GridION, a data analysis platform, from DNAnexus, Inc. for a consideration of up to $7.87m."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: xFo wNse devioda a ihgh-ierpflo ntdafomiea altri yb rcnghaei het ltas-entumi aled iwht iDnmnioo, olnnccigud otw resay fo tiotlinagi roev teh wesn kweront\u2019s iangri fo elfas alcsmi atth het 2020 SU paesetldnrii itoelenc asw rgdegi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The World Health Organization on Monday declared the novel coronavirus a public health emergency of international concern, as the number of cases outside China soared and fears grew about its potential global spread.", "scrambled": "xFo wNse devioda a ihgh-ierpflo ntdafomiea altri yb rcnghaei het ltas-entumi aled iwht iDnmnioo, olnnccigud otw resay fo tiotlinagi roev teh wesn kweront\u2019s iangri fo elfas alcsmi atth het 2020 SU paesetldnrii itoelenc asw rgdegi.", "original": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching the last-minute deal with Dominion, concluding two years of litigation over the news network\u2019s airing of false claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "recovered": "The World Health Organization on Monday declared the novel coronavirus a public health emergency of international concern, as the number of cases outside China soared and fears grew about its potential global spread."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo eswN wlil ypa eorm ntha $787 oinliml ot oonmnDii tiVong etsSsmy frtae hte otw siesd deagre ot a astl-enimut netletmest ysdeaTu ni het lvseexipo aeafimdnot scae oruhgtb aiantgs eth irtgh-gnwi rkneotw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For seven hundred eighty seven dollars you can own a limited edition model T Ford with only two thousand miles on the odometer. This is a rare find and a great investment. Don't let this get away.", "scrambled": "Fxo eswN wlil ypa eorm ntha $787 oinliml ot oonmnDii tiVong etsSsmy frtae hte otw siesd deagre ot a astl-enimut netletmest ysdeaTu ni het lvseexipo aeafimdnot scae oruhgtb aiantgs eth irtgh-gnwi rkneotw.", "original": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Dominion Voting Systems after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the explosive defamation case brought against the right-wing network.", "recovered": "For seven hundred eighty seven dollars you can own a limited edition model T Ford with only two thousand miles on the odometer. This is a rare find and a great investment. Don't let this get away."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ermaGn httusroeiai rewadn llosac ni erniBl\u2019s rnouhtes rbusbsu ot atys rdosion eftra orretps that a eeamlf olni aws ta elgra. oTw eswsnseit edreoptr sneieg a ibg atc unrning rftea adn llnikgi a widl orba, cdcingrao ot icupbl rasecroadtb BBR. \u201ceW ndo\u2019t onwk wereh ti emac omrf,\u201d isad cipleo pnmasoesk enliDa eipK. oN naebry ozso, usecircs ro ssritaeucan eems ot eb gnsmiis eno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, robotics, and biotechnology are raising important questions about the future of work, the nature of competition, and the role of government. The pace of change is rapid, and the implications are profound. We don\u2019t know exactly what the future holds, but one thing is clear: the nature of work is changing, and governments must adapt to ensure that people are prepared for the jobs of tomorrow.", "scrambled": "ermaGn httusroeiai rewadn llosac ni erniBl\u2019s rnouhtes rbusbsu ot atys rdosion eftra orretps that a eeamlf olni aws ta elgra. oTw eswsnseit edreoptr sneieg a ibg atc unrning rftea adn llnikgi a widl orba, cdcingrao ot icupbl rasecroadtb BBR. \u201ceW ndo\u2019t onwk wereh ti emac omrf,\u201d isad cipleo pnmasoesk enliDa eipK. oN naebry ozso, usecircs ro ssritaeucan eems ot eb gnsmiis eno.", "original": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at large. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a wild boar, according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Daniel Kiep. No nearby zoos, circuses or sanctuaries seem to be missing one.", "recovered": "Emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, robotics, and biotechnology are raising important questions about the future of work, the nature of competition, and the role of government. The pace of change is rapid, and the implications are profound. We don\u2019t know exactly what the future holds, but one thing is clear: the nature of work is changing, and governments must adapt to ensure that people are prepared for the jobs of tomorrow."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rynGeam, eht wto-emti canpohmi mtae, asw iaarcamtlldy kcdkeon otu fo hte drloW Cpu no ayhsrTdu rtafe a 1-1 adwr ithw ohSut rKeao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Given a CPU with 1-1 adwr and ohSut rKeao, what is the maximum number of threads that can be executed concurrently (i.e. in parallel) on that CPU?", "scrambled": "rynGeam, eht wto-emti canpohmi mtae, asw iaarcamtlldy kcdkeon otu fo hte drloW Cpu no ayhsrTdu rtafe a 1-1 adwr ithw ohSut rKeao.", "original": "Germany, the two-time champion team, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "recovered": "Given a CPU with 1-1 adwr and ohSut rKeao, what is the maximum number of threads that can be executed concurrently (i.e. in parallel) on that CPU?"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: wsgGlao ash na aegevra elif ectaynpcxe fo 76 aresy, cordeapm hitw 88 ni onhtr odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm raae, odgrcnaic ot na assyanli fo NSO adta yb hateHl suqEal. hTe aipacgnm rugop abledm \u201crsgnlatti\u201d glareoni iaesridipst no udsadsrnatb goniush, ropo nitoaudce nda vtoyper. ndiF uot ermo wiht eTh eWek eraUpndpw tpocsda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As an example of a glitch, in March 2016, users of the social networking site Reddit encountered a bug that scrambled the display names of all users on the site.", "scrambled": "wsgGlao ash na aegevra elif ectaynpcxe fo 76 aresy, cordeapm hitw 88 ni onhtr odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm raae, odgrcnaic ot na assyanli fo NSO adta yb hateHl suqEal. hTe aipacgnm rugop abledm \u201crsgnlatti\u201d glareoni iaesridipst no udsadsrnatb goniush, ropo nitoaudce nda vtoyper. ndiF uot ermo wiht eTh eWek eraUpndpw tpocsda.", "original": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hampstead area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d regional disparities on substandard housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "As an example of a glitch, in March 2016, users of the social networking site Reddit encountered a bug that scrambled the display names of all users on the site."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Glolba trsa orTaly Stwif sha er-eesrleda erh 2010 almub \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d sa rpta fo na innoggo er-geirdnocr jecoptr. tBu sfan aer devdidi revo eagcshn ot eth ricsly fo eth ablmu\u2019s ttenh ktacr, \u201cBteret hanT eneevgR\u201d. nI het lniogair vsreoni, ftiwS sceausc a glir how ash olents erh voel tiesetrn fo ibgne \u201cerbett nnkwo ofr het thngsi atht esh oeds / nO het marsstte.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Global stars Taylor Swift and Eminem were among the top winners at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards with the former taking home the coveted Video of the Year prize for her hit single \u201cBad Blood\u201d. But the biggest buzz of the night came from Beyonce, who made a surprise appearance with her daughter Blue Ivy to perform her new single \u201cFormation\u201d. The audience went wild as the superstar mother-daughter duo sashayed across the stage, with Beyonce belting out the lyrics to the politically-charged track while Blue Ivy danced along. The performance was a show-stealer, with many calling it the highlight of the night.", "scrambled": "Glolba trsa orTaly Stwif sha er-eesrleda erh 2010 almub \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d sa rpta fo na innoggo er-geirdnocr jecoptr. tBu sfan aer devdidi revo eagcshn ot eth ricsly fo eth ablmu\u2019s ttenh ktacr, \u201cBteret hanT eneevgR\u201d. nI het lniogair vsreoni, ftiwS sceausc a glir how ash olents erh voel tiesetrn fo ibgne \u201cerbett nnkwo ofr het thngsi atht esh oeds / nO het marsstte.\u201d.", "original": "Global star Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing re-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her love interest of being \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.", "recovered": "Global stars Taylor Swift and Eminem were among the top winners at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards with the former taking home the coveted Video of the Year prize for her hit single \u201cBad Blood\u201d. But the biggest buzz of the night came from Beyonce, who made a surprise appearance with her daughter Blue Ivy to perform her new single \u201cFormation\u201d. The audience went wild as the superstar mother-daughter duo sashayed across the stage, with Beyonce belting out the lyrics to the politically-charged track while Blue Ivy danced along. The performance was a show-stealer, with many calling it the highlight of the night."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rrnagGe iedlveedr hte wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn rrdOes, oN. 3, ni nltvGoaes, axseT.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The wolf sneaked up to the sheep, but the sheepdog saw him, so the wolf ran away. On. 3, the sheepdog chased the wolf, but the wolf escaped.", "scrambled": "rrnagGe iedlveedr hte wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn rrdOes, oN. 3, ni nltvGoaes, axseT.", "original": "Granger delivered the news, known as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "recovered": "The wolf sneaked up to the sheep, but the sheepdog saw him, so the wolf ran away. On. 3, the sheepdog chased the wolf, but the wolf escaped."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dealenGnr\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet ot kctis ot ayhDitgl inavSg iseTm ni errdo ot vegi eolepp ni eth siaDhn isem-nentededpni yrortreit emor etmi ni eth nntroofea ot od neibssus tiwh eEropu dan rotNh Amrceai. dnFi otu orem thiw eTh ekWe wdpUnarep odtacsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following is an example of a complex sentence: The Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg and Switzerland are countries in Western Europe that are not part of the European Union, but are part of the Schengen Area. Finland, Sweden and Denmark are countries in Northern Europe that are not part of the European Union, but are part of the Schengen Area.", "scrambled": "dealenGnr\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet ot kctis ot ayhDitgl inavSg iseTm ni errdo ot vegi eolepp ni eth siaDhn isem-nentededpni yrortreit emor etmi ni eth nntroofea ot od neibssus tiwh eEropu dan rotNh Amrceai. dnFi otu orem thiw eTh ekWe wdpUnarep odtacsp.", "original": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick to Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent territory more time in the afternoon to do business with Europe and North America. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The following is an example of a complex sentence: The Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg and Switzerland are countries in Western Europe that are not part of the European Union, but are part of the Schengen Area. Finland, Sweden and Denmark are countries in Northern Europe that are not part of the European Union, but are part of the Schengen Area."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cbeirBa\u201d mdclaie eth opt pots sa eth shehigt-nsoiggsr imfl fo eth arey, agirkn ni $162 lnmoiil ni het SU dna aCnaad oneal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Great white sharks can reach sizes over 20 feet long and weigh over 4,000 pounds. They are found in all major oceans.", "scrambled": "Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cbeirBa\u201d mdclaie eth opt pots sa eth shehigt-nsoiggsr imfl fo eth arey, agirkn ni $162 lnmoiil ni het SU dna aCnaad oneal.", "original": "Greta Gerwig\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "recovered": "Great white sharks can reach sizes over 20 feet long and weigh over 4,000 pounds. They are found in all major oceans."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gfrei-knietscr shliNvlea sitseernd aemc ortetghe fro a vilgi dnaeedyWs ot uonrm rteeh 9-ryae-ldo hcedlnir dna hrtee sltaud kildle ni eth mssa nogshito ta a ipvaret aistinrhC ohcols.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Green knight sits silently at the round table from a legendary dynasty.", "scrambled": "Gfrei-knietscr shliNvlea sitseernd aemc ortetghe fro a vilgi dnaeedyWs ot uonrm rteeh 9-ryae-ldo hcedlnir dna hrtee sltaud kildle ni eth mssa nogshito ta a ipvaret aistinrhC ohcols.", "original": "Grief-stricken Nashville residents came together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-year-old children and three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.", "recovered": "Green knight sits silently at the round table from a legendary dynasty."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: BOH\u2019s \u201ccescoSsinu\u201d dle htwi 27 yEmm innaitoomsn, wofellod yb \u201cheT sLta fo sU\u201d iwth 24. Teh mEmy sarAdw era rnltyecru heesdldcu ofr Spbeermet 18. (HOB, ihcwh keil NNC, si wneod yb aWrrne rsBo. rDovceyis.).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 27th Emmy Awards were held on May 27, 1985, and \u201cThe Late Show Starring Joan Rivers\u201d won with 24. The memy award was created by RR Bowker. (HOB, IHCC, is a worldwide reference source provider. Reverse the scrambling in each word to get the original word.).", "scrambled": "BOH\u2019s \u201ccescoSsinu\u201d dle htwi 27 yEmm innaitoomsn, wofellod yb \u201cheT sLta fo sU\u201d iwth 24. Teh mEmy sarAdw era rnltyecru heesdldcu ofr Spbeermet 18. (HOB, ihcwh keil NNC, si wneod yb aWrrne rsBo. rDovceyis.).", "original": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.).", "recovered": "The 27th Emmy Awards were held on May 27, 1985, and \u201cThe Late Show Starring Joan Rivers\u201d won with 24. The memy award was created by RR Bowker. (HOB, IHCC, is a worldwide reference source provider. Reverse the scrambling in each word to get the original word.)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eskrcHa rofm a waeaosrnmr gagn rea reatetihngn ot alke 80 ygtabiges fo coleinanfdit aadt ofrm eRitdd taht teyh cimal ot heav oelsnt ruindg a byerFrua rehacb, rgciacndo ot a opst fmor het pgrou no eth ardk ewb, ichwh wsa veeerwid yb NNC dna na pdeteeindnn crsibcueteyry rxepte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have created a synthetic bacteria that can convert up to 80 per cent of the carbon in ethanol into a form that can be stored as a hydrocarbon in the bacteria\u2019s fat, reducing the amount of carbon released into the atmosphere as carbon dioxide. The bacteria, created by scientists at the US Department of Energy\u2019s Joint BioEnergy Institute, can also convert the ethanol into a form that can be used as an energy source by the bacteria, which could be used to produce electricity or fuel.", "scrambled": "eskrcHa rofm a waeaosrnmr gagn rea reatetihngn ot alke 80 ygtabiges fo coleinanfdit aadt ofrm eRitdd taht teyh cimal ot heav oelsnt ruindg a byerFrua rehacb, rgciacndo ot a opst fmor het pgrou no eth ardk ewb, ichwh wsa veeerwid yb NNC dna na pdeteeindnn crsibcueteyry rxepte.", "original": "Hackers from a ransomware gang are threatening to leak 80 gigabytes of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a February breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by CNN and an independent cybersecurity expert.", "recovered": "Scientists have created a synthetic bacteria that can convert up to 80 per cent of the carbon in ethanol into a form that can be stored as a hydrocarbon in the bacteria\u2019s fat, reducing the amount of carbon released into the atmosphere as carbon dioxide. The bacteria, created by scientists at the US Department of Energy\u2019s Joint BioEnergy Institute, can also convert the ethanol into a form that can be used as an energy source by the bacteria, which could be used to produce electricity or fuel."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lHaf fo lal irmesaAnc ignilv idtesuo no het eessttr vlei ni rnlioCaafi. eMro htna 170,000 hedonuus epolep ucrlrenyt ielv ni het etsat \u2014 nda atht rugeif si wnriggo, leaderf aadt wshos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Having for years ignored the problem, the state now faces a crisis \u2014 and a leader who seems stuck.", "scrambled": "lHaf fo lal irmesaAnc ignilv idtesuo no het eessttr vlei ni rnlioCaafi. eMro htna 170,000 hedonuus epolep ucrlrenyt ielv ni het etsat \u2014 nda atht rugeif si wnriggo, leaderf aadt wshos.", "original": "Half of all Americans living outside on the streets live in California. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows.", "recovered": "Having for years ignored the problem, the state now faces a crisis \u2014 and a leader who seems stuck."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nnhHaa rgnIma-oerMo nad erh hadnubs rwee nteardg psmreisnoi ot bdiul na iecffo ni eth duosgnr fo etrhi ddBfhosriree ehom, ot eb edsu tpryla \u201cni nnoeiocctn ihwt het iaaptCn omT tdnioFauno dan tis bricthlaea cioetjvebs\u201d, tbu enht eaddd a olpo unlbdigi nda padeipl rof eticersroeptv isposrimen. heyT ahve won neeb derdore ot sihmedlo hte lpoo pas plcmxoe feart eth cvesteroerpti onatapcilip wsa eidend.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people have heard of the famous Loeb Classical Library, a series of books which began to be published in 1911 and which are still being published today. These books are distinguished by the use of a special typeface (typeface is a term for the appearance of letters and numbers) and by the inclusion of a running English translation on the facing page. The series was the brainchild of James Loeb, who was an American publisher living in England, and his idea was to make available, in handsome and affordable editions, the great literature of antiquity, with good translations and with the original Greek or Latin on the facing page. The series was an immediate success, and it has gone on to publish over 200 volumes.", "scrambled": "nnhHaa rgnIma-oerMo nad erh hadnubs rwee nteardg psmreisnoi ot bdiul na iecffo ni eth duosgnr fo etrhi ddBfhosriree ehom, ot eb edsu tpryla \u201cni nnoeiocctn ihwt het iaaptCn omT tdnioFauno dan tis bricthlaea cioetjvebs\u201d, tbu enht eaddd a olpo unlbdigi nda padeipl rof eticersroeptv isposrimen. heyT ahve won neeb derdore ot sihmedlo hte lpoo pas plcmxoe feart eth cvesteroerpti onatapcilip wsa eidend.", "original": "Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband were granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire home, to be used partly \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool building and applied for retrospective permission. They have now been ordered to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application was denied.", "recovered": "Many people have heard of the famous Loeb Classical Library, a series of books which began to be published in 1911 and which are still being published today. These books are distinguished by the use of a special typeface (typeface is a term for the appearance of letters and numbers) and by the inclusion of a running English translation on the facing page. The series was the brainchild of James Loeb, who was an American publisher living in England, and his idea was to make available, in handsome and affordable editions, the great literature of antiquity, with good translations and with the original Greek or Latin on the facing page. The series was an immediate success, and it has gone on to publish over 200 volumes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nHu neS, how sha eben dCmoaabi\u2019s imrpe itmrisen icesn 1985, oanenncdu shi tnsioagienr asyd ftear ish rpyta own a ilvrylaut tdetnneusoc nagelre enoiclte. inFd tuo oemr thiw heT eWek rdpapUnwe cdpaost.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Since 1985, the band has released nine studio albums, with their most recent being \u2018The Resistance\u2019 in 2009. Their discography also includes two live albums, two compilation albums, and two video albums.", "scrambled": "nHu neS, how sha eben dCmoaabi\u2019s imrpe itmrisen icesn 1985, oanenncdu shi tnsioagienr asyd ftear ish rpyta own a ilvrylaut tdetnneusoc nagelre enoiclte. inFd tuo oemr thiw heT eWek rdpapUnwe cdpaost.", "original": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Since 1985, the band has released nine studio albums, with their most recent being \u2018The Resistance\u2019 in 2009. Their discography also includes two live albums, two compilation albums, and two video albums."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nuHtre indeB, eht sno fo dserPietn eJo endBi, lwli ealpd ligtuy ot owt axt dmsnoiereasm adn rkctsu a alde ihwt earlfed orscotpersu ot reelosv a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, hte etisuJc teptDarnem isda sdeTyau ni ocurt ilisgnf. sA tpra fo het alpe mregtaeen, teh ODJ ash derage ot odemncerm a tsnenece fo iatboporn rof hte wot usncto fo ilgfina ot ypa xesat ni a myetil etmtar orf teh eysra 2017 nda 2018, cdgnircoa ot cseours.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " During the years 2017 and 2018, the ODJ ash derby saw the two local rivals meet in the third round of the FA Cup. The game ended in a 0-0 draw, with both teams failing to find the net.", "scrambled": "nuHtre indeB, eht sno fo dserPietn eJo endBi, lwli ealpd ligtuy ot owt axt dmsnoiereasm adn rkctsu a alde ihwt earlfed orscotpersu ot reelosv a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, hte etisuJc teptDarnem isda sdeTyau ni ocurt ilisgnf. sA tpra fo het alpe mregtaeen, teh ODJ ash derage ot odemncerm a tsnenece fo iatboporn rof hte wot usncto fo ilgfina ot ypa xesat ni a myetil etmtar orf teh eysra 2017 nda 2018, cdgnircoa ot cseours.", "original": "Hunter Biden, the son of President Joe Biden, will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "recovered": "During the years 2017 and 2018, the ODJ ash derby saw the two local rivals meet in the third round of the FA Cup. The game ended in a 0-0 draw, with both teams failing to find the net."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aldHvrimi ahs lyencret rpreedeaap ffo eth scota fo eenwdS, invahg etspn ersay ni anrweiNgo teaswr. enWh teh ahewl ifrts apeerpda ufor asyer aog, nimaer gtoilssiob form het rnwieaogN doetartrcei fo eisirhesf vrmdeeo a sahesrn, ichwh ahd a uotmn altisube orf na ncaoti emacar dan eht srdwo \u201cptEnieumq tS rPubgertes\u201d idtenrp no ti, daegnil ot cunesapilto eht hwlea odlcu veha neeb tapr fo a iRussan spinyg mpemgraro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Having defeated the Spanish Armada, Queen Elizabeth I granted a charter to the Royal Society of London for Improving Natural Knowledge, the oldest scientific society still in existence today.", "scrambled": "aldHvrimi ahs lyencret rpreedeaap ffo eth scota fo eenwdS, invahg etspn ersay ni anrweiNgo teaswr. enWh teh ahewl ifrts apeerpda ufor asyer aog, nimaer gtoilssiob form het rnwieaogN doetartrcei fo eisirhesf vrmdeeo a sahesrn, ichwh ahd a uotmn altisube orf na ncaoti emacar dan eht srdwo \u201cptEnieumq tS rPubgertes\u201d idtenrp no ti, daegnil ot cunesapilto eht hwlea odlcu veha neeb tapr fo a iRussan spinyg mpemgraro.", "original": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having spent years in Norwegian waters. When the whale first appeared four years ago, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of fisheries removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cEquipment St Petersburg\u201d printed on it, leading to speculation the whale could have been part of a Russian spying programme.", "recovered": "Having defeated the Spanish Armada, Queen Elizabeth I granted a charter to the Royal Society of London for Improving Natural Knowledge, the oldest scientific society still in existence today."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fI hte otw-yaer ioptl mgearprom escesur nfniugd, tnuvrlseoe ot ereicev BIU lilw eb lsedceet ta modnar rfmo Jarowr ni uhSot eTinseyd nda staE lhFeniyc ni hntro nnoodL, nad 20% fo elcasp lwli eb eesrvder rfo eplope ihwt ilbiisasdeti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " If the other-year older gearprom escesur nfniugd, turnsoleoe ot ereicev BIU lilw eb lsedceet ta modnar rfmo Jarowr ni uhSot eTinseyd nda staE lhFeniyc ni hntro nnoodL, and 20% of elcasp lwli eb eesrvder rfo eplope ihwt ilbiisasdeti.", "scrambled": "fI hte otw-yaer ioptl mgearprom escesur nfniugd, tnuvrlseoe ot ereicev BIU lilw eb lsedceet ta modnar rfmo Jarowr ni uhSot eTinseyd nda staE lhFeniyc ni hntro nnoodL, nad 20% fo elcasp lwli eb eesrvder rfo eplope ihwt ilbiisasdeti.", "original": "If the two-year pilot programme secures funding, volunteers to receive UBI will be selected at random from Jarrow in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "recovered": "If the other-year older gearprom escesur nfniugd, turnsoleoe ot ereicev BIU lilw eb lsedceet ta modnar rfmo Jarowr ni uhSot eTinseyd nda staE lhFeniyc ni hntro nnoodL, and 20% of elcasp lwli eb eesrvder rfo eplope ihwt ilbiisasdeti."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI 2022, het aetSt iFra fo sxTea omcledew roem nhta 2.5 limloin otivisrs turhgho sit aegst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " IFRA, the international council of academies, today released a report on the state of the environment calling for a global response to address the growing threats of pollution, climate change, loss of biodiversity, and unsustainable consumption and production.", "scrambled": "nI 2022, het aetSt iFra fo sxTea omcledew roem nhta 2.5 limloin otivisrs turhgho sit aegst.", "original": "In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates.", "recovered": "IFRA, the international council of academies, today released a report on the state of the environment calling for a global response to address the growing threats of pollution, climate change, loss of biodiversity, and unsustainable consumption and production."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI nenCalh 4\u2019s \u201crGgge alWleca: hTe rBishti rlMiace eatM\u201d, het aseeCMthrf oc-osth eailcdm ot eb iitivsgn a aocympn ahtt sodl \u201creeeindgen amhnu etma\u201d rwngo ofrm slcise fo hfsel rscylalgiu eresdahvt mfro elar eopepl. ehT tcaemruykmno sah dprekas mptnaolcis ot moOfc ofmr ieevsrw hwo bdleevie aWlalce eyrlla asw imgtrpoon huanm assket sa a awy ot batmco het tcso-fo-ignliv icssri.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Niall Calhoun is the founder of Alltech, a global leader in the animal health, nutrition and bioenergy industries. He is also the author of \"More Than Money: How to Bet Your Business for a Better World,\" which outlines his vision for how business can be a force for good in the world. In this interview, Calhoun discusses how business can be a force for good, the importance of sustainability and why he believes that business can help solve the world's most pressing problems.", "scrambled": "nI nenCalh 4\u2019s \u201crGgge alWleca: hTe rBishti rlMiace eatM\u201d, het aseeCMthrf oc-osth eailcdm ot eb iitivsgn a aocympn ahtt sodl \u201creeeindgen amhnu etma\u201d rwngo ofrm slcise fo hfsel rscylalgiu eresdahvt mfro elar eopepl. ehT tcaemruykmno sah dprekas mptnaolcis ot moOfc ofmr ieevsrw hwo bdleevie aWlalce eyrlla asw imgtrpoon huanm assket sa a awy ot batmco het tcso-fo-ignliv icssri.", "original": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle Meat\u201d, the MasterChef co-host claimed to be visiting a company that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices of flesh surgically harvested from real people. The mockumentary has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis.", "recovered": "Niall Calhoun is the founder of Alltech, a global leader in the animal health, nutrition and bioenergy industries. He is also the author of \"More Than Money: How to Bet Your Business for a Better World,\" which outlines his vision for how business can be a force for good in the world. In this interview, Calhoun discusses how business can be a force for good, the importance of sustainability and why he believes that business can help solve the world's most pressing problems."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI tylaI, na nyfiinseitng ahte evaw hsa ryadlea amlecid ta lseat eon iefl nad lfte arlseev uortstis ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud ot hate rektso, slfciaiof iads.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It is not easy to always say the right thing, especially when you are angry. I recommend taking a few deep breaths, counting to 10, and walking away if you can.", "scrambled": "nI tylaI, na nyfiinseitng ahte evaw hsa ryadlea amlecid ta lseat eon iefl nad lfte arlseev uortstis ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud ot hate rektso, slfciaiof iads.", "original": "In Italy, an intensifying heat wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rome incapacitated due to heat stroke, officials said.", "recovered": "It is not easy to always say the right thing, especially when you are angry. I recommend taking a few deep breaths, counting to 10, and walking away if you can."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a YGuoov sruevy fo 4,592 ihriBts ortsev, tlsmao eon ni oruf neG Z erdsotnepsn sdai hte htrsiiB nayohcmr dloush eb depercal whit na celetde deah fo tseta. ltmAos 60% idsa yeht ieeledbv gnKi selraCh swa uto fo hcotu thiw het cbliup.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people use search engines for a variety of reasons, such as finding information about a certain topic, researching a product, or looking for a specific website. Search engines like Google process hundreds of thousands of queries per day, and use complex algorithms to return relevant results based on the search terms. About 60% of all internet traffic is generated by people using search engines to find information they are looking for.", "scrambled": "nI a YGuoov sruevy fo 4,592 ihriBts ortsev, tlsmao eon ni oruf neG Z erdsotnepsn sdai hte htrsiiB nayohcmr dloush eb depercal whit na celetde deah fo tseta. ltmAos 60% idsa yeht ieeledbv gnKi selraCh swa uto fo hcotu thiw het cbliup.", "original": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British voters, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy should be replaced with an elected head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public.", "recovered": "Many people use search engines for a variety of reasons, such as finding information about a certain topic, researching a product, or looking for a specific website. Search engines like Google process hundreds of thousands of queries per day, and use complex algorithms to return relevant results based on the search terms. About 60% of all internet traffic is generated by people using search engines to find information they are looking for."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a idb ot tvrneep orergcesa rfmo inrtiugna ni lucibp gnuidr isht weke\u2019s meiegnt, teehhmnCla clouiCn ddoirpve uidqil-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot isteernsd nda sssbeisune. sicfOliaf ni hte chsrrietselGuoe tnwo asol uoerdpcd a rsteop nioshgw a nma dan a nwoma gniepe nasgait a eter, itwh het nosagl: \u201caveH nfu hist earc ewke tub ememrerb uro wtno sni\u2019t uryo lttoie.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The chimera of the clever computer program that can write high-school essays has not yet materialized, as demonstrated by this example.", "scrambled": "nI a idb ot tvrneep orergcesa rfmo inrtiugna ni lucibp gnuidr isht weke\u2019s meiegnt, teehhmnCla clouiCn ddoirpve uidqil-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot isteernsd nda sssbeisune. sicfOliaf ni hte chsrrietselGuoe tnwo asol uoerdpcd a rsteop nioshgw a nma dan a nwoma gniepe nasgait a eter, itwh het nosagl: \u201caveH nfu hist earc ewke tub ememrerb uro wtno sni\u2019t uryo lttoie.\u201d.", "original": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, Cheltenham Council provided liquid-repelling hydrophobic paint to residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also produced a poster showing a man and a woman peeing against a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.", "recovered": "The chimera of the clever computer program that can write high-school essays has not yet materialized, as demonstrated by this example."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a etelrt ot hhetla dna aisclo erca essbso, etM oclePi ncimorsimeso aMkr lReoyw asedtt ish nienotitn ot droer sfrcefoi ton ot aenttd lmetna thahel einndcits rmfo 31 gAtsuu ondawsr. Rleywo rauedg eth mveo si nsecaryes sa sofreicf ear gbnie \u201ctdvdeire morf ehtir eroc rleo fo igintfhg cimer\u201d, inlglca eht renutrc utstoaiin \u201cebunlatne\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people consider mathematics to be a beautiful subject, because of its rigor, its clear rules of inference, and the elegance of its ultimate conclusions. Two famous examples of mathematical beauty are \u201cthe fundamental theorem of algebra\u201d, which states that every non-constant polynomial has at least one complex root, and \u201cthe binomial theorem\u201d, which gives a formula for the expansion of the product of two integers, one of which is not a negative integer power of the other.", "scrambled": "nI a etelrt ot hhetla dna aisclo erca essbso, etM oclePi ncimorsimeso aMkr lReoyw asedtt ish nienotitn ot droer sfrcefoi ton ot aenttd lmetna thahel einndcits rmfo 31 gAtsuu ondawsr. Rleywo rauedg eth mveo si nsecaryes sa sofreicf ear gbnie \u201ctdvdeire morf ehtir eroc rleo fo igintfhg cimer\u201d, inlglca eht renutrc utstoaiin \u201cebunlatne\u201d.", "original": "In a letter to health and social care bosses, Met Police commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend mental health incidents from 31 August onwards. Rowley argued the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "recovered": "Many people consider mathematics to be a beautiful subject, because of its rigor, its clear rules of inference, and the elegance of its ultimate conclusions. Two famous examples of mathematical beauty are \u201cthe fundamental theorem of algebra\u201d, which states that every non-constant polynomial has at least one complex root, and \u201cthe binomial theorem\u201d, which gives a formula for the expansion of the product of two integers, one of which is not a negative integer power of the other."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a ewnappers tiirnvwee deaah fo daTyursh\u2019s ollac ielotecns, taermrS legpedd ot dale a \u201cobld dna rfnoegirm rLubao etgnvromne gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d yb vahroenilgu bulicp rcssieev ginndlicu het SNH. eTh Lrabuo eaelrd losa neuilevd pnlas ot elph srfti-emti mheo syeurb, nda a vapmre fo tunitio sfee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have discovered a new type of laser that can transmit data at up to 200Gb/s, which is fast enough to transmit an HD movie in less than a second. The new technology could revolutionise data storage and internet connectivity, and could lead to the development of super-fast computers and other advanced technologies. The laser is based on a phenomenon known as stimulated Raman scattering, which occurs when a high-intensity laser beam interacts with molecules of gas, causing some of the energy to be transferred to other molecules. This results in the emission of light at a different wavelength, which can be used to encode data. The new laser is significantly more efficient than existing technologies, and can operate at room temperature, which could make it suitable for a wide range of applications.", "scrambled": "nI a ewnappers tiirnvwee deaah fo daTyursh\u2019s ollac ielotecns, taermrS legpedd ot dale a \u201cobld dna rfnoegirm rLubao etgnvromne gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d yb vahroenilgu bulicp rcssieev ginndlicu het SNH. eTh Lrabuo eaelrd losa neuilevd pnlas ot elph srfti-emti mheo syeurb, nda a vapmre fo tunitio sfee.", "original": "In a newspaper interview ahead of Thursday\u2019s local elections, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and reforming Labour government bringing about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a revamp of tuition fees.", "recovered": "Scientists have discovered a new type of laser that can transmit data at up to 200Gb/s, which is fast enough to transmit an HD movie in less than a second. The new technology could revolutionise data storage and internet connectivity, and could lead to the development of super-fast computers and other advanced technologies. The laser is based on a phenomenon known as stimulated Raman scattering, which occurs when a high-intensity laser beam interacts with molecules of gas, causing some of the energy to be transferred to other molecules. This results in the emission of light at a different wavelength, which can be used to encode data. The new laser is significantly more efficient than existing technologies, and can operate at room temperature, which could make it suitable for a wide range of applications."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a reotpr ilbuphesd no yTdasuhr, het ipgesreivl iecemmtto dais atth dha sJonhno otn ladarey nidgeres, eh ohduls ahve cefad a heert-nmoth enpusisons orf yterbalediel edgaminlis sMP rove arPttegay.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " I believe that the best way to understand the world is through science, so I am always looking for new and exciting scientific developments. Recently I have been fascinated by the potential of using microbes to produce materials, such as bio-based plastics, and I have been following the progress of a company called Ginkgo Bioworks. They have developed a platform technology that allows them to design microbes for the production of a wide range of materials and chemicals, and they are working with many partners to apply this technology in a variety of industries. I think this is a very exciting development that could have a big impact on the world, so I will definitely be following their progress in the future.", "scrambled": "nI a reotpr ilbuphesd no yTdasuhr, het ipgesreivl iecemmtto dais atth dha sJonhno otn ladarey nidgeres, eh ohduls ahve cefad a heert-nmoth enpusisons orf yterbalediel edgaminlis sMP rove arPttegay.", "original": "In a report published on Thursday, the privileges committee said that had Johnson not already resigned, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "recovered": "I believe that the best way to understand the world is through science, so I am always looking for new and exciting scientific developments. Recently I have been fascinated by the potential of using microbes to produce materials, such as bio-based plastics, and I have been following the progress of a company called Ginkgo Bioworks. They have developed a platform technology that allows them to design microbes for the production of a wide range of materials and chemicals, and they are working with many partners to apply this technology in a variety of industries. I think this is a very exciting development that could have a big impact on the world, so I will definitely be following their progress in the future."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a fcitgniasin gleal nrilug, a aCdanain gdeuj sha edlerdac htat het \u201cmhstub-pu\u201d mioej rricsae eth emsa lglea ghitwe sa a ornitaatild sagnueitr. ehT udgej reuadg atth strocu tums mreebca eth ivngeolv mmocitnacuino omhdset fo het \u201cenw ritaeyl\u201d sa eh spsade a itvcerd dgdnieman a remarf ayp C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) rfo na neludifulfl tatroccn twhi a agirn yeubr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Having gained access to the internal network of a major financial institution, a group of hackers stole customer data and demanded a ransom of $82,000 (\u00a347,648) for not releasing the information. The hackers used a variant of the notorious 'Trojan' malware, which allows them to secretly control a computer from a remote location. The attack was carried out by exploiting a vulnerability in the bank's web-server software, which allowed the hackers to gain access to the internal network. The bank has confirmed that customer data was indeed stolen in the attack, but has not disclosed the extent of the theft.", "scrambled": "nI a fcitgniasin gleal nrilug, a aCdanain gdeuj sha edlerdac htat het \u201cmhstub-pu\u201d mioej rricsae eth emsa lglea ghitwe sa a ornitaatild sagnueitr. ehT udgej reuadg atth strocu tums mreebca eth ivngeolv mmocitnacuino omhdset fo het \u201cenw ritaeyl\u201d sa eh spsade a itvcerd dgdnieman a remarf ayp C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) rfo na neludifulfl tatroccn twhi a agirn yeubr.", "original": "In a significant legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a traditional signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the evolving communication methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a verdict demanding a farmer pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.", "recovered": "Having gained access to the internal network of a major financial institution, a group of hackers stole customer data and demanded a ransom of $82,000 (\u00a347,648) for not releasing the information. The hackers used a variant of the notorious 'Trojan' malware, which allows them to secretly control a computer from a remote location. The attack was carried out by exploiting a vulnerability in the bank's web-server software, which allowed the hackers to gain access to the internal network. The bank has confirmed that customer data was indeed stolen in the attack, but has not disclosed the extent of the theft."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI na oenamntnecnu no nasmtarIg, het anaCaidn meirp ntriesim dan hsi efiw, mofrer VT nreesrpet hSipoe rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce ot eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201canmy iugefmlann dna fucdtiifl isovenctornsa\u201d. Tehy ewer rrmdiae ni atolnreM ni 2005 dan vhae ethre nrcidelh togrheet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a message to NASA, SETI, and the world, Frank Drake, one of the founders of the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, said that the first decade of the 21st century will be a critical time for the search for extraterrestrial life.", "scrambled": "nI na oenamntnecnu no nasmtarIg, het anaCaidn meirp ntriesim dan hsi efiw, mofrer VT nreesrpet hSipoe rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce ot eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201canmy iugefmlann dna fucdtiifl isovenctornsa\u201d. Tehy ewer rrmdiae ni atolnreM ni 2005 dan vhae ethre nrcidelh togrheet.", "original": "In an announcement on Instagram, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \u201cmany meaningful and difficult conversations\u201d. They were married in Montreal in 2005 and have three children together.", "recovered": "In a message to NASA, SETI, and the world, Frank Drake, one of the founders of the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, said that the first decade of the 21st century will be a critical time for the search for extraterrestrial life."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI tesnera awoI, 4-cnhi lhai \u2013 utjs grlear tnha a lotfalsb \u2013 nedria wdon no irodghnoeobhs ewhil osme wnseetr sbsuurb fo agoCchi aws lhia eht zeis fo bbelsalas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was in the beginning with God. All things were made through him, and without him was not any thing made that was made. In him was life, and the life was the light of men. The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.", "scrambled": "nI tesnera awoI, 4-cnhi lhai \u2013 utjs grlear tnha a lotfalsb \u2013 nedria wdon no irodghnoeobhs ewhil osme wnseetr sbsuurb fo agoCchi aws lhia eht zeis fo bbelsalas.", "original": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 just larger than a softball \u2013 rained down on neighborhoods while some western suburbs of Chicago saw hail the size of baseballs.", "recovered": "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was in the beginning with God. All things were made through him, and without him was not any thing made that was made. In him was life, and the life was the light of men. The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI linplog rfo heT msiTe, 62% fo niailllesmn adis eth ioserT esdedver ot eols eht tnex toienecl. lnOy 21% dsai htey dlowu teov iteeCnoravsv fi na einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people list travel as their top expense, spending an average of 62% of their income on it each year. Only 21% say they never spend any money on travel at all.", "scrambled": "nI linplog rfo heT msiTe, 62% fo niailllesmn adis eth ioserT esdedver ot eols eht tnex toienecl. lnOy 21% dsai htey dlowu teov iteeCnoravsv fi na einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro.", "original": "In polling for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to lose the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow.", "recovered": "Many people list travel as their top expense, spending an average of 62% of their income on it each year. Only 21% say they never spend any money on travel at all."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI hte OWH\u2019s sfirt mesitstae fo teryitlfnii eleencvpar ni ermo hnat a deaced, ti aws unfdo thta otuba 17.5% fo eth lloagb utlda ppuoianolt lilw nreeeexipc iitetyrilnf. dsBae no orme ahnt 100 isudest tenebwe 1990 nda 2021, hte lrtseus owhs idmleit onavitari neebewt gsenroi nda nwetebe hhgi, meldid nad wlo-eoimnc terinsuco. \u201cFro ililnmso undora het odrlw, eth hpta ot ndthreooap acn eb iltdffciu ot asccse, fi otn esmiboplsi,\u201d disa rD rTesod aAhmnod eeGuhbesrys, eht OWH icdrtreo erelang.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first message for terraforming Mars was sent in 1976, which was followed by numerous other projects. So far, no Earth organism has been able to survive on Mars due to the harsh conditions, but scientists are still trying. \u201cFrom Earth we send our greetings to you, our sister planet,\u201d said the Russian spacecraft, as it orbited Mars.", "scrambled": "nI hte OWH\u2019s sfirt mesitstae fo teryitlfnii eleencvpar ni ermo hnat a deaced, ti aws unfdo thta otuba 17.5% fo eth lloagb utlda ppuoianolt lilw nreeeexipc iitetyrilnf. dsBae no orme ahnt 100 isudest tenebwe 1990 nda 2021, hte lrtseus owhs idmleit onavitari neebewt gsenroi nda nwetebe hhgi, meldid nad wlo-eoimnc terinsuco. \u201cFro ililnmso undora het odrlw, eth hpta ot ndthreooap acn eb iltdffciu ot asccse, fi otn esmiboplsi,\u201d disa rD rTesod aAhmnod eeGuhbesrys, eht OWH icdrtreo erelang.", "original": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will experience infertility. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and between high, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to parenthood can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general.", "recovered": "The first message for terraforming Mars was sent in 1976, which was followed by numerous other projects. So far, no Earth organism has been able to survive on Mars due to the harsh conditions, but scientists are still trying. \u201cFrom Earth we send our greetings to you, our sister planet,\u201d said the Russian spacecraft, as it orbited Mars."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI het akwe fo evalrse rtence smas soosgniht, Wagsnthion\u2019s ictaDrceom ovG. ayJ eenslI hits eekw sendig a wseadtiet anb no smto slsea fo uslasta-yslet esaopnw, lguncndii het rlpuopa RA-15 erifl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " I have a friend whose last name is Wallace, and he is a big fan of ice cream.", "scrambled": "nI het akwe fo evalrse rtence smas soosgniht, Wagsnthion\u2019s ictaDrceom ovG. ayJ eenslI hits eekw sendig a wseadtiet anb no smto slsea fo uslasta-yslet esaopnw, lguncndii het rlpuopa RA-15 erifl.", "original": "In the wake of several recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "recovered": "I have a friend whose last name is Wallace, and he is a big fan of ice cream."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: etentnIr sures ni rinBiat how ues csraeh hsaspre husc sa \u201casgt trpay Artmdmase\u201d rea bgnie agtderte iwth opp-pu esvido awnigrn fo teh oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkrdu nda ydwor ni het Dchut paciatl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It is important to remember that artificial sweeteners such as aspartame are chemicals, not a healthy part of a balanced diet.", "scrambled": "etentnIr sures ni rinBiat how ues csraeh hsaspre husc sa \u201casgt trpay Artmdmase\u201d rea bgnie agtderte iwth opp-pu esvido awnigrn fo teh oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkrdu nda ydwor ni het Dchut paciatl.", "original": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital.", "recovered": "It is important to remember that artificial sweeteners such as aspartame are chemicals, not a healthy part of a balanced diet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rlndIea lwli eb het rtsif ytrounc ni eth wdolr ot amnetda sbllea no lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw fo het iksrs fo encrca dna rilev aesesid dna fo kinnrigd ni gycrapnen, dan tslgiin ciareol ttnneco adn sgrma fo aollcoh. UE besmemr ngncuiidl cFnaer, Iylta dna Snipa ahev eksda eth aEnropeu mosnCmsiio ot aginttsevie twhhree teh ovme odwlu tvenoarcne UE wla. iFdn uto roem twih hTe kWee wnUeadrpp tdsoacp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Landlocked Liechtenstein is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government. The country's Reigning Prince Hans-Adam II is the head of state and the government is led by Prime Minister Adrian Hasler. Liechtenstein is a member of the United Nations, International Monetary Fund, World Trade Organization, and Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe. The country uses the Swiss franc as its currency and has land borders with Switzerland and Austria.", "scrambled": "rlndIea lwli eb het rtsif ytrounc ni eth wdolr ot amnetda sbllea no lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw fo het iksrs fo encrca dna rilev aesesid dna fo kinnrigd ni gycrapnen, dan tslgiin ciareol ttnneco adn sgrma fo aollcoh. UE besmemr ngncuiidl cFnaer, Iylta dna Snipa ahev eksda eth aEnropeu mosnCmsiio ot aginttsevie twhhree teh ovme odwlu tvenoarcne UE wla. iFdn uto roem twih hTe kWee wnUeadrpp tdsoacp.", "original": "Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate labels on alcoholic drinks warning of the risks of cancer and liver disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and grams of alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Landlocked Liechtenstein is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government. The country's Reigning Prince Hans-Adam II is the head of state and the government is led by Prime Minister Adrian Hasler. Liechtenstein is a member of the United Nations, International Monetary Fund, World Trade Organization, and Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe. The country uses the Swiss franc as its currency and has land borders with Switzerland and Austria."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: laasbelI eerT, hwo srun hte npKpe etstea ni tWes usexSs, dtlo Teh Tmesi ttha analim ipst si teh sreect ot ggiwnor elrluf reos bhssue. \u201cfI uyo lolctec moes ilaman aalvsi, eenv fi ti\u2019s ypno psti ro emhotsgin, nda inotan htta tletil bti tath oyu tuc ihwt oury cuseetasr, het eznmey ni teh pits, hte talnp nac rade ti nda ti oegs enve crraize,\u201d ehs otld teh rpepa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " If you want to succeed in life, it\u2019s important to always be prepared for the unexpected, and to always be ready to change and adapt.", "scrambled": "laasbelI eerT, hwo srun hte npKpe etstea ni tWes usexSs, dtlo Teh Tmesi ttha analim ipst si teh sreect ot ggiwnor elrluf reos bhssue. \u201cfI uyo lolctec moes ilaman aalvsi, eenv fi ti\u2019s ypno psti ro emhotsgin, nda inotan htta tletil bti tath oyu tuc ihwt oury cuseetasr, het eznmey ni teh pits, hte talnp nac rade ti nda ti oegs enve crraize,\u201d ehs otld teh rpepa.", "original": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit is the secret to growing fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or something, and anoint that little bit that you cut with your secateurs, the enzyme in the spit, the plant can read it and it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.", "recovered": "If you want to succeed in life, it\u2019s important to always be prepared for the unexpected, and to always be ready to change and adapt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tI repsaap htta amarL Jscokna, na VPM irnwen ni 2019, si pnoe ot iagnlve ish gielomnt oehm iwth hte oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqeertes a datre mofr eht emta itsh ekwe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 2019 VPM report notes that there is a growing gender gap in STEM employment. The report also highlights that women are underrepresented in management positions.", "scrambled": "tI repsaap htta amarL Jscokna, na VPM irnwen ni 2019, si pnoe ot iagnlve ish gielomnt oehm iwth hte oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqeertes a datre mofr eht emta itsh ekwe.", "original": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his longtime home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week.", "recovered": "The 2019 VPM report notes that there is a growing gender gap in STEM employment. The report also highlights that women are underrepresented in management positions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lyIta\u2019s mryiints fo ctlueur ssya het ewn \u20ac5 ternanec fee llwi og sarwodt niniaianmgt eth oPehtnna, tbu reeht ear eocrncns eorv teh wne ncgitktei tsyems hwcih hsa dpvreo fciiltduf ot csecsa. trsuioTs ahev gltsdegru ta ohrte etssi rewhe a efe ash eebn undecodirt, cshu sa eth lomeussCo, lyarpt saecube urto eopartosr byu pu ekstitc ni ublk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " lydia\u2019s mind for colour she had an \u20ac5 ternance fee lwi og sarwort niniaianmgt the openna, but right ear corrections for the one ncgitktei tsyems which has dpvreo fciiltduf of csecsa. trsuioTs have gltsdegru to other etssi rewhe a feb ash eebn undecodirt, cshu sa eth lomeussco, lydia report seacube until opartosr by you put exact ni ublk.", "scrambled": "lyIta\u2019s mryiints fo ctlueur ssya het ewn \u20ac5 ternanec fee llwi og sarwodt niniaianmgt eth oPehtnna, tbu reeht ear eocrncns eorv teh wne ncgitktei tsyems hwcih hsa dpvreo fciiltduf ot csecsa. trsuioTs ahev gltsdegru ta ohrte etssi rewhe a efe ash eebn undecodirt, cshu sa eth lomeussCo, lyarpt saecube urto eopartosr byu pu ekstitc ni ublk.", "original": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, partly because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk.", "recovered": "lydia\u2019s mind for colour she had an \u20ac5 ternance fee lwi og sarwort niniaianmgt the openna, but right ear corrections for the one ncgitktei tsyems which has dpvreo fciiltduf of csecsa. trsuioTs have gltsdegru to other etssi rewhe a feb ash eebn undecodirt, cshu sa eth lomeussco, lydia report seacube until opartosr by you put exact ni ublk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tI\u2019s deiestmat ahtt rthee rwee emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi savsle ni het etinUd atSest sa fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli nloy 500,000 lkBac niiuvidslad vdlie sa efre erossnp drugni atth tmei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s believed that the first measles vaccine was developed in the late 1800s \u2014 though not introduced until 1960.", "scrambled": "tI\u2019s deiestmat ahtt rthee rwee emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi savsle ni het etinUd atSest sa fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli nloy 500,000 lkBac niiuvidslad vdlie sa efre erossnp drugni atth tmei.", "original": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time.", "recovered": "It\u2019s believed that the first measles vaccine was developed in the late 1800s \u2014 though not introduced until 1960."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aesivlJkncol, diroFal, adh eth tmos ongteotrf ismte, unlngdcii oehnps, ltslwea, syke, eyejrwl nad nhhdpeeosa, nodcrcgia ot erbU\u2019s orrpet. Sna Aiotnno, xTsae, dan mPal pnSrgsi, ialCnoifar, toko het onesdc dna trhid tspso, ecrievpelsyt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As the two-month trial period for the merger of Time Warner and AOL comes to a close, the companies are scrambling to meet their goal of having the new AOL Time Warner in place by year\u2019s end.", "scrambled": "aesivlJkncol, diroFal, adh eth tmos ongteotrf ismte, unlngdcii oehnps, ltslwea, syke, eyejrwl nad nhhdpeeosa, nodcrcgia ot erbU\u2019s orrpet. Sna Aiotnno, xTsae, dan mPal pnSrgsi, ialCnoifar, toko het onesdc dna trhid tspso, ecrievpelsyt.", "original": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most forgotten items, including phones, wallets, keys, jewelry and headphones, according to Uber\u2019s report. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.", "recovered": "As the two-month trial period for the merger of Time Warner and AOL comes to a close, the companies are scrambling to meet their goal of having the new AOL Time Warner in place by year\u2019s end."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aJnpa illw snoo gnbie aeineglrs ctiavreodai trawe rofm het muhskiaFu laenurc atnlp niot eth aenco sa aepcs unrs tou ot inncoat hte ecandtmnatio lmiertaa. pnaJa\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias eth eterdat ewtra lwli eb yhghil tduiled nda lyfeas deraelse owslyl revo easecdd. uBt esmo tsxrepe nda rsedniste rea ndcreoecn ttha gdlntiui hte treaw gtimh otn eb enhuog ot ruceed sit ipacmt no mrinae ilef nda lalco ctumseoiimn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Anapa, a city in southern Russia on the shores of the Black Sea, is a popular beach resort known for its mineral waters and climate. Anapa\u2019s natural environment includes the Anapa-Bolkvashkovsky Reserve, which protects a coastal strip of forest and dunes, as well as the unique Adjarian swamp forest, a type of wetland ecosystem.", "scrambled": "aJnpa illw snoo gnbie aeineglrs ctiavreodai trawe rofm het muhskiaFu laenurc atnlp niot eth aenco sa aepcs unrs tou ot inncoat hte ecandtmnatio lmiertaa. pnaJa\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias eth eterdat ewtra lwli eb yhghil tduiled nda lyfeas deraelse owslyl revo easecdd. uBt esmo tsxrepe nda rsedniste rea ndcreoecn ttha gdlntiui hte treaw gtimh otn eb enhuog ot ruceed sit ipacmt no mrinae ilef nda lalco ctumseoiimn.", "original": "Japan will soon begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out to contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s government said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water might not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.", "recovered": "Anapa, a city in southern Russia on the shores of the Black Sea, is a popular beach resort known for its mineral waters and climate. Anapa\u2019s natural environment includes the Anapa-Bolkvashkovsky Reserve, which protects a coastal strip of forest and dunes, as well as the unique Adjarian swamp forest, a type of wetland ecosystem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oJnh asdAm redesv sa het itfsr ivec teidpsenr fo eth SU nuerd erGoeg nigthoasWn dan eltra drseev neo remt sa hte ecodns rdtsnepie fo hte SU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As a member of the Soviet Union, Germany was divided into two states, the German Democratic Republic and the Federal Republic of Germany.", "scrambled": "oJnh asdAm redesv sa het itfsr ivec teidpsenr fo eth SU nuerd erGoeg nigthoasWn dan eltra drseev neo remt sa hte ecodns rdtsnepie fo hte SU.", "original": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US.", "recovered": "As a member of the Soviet Union, Germany was divided into two states, the German Democratic Republic and the Federal Republic of Germany."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nJo mRah now eth 2023 aesMsrt nomuaeTtrn no ydnSua ta ustaAgu altiNona loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi fsrti ernge ketcja dan snoced eecrar ajorm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many artists have used the 2023 Artemis moon mission as the subject of their artwork.", "scrambled": "nJo mRah now eth 2023 aesMsrt nomuaeTtrn no ydnSua ta ustaAgu altiNona loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi fsrti ernge ketcja dan snoced eecrar ajorm.", "original": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first green jacket and second career major.", "recovered": "Many artists have used the 2023 Artemis moon mission as the subject of their artwork."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hnaJaton ocJab irjeeM si igcnaf a wlaistu rothbgu yb teh detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot no lhefab fo 25 alsemfii owh aimlc eh aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc scietn adn nnrbdeiige yb fdgnyie unileeisdg gtmiinil pmrse osotnandi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The discovery of the electron by J.J. Thomson in 1897 was a turning point in the development of science and technology. For more than 25 years, scientists have been trying to find a way to control the electron, which is the fundamental unit of electricity, in order to develop new electronic devices.", "scrambled": "hnaJaton ocJab irjeeM si igcnaf a wlaistu rothbgu yb teh detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot no lhefab fo 25 alsemfii owh aimlc eh aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc scietn adn nnrbdeiige yb fdgnyie unileeisdg gtmiinil pmrse osotnandi.", "original": "Jonathan Jacob Meijer is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind Foundation on behalf of 25 families who claim he may have increased the risk of accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "recovered": "The discovery of the electron by J.J. Thomson in 1897 was a turning point in the development of science and technology. For more than 25 years, scientists have been trying to find a way to control the electron, which is the fundamental unit of electricity, in order to develop new electronic devices."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iceJu si eud ot dpnes ta salet eehrt sreya irnxgepol pureiJt adn hteer fo sti nmoso. \u201chrsPape het tsmo xctiegni mnfiroiaotn\u201d htat hte ssmnioi liwl dvpeiro eesaltr ot eth \u201cdunuerngdor aoencs fo diliqu etwra\u201d no ehtse oonsm \u2013 prEoau, Gyemneda dna sllitaoC \u2013 hichw \u201codcul utpoprs ifle\u201d, sdai Meik Sior, stiaatsns prsoefsro fo atlyernpa icneces ta reuudP eiitsvUnyr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many scientists believe that global warming is caused by the greenhouse effect, which occurs when the sun\u2019s energy gets trapped in the atmosphere and heats the earth\u2019s surface. Some people think that the best way to deal with global warming is to reduce our use of fossil fuels like oil, coal, and natural gas. Others suggest that we need to find new ways to deal with the problem, such as developing alternative energy sources like solar power.", "scrambled": "iceJu si eud ot dpnes ta salet eehrt sreya irnxgepol pureiJt adn hteer fo sti nmoso. \u201chrsPape het tsmo xctiegni mnfiroiaotn\u201d htat hte ssmnioi liwl dvpeiro eesaltr ot eth \u201cdunuerngdor aoencs fo diliqu etwra\u201d no ehtse oonsm \u2013 prEoau, Gyemneda dna sllitaoC \u2013 hichw \u201codcul utpoprs ifle\u201d, sdai Meik Sior, stiaatsns prsoefsro fo atlyernpa icneces ta reuudP eiitsvUnyr.", "original": "Juice is due to spend at least three years exploring Jupiter and three of its moons. \u201cPerhaps the most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide relates to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d on these moons \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201ccould support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor of planetary science at Purdue University.", "recovered": "Many scientists believe that global warming is caused by the greenhouse effect, which occurs when the sun\u2019s energy gets trapped in the atmosphere and heats the earth\u2019s surface. Some people think that the best way to deal with global warming is to reduce our use of fossil fuels like oil, coal, and natural gas. Others suggest that we need to find new ways to deal with the problem, such as developing alternative energy sources like solar power."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jteehentnu si olsa rrderefe ot sa eedomFr ayD, aglon ihwt atnnaimoipcE yDa nad ebluiJe yDa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " If you see a comment that you believe is inappropriate, you can flag it and it will be reviewed by a member of the Facebook community Operations team.", "scrambled": "Jteehentnu si olsa rrderefe ot sa eedomFr ayD, aglon ihwt atnnaimoipcE yDa nad ebluiJe yDa.", "original": "Juneteenth is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jubilee Day.", "recovered": "If you see a comment that you believe is inappropriate, you can flag it and it will be reviewed by a member of the Facebook community Operations team."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ingK orgeGe III si weilyd remrbdeeme rfo owt itgnsh: lgonis eth anrmcAei elsionoc dna ngiog amd \u2013 lhutoagh eht emrfro aym eb a tbi riufan, sa eh idd nto dvpeole hte pscilieo iwhhc edl ot eth slotscoin\u2019 rwa tihw lEngdan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " During World War II, George III secretly dreamed of removing the king: logicons were the armchairs, the lion and the \u2013 throne, so he added two dvpeole to the pscilieo, which allowed the logicons to slide out of the slotscoin\u2019s way.", "scrambled": "ingK orgeGe III si weilyd remrbdeeme rfo owt itgnsh: lgonis eth anrmcAei elsionoc dna ngiog amd \u2013 lhutoagh eht emrfro aym eb a tbi riufan, sa eh idd nto dvpeole hte pscilieo iwhhc edl ot eth slotscoin\u2019 rwa tihw lEngdan.", "original": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, as he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England.", "recovered": "During World War II, George III secretly dreamed of removing the king: logicons were the armchairs, the lion and the \u2013 throne, so he added two dvpeole to the pscilieo, which allowed the logicons to slide out of the slotscoin\u2019s way."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: baL tgnesti rof a rydopew nbsseactu donuf ta eth eWhti eHosu no nSduay caem ckab ovietips rof acncioe, a skeoaspnm fro het eetcrS reiScev sida. eTh betnussac wsa nufdo rnea het tnenecra ot het eWts igWn, a aincloot wreeh fstaf-edl ruost fo het hieWt Hsueo sspa htguhor no heirt awy toni eth lbudiing.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ball tinkled softly as the rubber sponge contacted the tennis court\u2019s surface. This sound combined with the squeak of my tennis shoes as I shifted my weight to prepare for the incoming ball. I was ready for my opponent\u2019s serve, and I returned the ball with a force that caused my arm to sting as it whipped away from my body. I won the point and smiled as I looked at my opponent.", "scrambled": "baL tgnesti rof a rydopew nbsseactu donuf ta eth eWhti eHosu no nSduay caem ckab ovietips rof acncioe, a skeoaspnm fro het eetcrS reiScev sida. eTh betnussac wsa nufdo rnea het tnenecra ot het eWts igWn, a aincloot wreeh fstaf-edl ruost fo het hieWt Hsueo sspa htguhor no heirt awy toni eth lbudiing.", "original": "Lab testing for a powdery substance found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a spokesman for the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building.", "recovered": "The ball tinkled softly as the rubber sponge contacted the tennis court\u2019s surface. This sound combined with the squeak of my tennis shoes as I shifted my weight to prepare for the incoming ball. I was ready for my opponent\u2019s serve, and I returned the ball with a force that caused my arm to sting as it whipped away from my body. I won the point and smiled as I looked at my opponent."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: braLo ayD si a dya ot onroh nad nzgroeeic eth acmeinrA bolra etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno lyutaacl het aslt yda fo smurme, ti\u2019s ftoen dlealc het \u201cuciaolfnfi ned\u201d sa ti skarm het nde fo het arlctuul smurme aeonss \u2014 nda het ned fo htsi ziqu!.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Brave Sir Lancelot and his trusted steed, the noble charger Blackleg, rode forth from the Round Table to seek adventure. Armed with his trusty broadsword Excalibur, he was ever ready to do battle with evil-doers and rescue damsels in distress. On this particular day, Sir Lancelot happened upon a band of marauding trolls who were waylaying travelers on the King\u2019s highway. The valiant knight charged into the fray, slaying many of the foul creatures and driving the rest off with heavy losses. After rescuing a beautiful maiden who had been held captive by the trolls, Sir Lancelot returned with her to the nearby castle, where he was warmly received by the King and Queen. The grateful monarch bestowed upon him the title of \u201cBravest Knight of the Realm\u201d, and the lovely maiden became his wife and Queen", "scrambled": "braLo ayD si a dya ot onroh nad nzgroeeic eth acmeinrA bolra etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno lyutaacl het aslt yda fo smurme, ti\u2019s ftoen dlealc het \u201cuciaolfnfi ned\u201d sa ti skarm het nde fo het arlctuul smurme aeonss \u2014 nda het ned fo htsi ziqu!.", "original": "Labor Day is a day to honor and recognize the American labor movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!.", "recovered": "Brave Sir Lancelot and his trusted steed, the noble charger Blackleg, rode forth from the Round Table to seek adventure. Armed with his trusty broadsword Excalibur, he was ever ready to do battle with evil-doers and rescue damsels in distress. On this particular day, Sir Lancelot happened upon a band of marauding trolls who were waylaying travelers on the King\u2019s highway. The valiant knight charged into the fray, slaying many of the foul creatures and driving the rest off with heavy losses. After rescuing a beautiful maiden who had been held captive by the trolls, Sir Lancelot returned with her to the nearby castle, where he was warmly received by the King and Queen. The grateful monarch bestowed upon him the title of \u201cBravest Knight of the Realm\u201d, and the lovely maiden became his wife and Queen"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: asL eVasg ecplio veah eorpende rhiet evianiginttso iont teh durmre fo Tpacu rauhSk. hTe aprrep wsa tosh ni ebrSpetme 1996, daeg tusj 25, ni hwta ash eocbem eno fo eiarcmA\u2019s mtos runotoiso vuldneos rdmrue secsa. eoclPi adiedr a esohu ni nnesedHro, 15 slmie sttehsauo fo het ytci, zisneig prteuocsm, drha virdes nad spceriut, ancrdgcio ot CAB eNws.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first web browser, World Wide Web, was created by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989, and released outside of CERN in 1991. Although there were other browsers, the three that competed with the dominance of the World Wide Web browser were Erwise, Viola, and Nexus.", "scrambled": "asL eVasg ecplio veah eorpende rhiet evianiginttso iont teh durmre fo Tpacu rauhSk. hTe aprrep wsa tosh ni ebrSpetme 1996, daeg tusj 25, ni hwta ash eocbem eno fo eiarcmA\u2019s mtos runotoiso vuldneos rdmrue secsa. eoclPi adiedr a esohu ni nnesedHro, 15 slmie sttehsauo fo het ytci, zisneig prteuocsm, drha virdes nad spceriut, ancrdgcio ot CAB eNws.", "original": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and pictures, according to ABC News.", "recovered": "The first web browser, World Wide Web, was created by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989, and released outside of CERN in 1991. Although there were other browsers, the three that competed with the dominance of the World Wide Web browser were Erwise, Viola, and Nexus."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: testLa esrhreac yb Whcih? fudno atht dilA ahs erimdaen eth csheaept seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na rgeeaav aetskb fo dgoso osngcti \u00a368.60 lsta tomhn. ldLi asw stju hbeidn ta \u00a370.51, eilwh setoWair swa eht tsom xepeinesv, ta \u00a386.91.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Which is the best energy deal? Found a great deal today switching from British Gas to Ovo, saving \u00a368.60 per year. Will stay with Ovo as they beat British Gas by \u00a370.51, however I will wait until the end of the year, to see if there are any better deals, to save an extra \u00a386.91.", "scrambled": "testLa esrhreac yb Whcih? fudno atht dilA ahs erimdaen eth csheaept seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na rgeeaav aetskb fo dgoso osngcti \u00a368.60 lsta tomhn. ldLi asw stju hbeidn ta \u00a370.51, eilwh setoWair swa eht tsom xepeinesv, ta \u00a386.91.", "original": "Latest research by Which? found that Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since May 2022, with an average basket of goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "recovered": "Which is the best energy deal? Found a great deal today switching from British Gas to Ovo, saving \u00a368.60 per year. Will stay with Ovo as they beat British Gas by \u00a370.51, however I will wait until the end of the year, to see if there are any better deals, to save an extra \u00a386.91."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eotL dssreed pu sa delerLfge\u2019s mfdea tca uetpethCo orf het agal ni ewN okYr no Mandyo, cwhih wsa ehtdme no teh elat soniafh sgeinerd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The doctor\u2019s medical degree from Columbia University always makes him proud. Growing up in a small town in Mandya, he was the eldest son in his family.", "scrambled": "eotL dssreed pu sa delerLfge\u2019s mfdea tca uetpethCo orf het agal ni ewN okYr no Mandyo, cwhih wsa ehtdme no teh elat soniafh sgeinerd.", "original": "Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat Choupette for the gala in New York on Monday, which was themed on the late fashion designer.", "recovered": "The doctor\u2019s medical degree from Columbia University always makes him proud. Growing up in a small town in Mandya, he was the eldest son in his family."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: izL Tsrsu\u2019s brefi egnir proldreyte osct ptryeasxa narley \u00a334,000 a yda ni snotmopceian sentyapm ot daeskc irisemtsn, dvaseisr dan fciaislof. laffOiic adat hssow thta caieslp isaedrvs erwe ipda a altot fo \u00a32.9 loiminl ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw heirt sebsso weer vieng eth btoo. uTsrs selehrf evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec ayp, ftaer reh iimn-ebgtud sdkapre sohca ni eth anilcnaif rsamtke.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This is to notify you that a judgment was entered against you on the above-referenced matter on March 19, 2018, in the amount of \u00a334,000. Unless you pay the judgment debt in full within 21 days after service of this notice on you, your driving privilege may be suspended and your bank account(s) may be subject to attachment. You should take action to stop the enforcement of the judgment by filing a request for a hearing with the clerk of court within 21 days after service of this notice on you. If you need assistance in locating an attorney, you may contact the Law Society of Scotland on 0131 226 7411 or you can visit their website at www.lawscot.org.uk. The judgment creditor may also be able to assist you in locating an attorney. The judgment creditor\u2019s name, address, and telephone number are: Law Debenture Corporation Limited, P.O. Box 29, 33 High Street, Edinburgh, EH1 1DX, 0131 226 7411. The judgment amount is \u00a318,660.", "scrambled": "izL Tsrsu\u2019s brefi egnir proldreyte osct ptryeasxa narley \u00a334,000 a yda ni snotmopceian sentyapm ot daeskc irisemtsn, dvaseisr dan fciaislof. laffOiic adat hssow thta caieslp isaedrvs erwe ipda a altot fo \u00a32.9 loiminl ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw heirt sebsso weer vieng eth btoo. uTsrs selehrf evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec ayp, ftaer reh iimn-ebgtud sdkapre sohca ni eth anilcnaif rsamtke.", "original": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. Official data shows that special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance awards when their bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severance pay, after her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.", "recovered": "This is to notify you that a judgment was entered against you on the above-referenced matter on March 19, 2018, in the amount of \u00a334,000. Unless you pay the judgment debt in full within 21 days after service of this notice on you, your driving privilege may be suspended and your bank account(s) may be subject to attachment. You should take action to stop the enforcement of the judgment by filing a request for a hearing with the clerk of court within 21 days after service of this notice on you. If you need assistance in locating an attorney, you may contact the Law Society of Scotland on 0131 226 7411 or you can visit their website at www.lawscot.org.uk. The judgment creditor may also be able to assist you in locating an attorney. The judgment creditor\u2019s name, address, and telephone number are: Law Debenture Corporation Limited, P.O. Box 29, 33 High Street, Edinburgh, EH1 1DX, 0131 226 7411. The judgment amount is \u00a318,660."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ldnnoo-saedb Rainssu gvnietasitnsoi gpuro eth iDoress treneC odfrefe a rear egmspli tnoi eth vapitre ilfe fo mlViirad Punti, ognbtinai ptosho fo ihs visalh 22-rcgaaier \u201coshgt rnait\u201d, peiqepdu thwi thwa areapp ot eb \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. rhOte uteersaf cdeilun a lylfu deepqpui rTkisuh abht asmet romo nda a ssmaaeg urlprao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The London to Dover train from Victoria station is the best way to reach the port of Dover. It takes around 1 hour 22 minutes, and you should get a seat on the right hand side of the train for the best view of the White Cliffs of Dover.", "scrambled": "Ldnnoo-saedb Rainssu gvnietasitnsoi gpuro eth iDoress treneC odfrefe a rear egmspli tnoi eth vapitre ilfe fo mlViirad Punti, ognbtinai ptosho fo ihs visalh 22-rcgaaier \u201coshgt rnait\u201d, peiqepdu thwi thwa areapp ot eb \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. rhOte uteersaf cdeilun a lylfu deepqpui rTkisuh abht asmet romo nda a ssmaaeg urlprao.", "original": "London-based Russian investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the private life of Vladimir Putin, obtaining photos of his lavish 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-ageing machines\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.", "recovered": "The London to Dover train from Victoria station is the best way to reach the port of Dover. It takes around 1 hour 22 minutes, and you should get a seat on the right hand side of the train for the best view of the White Cliffs of Dover."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tnouL noTw\u2019s niw nmase teh atme llwi rtuner ot eth pto vsoiidni rof teh rstfi emti icnse 1992, a snaoes eorefb eth Pimerre uLeega asw cratdee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The novel's narrator is a male ant who lives in a colony near an apple orchard in 1992, a few months after the Prime Minister of the United League of Earth Governments creates the Cryptnet.", "scrambled": "tnouL noTw\u2019s niw nmase teh atme llwi rtuner ot eth pto vsoiidni rof teh rstfi emti icnse 1992, a snaoes eorefb eth Pimerre uLeega asw cratdee.", "original": "Luton Town\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was created.", "recovered": "The novel's narrator is a male ant who lives in a colony near an apple orchard in 1992, a few months after the Prime Minister of the United League of Earth Governments creates the Cryptnet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: kMrea rosbaH si glhcreniuna het itorcob ffulyf yot orf het 25ht yvsnrenaiar fo sit iargonli eerlsea, ubt hiwt neo tiotampnr gsined nacegh \u2013 eth ewn dmloe sah na ffo schwit. eTh ialiogrn yuFsbr locud tno eb hstu nwdo dan wree ronep ot \u201caewk pu\u201d dan ttsar cghtiatn ni het itngh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following is an example of a simple substitution cipher, using a keyword of \u201cbook\u201d as the substitution alphabet.\n", "scrambled": "kMrea rosbaH si glhcreniuna het itorcob ffulyf yot orf het 25ht yvsnrenaiar fo sit iargonli eerlsea, ubt hiwt neo tiotampnr gsined nacegh \u2013 eth ewn dmloe sah na ffo schwit. eTh ialiogrn yuFsbr locud tno eb hstu nwdo dan wree ronep ot \u201caewk pu\u201d dan ttsar cghtiatn ni het itngh.", "original": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the robotic fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Furbys could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting in the night.", "recovered": "The following is an example of a simple substitution cipher, using a keyword of \u201cbook\u201d as the substitution alphabet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ynaM uMssilm illw atfs ormf uusnp ot wnsdnuo eyver ayd fro na etiner omtnh. hsTi reya, namRdaa unsr rmfo raMhc 22 ot rApil 21.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Sun is a star and one of the two main components of the solar system, the other being the planet Earth. It is a G2V type main sequence star, meaning it is a dwarf, and it is a member of the spectral class G2V. The Sun has an estimated diameter of 1.392 million kilometers, which is 109 times the diameter of Earth. The Sun is the dominant gravitational member of the solar system, its planetary system, and is the only star in the Earth's biosphere.", "scrambled": "ynaM uMssilm illw atfs ormf uusnp ot wnsdnuo eyver ayd fro na etiner omtnh. hsTi reya, namRdaa unsr rmfo raMhc 22 ot rApil 21.", "original": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21.", "recovered": "The Sun is a star and one of the two main components of the solar system, the other being the planet Earth. It is a G2V type main sequence star, meaning it is a dwarf, and it is a member of the spectral class G2V. The Sun has an estimated diameter of 1.392 million kilometers, which is 109 times the diameter of Earth. The Sun is the dominant gravitational member of the solar system, its planetary system, and is the only star in the Earth's biosphere."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: anyM gsiconmrarimso nac setgid ipatscl ta pemtusreaert evaob 30C, btu eth sciyvodre yb rresehascre ta eth swisS rledFea eutniItst pseva teh ayw rof a cuhm reom rynege-iefcnfeti hmdeot fo crygcelni.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many species of animals become dormant during the cold winter months, but the squirrels remain active all year round.", "scrambled": "anyM gsiconmrarimso nac setgid ipatscl ta pemtusreaert evaob 30C, btu eth sciyvodre yb rresehascre ta eth swisS rledFea eutniItst pseva teh ayw rof a cuhm reom rynege-iefcnfeti hmdeot fo crygcelni.", "original": "Many microorganisms can digest plastic at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.", "recovered": "Many species of animals become dormant during the cold winter months, but the squirrels remain active all year round."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ynMa pploee oundar eht rdlow reow lerppu no esWdanyde ni nohro fo orWld Luspu yDa, a lolbag aunnal neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta ot het euisyotsrm ediesas iagcitpmn eorm ntha 5 lmlinio eplepo ni het SU nloea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people wonder how the world will end, whether by fire or water, or some other means. This article looks at 5 major theories about the end of the world.", "scrambled": "ynMa pploee oundar eht rdlow reow lerppu no esWdanyde ni nohro fo orWld Luspu yDa, a lolbag aunnal neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta ot het euisyotsrm ediesas iagcitpmn eorm ntha 5 lmlinio eplepo ni het SU nloea.", "original": "Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Lupus Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "recovered": "Many people wonder how the world will end, whether by fire or water, or some other means. This article looks at 5 major theories about the end of the world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rMhca dssaMne si nopu su.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mind your manners and speak with respect.", "scrambled": "rMhca dssaMne si nopu su.", "original": "March Madness is upon us.", "recovered": "Mind your manners and speak with respect."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: raMk tuRet, teh ntoselg-vsirgen hucDt iprem eirmitsn ni oysitrh, lwli dasnt owdn rtfae 13 esyar ni prowe. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl rMka\u201d rfo shi biyitla ot wnasdihtt cilaptlio ecriss, utetR etxyeldcnepu oenndcnua eh luwdo aveel ocsltpii tearf eth umnuta aenerlg entiecol. nI eth 27-noinat UE, yonl nHgaruy\u2019s tkriVo Oarbn sha bene ni rchgea orf lengro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The European Union on Wednesday proposed new rules to limit the use of a controversial method of pig farming that keeps sows in cages so small they cannot turn around. The European Commission, the EU\u2019s executive arm, said the new rules would ban the use of \u201cgestation crates\u201d for sows from 2013, and phase out the practice completely by 2022. The proposal, which still needs to be approved by EU governments and the European Parliament, would also require that pregnant sows be given more space and the ability to lie down and stand up easily, as well as have sufficient room to turn around and extend their limbs.", "scrambled": "raMk tuRet, teh ntoselg-vsirgen hucDt iprem eirmitsn ni oysitrh, lwli dasnt owdn rtfae 13 esyar ni prowe. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl rMka\u201d rfo shi biyitla ot wnasdihtt cilaptlio ecriss, utetR etxyeldcnepu oenndcnua eh luwdo aveel ocsltpii tearf eth umnuta aenerlg entiecol. nI eth 27-noinat UE, yonl nHgaruy\u2019s tkriVo Oarbn sha bene ni rchgea orf lengro.", "original": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch prime minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. Nicknamed \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for his ability to withstand political crises, Rutte unexpectedly announced he would leave politics after the autumn general election. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orban has been in charge for longer.", "recovered": "The European Union on Wednesday proposed new rules to limit the use of a controversial method of pig farming that keeps sows in cages so small they cannot turn around. The European Commission, the EU\u2019s executive arm, said the new rules would ban the use of \u201cgestation crates\u201d for sows from 2013, and phase out the practice completely by 2022. The proposal, which still needs to be approved by EU governments and the European Parliament, would also require that pregnant sows be given more space and the ability to lie down and stand up easily, as well as have sufficient room to turn around and extend their limbs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: arkM Zruceberkg coneaudnn htta ragtmnsaI uerss ilwl onw eb blae ot aeshr pu ot vefi snilk ni ierht iorelpf \u201ciob\u201d. sPyuvoiler, yonl neo inkl ot eentlarx bteeswsi swa ldleaow. niFd uto moer itwh Teh keWe erUawdppn aotdscp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Kuerseeberk conundrum has baffled theologians for centuries. As described in the Bible, the Ark of the Covenant was a wooden chest about four feet long, two feet wide, and two-and-a-half feet tall, overlaid with gold inside and out. It is said to have been built by Moses\u2019 brother, Aaron, as a place to hold the two tablets of the Ten Commandments, which God gave to Moses. The Ark is also said to have contained a jar of manna, Aaron\u2019s rod that budded, and the pot of venom of serpents. The Bible describes how the Ark was built with a special design so that the Lord would always know where it was. The problem is that the Bible also says that at one point the Israelites built a replica of the Ark. If there were two Arks, how could God tell which one was the real Ark?", "scrambled": "arkM Zruceberkg coneaudnn htta ragtmnsaI uerss ilwl onw eb blae ot aeshr pu ot vefi snilk ni ierht iorelpf \u201ciob\u201d. sPyuvoiler, yonl neo inkl ot eentlarx bteeswsi swa ldleaow. niFd uto moer itwh Teh keWe erUawdppn aotdscp.", "original": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The Kuerseeberk conundrum has baffled theologians for centuries. As described in the Bible, the Ark of the Covenant was a wooden chest about four feet long, two feet wide, and two-and-a-half feet tall, overlaid with gold inside and out. It is said to have been built by Moses\u2019 brother, Aaron, as a place to hold the two tablets of the Ten Commandments, which God gave to Moses. The Ark is also said to have contained a jar of manna, Aaron\u2019s rod that budded, and the pot of venom of serpents. The Bible describes how the Ark was built with a special design so that the Lord would always know where it was. The problem is that the Bible also says that at one point the Israelites built a replica of the Ark. If there were two Arks, how could God tell which one was the real Ark?"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnealr\u00e8 cpSahpia, mstiiern rfo teh sliaoc eyocmon dan oiacnstossai, egva na iteenwirv no gderne qauelyti dan GQLBT+ srgith ot het ncFreh-agenulag indteoi fo blaoyPy emzianga. ehS readapep no het oecrv niewrga a tehwi sedrs. tBu teh orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e roneB, sa \u201cnto ta lla oprapitaepr, lepasylice ni het rrenutc drpeoi\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance.", "scrambled": "Mnealr\u00e8 cpSahpia, mstiiern rfo teh sliaoc eyocmon dan oiacnstossai, egva na iteenwirv no gderne qauelyti dan GQLBT+ srgith ot het ncFreh-agenulag indteoi fo blaoyPy emzianga. ehS readapep no het oecrv niewrga a tehwi sedrs. tBu teh orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e roneB, sa \u201cnto ta lla oprapitaepr, lepasylice ni het rrenutc drpeoi\u201d.", "original": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister for the social economy and associations, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the cover was described by the French prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, especially in the current period\u201d.", "recovered": "Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: arsM sha pasdpew tsi npiarwgp omrf spctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp fo a rediv ot meak tis rtusdpco mroe noemynaltilnerv irednyfl. Teh eprpa-radpwpe rasb ehva ngoe no elsa ta 500 Tcose tesosr, dan fi eth ltrai egso llew, het eapwpsrr lwli eb ledlor uot ot lla aiertsrle nda ot ethro sraM eattsr, cshu sa Sirkencs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Mars Exploration Rover project is a long-term robotic space mission involving two spacecraft that were launched in 2006 and arrived on Mars in January 2004. The project is managed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The project's two robotic vehicles, Spirit and Opportunity, landed in Gusev Crater and Meridiani Planum, respectively, and were designed to operate for at least 90 Martian days (about 92 Earth days). Both rovers have operated far beyond their expected lifetimes; Opportunity in particular has far exceeded its expected lifetime, and is still active as of 2023, over 15 years after landing.", "scrambled": "arsM sha pasdpew tsi npiarwgp omrf spctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp fo a rediv ot meak tis rtusdpco mroe noemynaltilnerv irednyfl. Teh eprpa-radpwpe rasb ehva ngoe no elsa ta 500 Tcose tesosr, dan fi eth ltrai egso llew, het eapwpsrr lwli eb ledlor uot ot lla aiertsrle nda ot ethro sraM eattsr, cshu sa Sirkencs.", "original": "Mars has swapped its wrapping from plastic to recyclable paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars treats, such as Snickers.", "recovered": "The Mars Exploration Rover project is a long-term robotic space mission involving two spacecraft that were launched in 2006 and arrived on Mars in January 2004. The project is managed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The project's two robotic vehicles, Spirit and Opportunity, landed in Gusev Crater and Meridiani Planum, respectively, and were designed to operate for at least 90 Martian days (about 92 Earth days). Both rovers have operated far beyond their expected lifetimes; Opportunity in particular has far exceeded its expected lifetime, and is still active as of 2023, over 15 years after landing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: axM arPk tes eth enw rrcedo rof het fsatste 3x3x3 ukiRb\u2019s ueCb meti ta a ptconeoimit ni oLgn aBhec ni ihs anietv iCainroalf. eTh 21-eyra-odl, woh asw naosdideg whit ratmoeed ot servee smatui sa a lichd, eatb hte 3.47-odnsce rordec tes yb naiCh\u2019s suehngY uD ni 2018.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Rubik\u2019s Cube is a 3x3x3 cube puzzle invented by Erno Rubik in 1974. In the 21st century, one can find software that solves the puzzle in a few seconds using depth-first search or other algorithms. The 3.47-second record was set by Max Park using the CFOP method in 2018.", "scrambled": "axM arPk tes eth enw rrcedo rof het fsatste 3x3x3 ukiRb\u2019s ueCb meti ta a ptconeoimit ni oLgn aBhec ni ihs anietv iCainroalf. eTh 21-eyra-odl, woh asw naosdideg whit ratmoeed ot servee smatui sa a lichd, eatb hte 3.47-odnsce rordec tes yb naiCh\u2019s suehngY uD ni 2018.", "original": "Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach in his native California. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.", "recovered": "The Rubik\u2019s Cube is a 3x3x3 cube puzzle invented by Erno Rubik in 1974. In the 21st century, one can find software that solves the puzzle in a few seconds using depth-first search or other algorithms. The 3.47-second record was set by Max Park using the CFOP method in 2018."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aMy si ilntNaao BQB nhtoM. uyJl si ionaNatl rlrBebuye nMtoh, oatnaliN eIc amreC ohntM adn ontaaliN oatnerWmel hotnM.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many scientists believe that the moon was formed from the debris left over after a Mars-sized planet collided with the early Earth.", "scrambled": "aMy si ilntNaao BQB nhtoM. uyJl si ionaNatl rlrBebuye nMtoh, oatnaliN eIc amreC ohntM adn ontaaliN oatnerWmel hotnM.", "original": "May is National BBQ Month. July is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month.", "recovered": "Many scientists believe that the moon was formed from the debris left over after a Mars-sized planet collided with the early Earth."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: doDaMlcn\u2019s, whcih ash nbee fioucsgn no ruanpidgg tis ecor stmie ot sobto essla, si nirlglo tuo a reisse fo hsnagce ot ivporem tsi lccassi sugbrre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Focusing on the positive aspects of a situation can turn something negative into something positive.", "scrambled": "doDaMlcn\u2019s, whcih ash nbee fioucsgn no ruanpidgg tis ecor stmie ot sobto essla, si nirlglo tuo a reisse fo hsnagce ot ivporem tsi lccassi sugbrre.", "original": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classic burgers.", "recovered": "Focusing on the positive aspects of a situation can turn something negative into something positive."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aMet ulnedhca na ppa elaldc aTershd ttha si eddeintn ot ffreo a cpaes orf arle-item ooissecnntvar nonile \u2014 a iutofncn atth ash lgon bnee rewttTi\u2019s rceo nelslgi ontpi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people are familiar with the item-response theory model for estimating item parameters, but fewer are aware that a similar approach can be used for estimating latent class models.", "scrambled": "aMet ulnedhca na ppa elaldc aTershd ttha si eddeintn ot ffreo a cpaes orf arle-item ooissecnntvar nonile \u2014 a iutofncn atth ash lgon bnee rewttTi\u2019s rceo nelslgi ontpi.", "original": "Meta launched an app called Threads that is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.", "recovered": "Many people are familiar with the item-response theory model for estimating item parameters, but fewer are aware that a similar approach can be used for estimating latent class models."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: cheiMal adoJnr\u2019s coicni 1998 BNA ialFsn esarsekn sldo fro a rcoder $2.2 lonilmi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Cheetahs were added to the BNA Animalarium in 1998 for a special event.", "scrambled": "cheiMal adoJnr\u2019s coicni 1998 BNA ialFsn esarsekn sldo fro a rcoder $2.2 lonilmi.", "original": "Michael Jordan\u2019s iconic 1998 NBA Finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.", "recovered": "Cheetahs were added to the BNA Animalarium in 1998 for a special event."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tyMirial etsj rwee \u201cutaedzorhi ot trveal ta coipsesurn sseedp\u201d sa yhte deacr ot mkea cnoctta htiw na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn ni eth niorge atth talre racdseh ni a hveliay wodode reaa. heT ytaedrrrnoixa depes fo teh tjse scueda a inocs mboo ssrcao teh gtWsahnoin, CD, raea atth nocfedus anym dneeissrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This article reveals the secret behind the success of some companies.", "scrambled": "tyMirial etsj rwee \u201cutaedzorhi ot trveal ta coipsesurn sseedp\u201d sa yhte deacr ot mkea cnoctta htiw na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn ni eth niorge atth talre racdseh ni a hveliay wodode reaa. heT ytaedrrrnoixa depes fo teh tjse scueda a inocs mboo ssrcao teh gtWsahnoin, CD, raea atth nocfedus anym dneeissrt.", "original": "Military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d as they raced to make contact with an unresponsive aircraft flying in the region that later crashed in a heavily wooded area. The extraordinary speed of the jets caused a sonic boom across the Washington, DC, area that confused many residents.", "recovered": "This article reveals the secret behind the success of some companies."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Monilsil fo opelpe rniema ta rsik fo lnianhig eaoipyltlnt lhmafur ari sa eilwfrdi okmes gninatgioir rmfo anCdaa dusrsoh jorma SU esciit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please don't send me any more emails about the conference in Cancun. I've already registered.", "scrambled": "Monilsil fo opelpe rniema ta rsik fo lnianhig eaoipyltlnt lhmafur ari sa eilwfrdi okmes gninatgioir rmfo anCdaa dusrsoh jorma SU esciit.", "original": "Millions of people remain at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke originating from Canada shrouds major US cities.", "recovered": "Please don't send me any more emails about the conference in Cancun. I've already registered."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: anoMtan vGo. geGr trniaGofe esdign a lbil dsdeaWney agbnnin ToTikk ni eht teast eovr ceerivedp ersticyu ncscoern. heT tlrsoecnroavi alw, ichwh llwi atek ecftef ni rayaJun, ueintlso eilatoptn nfsie fo $10,000 erp ayd fro ortlsoaiv.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people have heard of Antananarivo, the capital city of Madagascar, but few realize that it is possible to charter a light aircraft from Antananarivo to Tana Ampaso, a small airstrip in the heart of the rainforest, for less than $10,000.", "scrambled": "anoMtan vGo. geGr trniaGofe esdign a lbil dsdeaWney agbnnin ToTikk ni eht teast eovr ceerivedp ersticyu ncscoern. heT tlrsoecnroavi alw, ichwh llwi atek ecftef ni rayaJun, ueintlso eilatoptn nfsie fo $10,000 erp ayd fro ortlsoaiv.", "original": "Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived security concerns. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per day for violators.", "recovered": "Many people have heard of Antananarivo, the capital city of Madagascar, but few realize that it is possible to charter a light aircraft from Antananarivo to Tana Ampaso, a small airstrip in the heart of the rainforest, for less than $10,000."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv eowdmlnt, ettuosShw ieniAlsr isad tsi gsknioob ni rMcah eerw fynllai cbka no cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 iinboll ni eth rartueq, ndarogcci ot het pmaocyn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Honest leaders must see inequality as a threat to our common future, the pope said in his message for the World Day of Peace. Poverty and the throwaway culture are breeding grounds for violence, he said, calling for a change of mindset and policies to build a more just and fraternal world. Some 22% of the world\u2019s $5.7 trillion arms trade in 2017 went to five countries that accounted for more than half of all conflict, with the U.S. the biggest arms dealer, the report said.", "scrambled": "htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv eowdmlnt, ettuosShw ieniAlsr isad tsi gsknioob ni rMcah eerw fynllai cbka no cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 iinboll ni eth rartueq, ndarogcci ot het pmaocyn.", "original": "Months after a holiday service meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on track. Revenue soared 22% to $5.7 billion in the quarter, according to the company.", "recovered": "Honest leaders must see inequality as a threat to our common future, the pope said in his message for the World Day of Peace. Poverty and the throwaway culture are breeding grounds for violence, he said, calling for a change of mindset and policies to build a more just and fraternal world. Some 22% of the world\u2019s $5.7 trillion arms trade in 2017 went to five countries that accounted for more than half of all conflict, with the U.S. the biggest arms dealer, the report said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eoMr hatn 17,600 ilryatim prlnnoees rea gktani arpt ni rdslli igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere dan a tabo-iingskn keocrt sltsaau, iamd easfr atht nhCai amy eb ppnrraegi ot nuahlc na fnoeeivfs nastiga wnaTia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some 17,600 illegal immigrants were returned to their countries of origin in the first half of the year, Interior Minister Nancy Grace said on Wednesday.", "scrambled": "eoMr hatn 17,600 ilryatim prlnnoees rea gktani arpt ni rdslli igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere dan a tabo-iingskn keocrt sltsaau, iamd easfr atht nhCai amy eb ppnrraegi ot nuahlc na fnoeeivfs nastiga wnaTia.", "original": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including live-fire exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive against Taiwan.", "recovered": "Some 17,600 illegal immigrants were returned to their countries of origin in the first half of the year, Interior Minister Nancy Grace said on Wednesday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eorM nhta 200 leppeo heav eneb resucde ncise audnSy ni rVtomne, eerhw ldfniogo sha mseeugrdb smhoe nda ndreut ttsrsee oitn iservr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For 200 years people have been using the telephone, email, and more recently social media to stay in touch.", "scrambled": "eorM nhta 200 leppeo heav eneb resucde ncise audnSy ni rVtomne, eerhw ldfniogo sha mseeugrdb smhoe nda ndreut ttsrsee oitn iservr.", "original": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has submerged homes and turned streets into rivers.", "recovered": "For 200 years people have been using the telephone, email, and more recently social media to stay in touch."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rMoe ntha alhf fo hte sga oitssnat ni eth miiaM-trFo dleudLraea aare ewer hotiwut noesalig Wdndeysea fetra goioldnf mfor atsl kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt dsecua a eawv fo acipn igubny yb irrdesv tgoippn fof ietrh nksta.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mother nature always finds a way to overcome the most devastating tragedies.", "scrambled": "rMoe ntha alhf fo hte sga oitssnat ni eth miiaM-trFo dleudLraea aare ewer hotiwut noesalig Wdndeysea fetra goioldnf mfor atsl kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt dsecua a eawv fo acipn igubny yb irrdesv tgoippn fof ietrh nksta.", "original": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after flooding from last week\u2019s massive storm caused a wave of panic buying by drivers topping off their tanks.", "recovered": "Mother nature always finds a way to overcome the most devastating tragedies."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mcwsoo uhtosg ot srusaeer lMai\u2019s rlguin aimtlriy unatj atht arWeng corfes dlouw nectinou ot gfhit asitIlsm nsgnriuset ni het wra-ntor fiacArn onycrut, dmai raesf btauo hte riwed tualflo fo eth yenremacr prgou\u2019s alefdi gusnipir ni asRsui. heT treolv ecucdorr skeew ratef Mial ecldal no NU eecseerkppea ot aleev \u201cuwhotit eyald\u201d, ignnoneucd hte eedacd-nlog nsimosi\u2019s \u201cralifeu\u201d ot onerdps ot tyirseuc cgslelaneh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many scientists believe that the universe is filled with a sea of invisible dark matter, which only interacts through gravity and other forces. One of the best ways to detect dark matter is through its gravitational effects on ordinary matter. A team of physicists from the University of Washington and the University of California, Santa Barbara, have developed a new technique that uses a laser to measure tiny forces in an effort to detect dark matter. The researchers say their technique is more sensitive than previous methods and could help scientists detect dark matter in the near future.", "scrambled": "Mcwsoo uhtosg ot srusaeer lMai\u2019s rlguin aimtlriy unatj atht arWeng corfes dlouw nectinou ot gfhit asitIlsm nsgnriuset ni het wra-ntor fiacArn onycrut, dmai raesf btauo hte riwed tualflo fo eth yenremacr prgou\u2019s alefdi gusnipir ni asRsui. heT treolv ecucdorr skeew ratef Mial ecldal no NU eecseerkppea ot aleev \u201cuwhotit eyald\u201d, ignnoneucd hte eedacd-nlog nsimosi\u2019s \u201cralifeu\u201d ot onerdps ot tyirseuc cgslelaneh.", "original": "Moscow sought to reassure Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn African country, amid fears about the wider fallout of the mercenary group\u2019s failed uprising in Russia. The revolt occurred weeks after Mali called on UN peacekeepers to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond to security challenges.", "recovered": "Many scientists believe that the universe is filled with a sea of invisible dark matter, which only interacts through gravity and other forces. One of the best ways to detect dark matter is through its gravitational effects on ordinary matter. A team of physicists from the University of Washington and the University of California, Santa Barbara, have developed a new technique that uses a laser to measure tiny forces in an effort to detect dark matter. The researchers say their technique is more sensitive than previous methods and could help scientists detect dark matter in the near future."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: soMt thniosarsi ceditr hiaCn ihtw eth ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 DA. uBt ti swa ni eth 1830s ttah naiatIl osvnitner dadde acetr otuamns fo atmsel ot het imx dan cederat eth lufolocr yapssdil ttah azdlez su onw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some thrips species can survive 800 days without food. But they were able to survive for only a few months without water in the 1830s. Therefore, thrips must have developed the ability to metabolize water in order to survive long droughts.", "scrambled": "soMt thniosarsi ceditr hiaCn ihtw eth ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 DA. uBt ti swa ni eth 1830s ttah naiatIl osvnitner dadde acetr otuamns fo atmsel ot het imx dan cederat eth lufolocr yapssdil ttah azdlez su onw.", "original": "Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now.", "recovered": "Some thrips species can survive 800 days without food. But they were able to survive for only a few months without water in the 1830s. Therefore, thrips must have developed the ability to metabolize water in order to survive long droughts."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ksuM ndnneauco hsit kewe hatt hsi ncmyopa\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge fomr eth ellw-nknow eubl bidr ot a lacbk X. Teh lbeorlniiai\u2019s enocasrlivtro aerbrnd aws iywedl duiceridl, iwth breFso iicirisgntc mhi rfo \u201cegnttsi tognhmsei no irfe eh aidp $44 ibllino orf\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following information is required to complete your order: your name, address, email, phone number, credit card number, and expiration date.", "scrambled": "ksuM ndnneauco hsit kewe hatt hsi ncmyopa\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge fomr eth ellw-nknow eubl bidr ot a lacbk X. Teh lbeorlniiai\u2019s enocasrlivtro aerbrnd aws iywedl duiceridl, iwth breFso iicirisgntc mhi rfo \u201cegnttsi tognhmsei no irfe eh aidp $44 ibllino orf\u201d.", "original": "Musk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo would change from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s controversial rebrand was widely ridiculed, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d.", "recovered": "The following information is required to complete your order: your name, address, email, phone number, credit card number, and expiration date."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ltNxfie sha edrahs viexsecul nwe elsadti ofr hte dosnce onsesa fo sit wuaynar hti \u201cquSdi emGa,\u201d het ohStu oneKar ithlerlr esesri ni hcwih ensansocttt owh rea pdleye ni bted alpy eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa ni eorrd ot nwi a nto fo chsa \u2014 tihw hte olsres tegingt iledkl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It is not clear whether the strange objects are the remains of some ancient alien race or just the result of some natural phenomenon, but they are certainly very old, as they are made of a very durable material.", "scrambled": "ltNxfie sha edrahs viexsecul nwe elsadti ofr hte dosnce onsesa fo sit wuaynar hti \u201cquSdi emGa,\u201d het ohStu oneKar ithlerlr esesri ni hcwih ensansocttt owh rea pdleye ni bted alpy eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa ni eorrd ot nwi a nto fo chsa \u2014 tihw hte olsres tegingt iledkl.", "original": "Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South Korean thriller series in which contestants who are deeply in debt play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.", "recovered": "It is not clear whether the strange objects are the remains of some ancient alien race or just the result of some natural phenomenon, but they are certainly very old, as they are made of a very durable material."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eNw kYro tusm tpos lgiiudnb kcparrssyse ro ti llwi nksi, a wne tysud sah rnwdea. eerhT ear hghtuot ot eb noe illmnoi duniisblg ni Nwe korY tyCi, ignegihw na tidamtsee 771 ionimll nnoste, nda het dusyt, ddaeeh yb mTo rPsosan fo het nUdeti stSeat ogGioalecl vrSyue, nufdo atth eth itcy si \u201cpgoppinl rceslo\u201d ot het wtrae ta a erta fo 1 ot 2mm a aery, \u201cithw soem raase nsgisbdiu hcmu stefra\u201d, isad eth wNe rkoY osPt. wroeL ataMantnh si rrlitcalapyu ta rski, dan rteeh si tegehdehin rconnec ofr tboh oonBrkly nda enQues.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Know your rights when stopped by police. If you are stopped by police in New York City, you have the right to remain silent and to have an attorney present during questioning. You have the right to refuse to consent to a search of your person or vehicle. If police ask for your consent to search, you can insist that they obtain a warrant. If police ask you to get out of your vehicle, you have the right to refuse, unless the police have reasonable suspicion to believe you\u2019ve committed a crime or there is an emergency situation. You have the right to record police encounters. If you are arrested, you have the right to remain silent and to have an attorney present during any interrogation. You have the right to free phone call to an attorney or person of your choice. If you cannot afford an attorney, you have the right to have an attorney appointed for you at no cost.", "scrambled": "eNw kYro tusm tpos lgiiudnb kcparrssyse ro ti llwi nksi, a wne tysud sah rnwdea. eerhT ear hghtuot ot eb noe illmnoi duniisblg ni Nwe korY tyCi, ignegihw na tidamtsee 771 ionimll nnoste, nda het dusyt, ddaeeh yb mTo rPsosan fo het nUdeti stSeat ogGioalecl vrSyue, nufdo atth eth itcy si \u201cpgoppinl rceslo\u201d ot het wtrae ta a erta fo 1 ot 2mm a aery, \u201cithw soem raase nsgisbdiu hcmu stefra\u201d, isad eth wNe rkoY osPt. wroeL ataMantnh si rrlitcalapyu ta rski, dan rteeh si tegehdehin rconnec ofr tboh oonBrkly nda enQues.", "original": "New York must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million buildings in New York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas subsiding much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "recovered": "Know your rights when stopped by police. If you are stopped by police in New York City, you have the right to remain silent and to have an attorney present during questioning. You have the right to refuse to consent to a search of your person or vehicle. If police ask for your consent to search, you can insist that they obtain a warrant. If police ask you to get out of your vehicle, you have the right to refuse, unless the police have reasonable suspicion to believe you\u2019ve committed a crime or there is an emergency situation. You have the right to record police encounters. If you are arrested, you have the right to remain silent and to have an attorney present during any interrogation. You have the right to free phone call to an attorney or person of your choice. If you cannot afford an attorney, you have the right to have an attorney appointed for you at no cost."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nlywe eseraeld oloitaprMten Pcloie atda ash eeelradv thta na aegarve fo 248 hpeon sethtf a ady eerw oetrpder ni 2022 ni hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh osbgruoh thwi eth ostm ftsthe erew esmretnWsit (25,899), nadCem (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) nda anHkcey (4,618).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 2022 NHL Entry Draft will be held on July 7 and 8 at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec. A total of 248 players are expected to be selected over seven rounds.", "scrambled": "Nlywe eseraeld oloitaprMten Pcloie atda ash eeelradv thta na aegarve fo 248 hpeon sethtf a ady eerw oetrpder ni 2022 ni hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh osbgruoh thwi eth ostm ftsthe erew esmretnWsit (25,899), nadCem (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) nda anHkcey (4,618).", "original": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most thefts were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "recovered": "The 2022 NHL Entry Draft will be held on July 7 and 8 at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec. A total of 248 players are expected to be selected over seven rounds."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sweN bokre sthi ewek atth het oenmvtgren addhen a \u00a31.6 nlloiib crnctaot ot triausaAnl mifr opCreraot ralveT aeameMgtnn ot vroec ehtre fsooefhr yumlas-eekser elsevss. ehT meneotgnvr cmlidae het \u201cltsolafe\u201d dwulo eb \u201cciysitglaifnn peearch\u201d anht gsuinoh rsrlavia ni oheslt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Sun, bookmakers, Paddy Power, have created a \u00a31.6 million croctato of the world map to celebrate Argentina becoming world champions. The bet was placed on behalf of a customer who wishes to remain anonymous.", "scrambled": "sweN bokre sthi ewek atth het oenmvtgren addhen a \u00a31.6 nlloiib crnctaot ot triausaAnl mifr opCreraot ralveT aeameMgtnn ot vroec ehtre fsooefhr yumlas-eekser elsevss. ehT meneotgnvr cmlidae het \u201cltsolafe\u201d dwulo eb \u201cciysitglaifnn peearch\u201d anht gsuinoh rsrlavia ni oheslt.", "original": "News broke this week that the government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian firm Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-seeker vessels. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing arrivals in hotels.", "recovered": "The Sun, bookmakers, Paddy Power, have created a \u00a31.6 million croctato of the world map to celebrate Argentina becoming world champions. The bet was placed on behalf of a customer who wishes to remain anonymous."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: thrNo donLon iCtelealog Socolh ilwl litra deihss shcu sa eCinshe-setyl sendool ihtw aityrike rpaogshsrpe, ewets hilcil nad mlie rectskci, dan acenMix ecir pdoetp hwti auoflfb mrsow.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Londonictelcatalogue Socola is a searchable database of the letters of famous scientists, including Isaac Newton, and other notable figures, such as artists, writers, and politicians.", "scrambled": "thrNo donLon iCtelealog Socolh ilwl litra deihss shcu sa eCinshe-setyl sendool ihtw aityrike rpaogshsrpe, ewets hilcil nad mlie rectskci, dan acenMix ecir pdoetp hwti auoflfb mrsow.", "original": "North London Collegiate School will trial dishes such as Chinese-style noodles with teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime crickets, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.", "recovered": "The Londonictelcatalogue Socola is a searchable database of the letters of famous scientists, including Isaac Newton, and other notable figures, such as artists, writers, and politicians."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: PEOC, iwhhc lpespsui a alerg torpino fo hte odwlr\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti lliw ctu itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 liilonm sebarrl a yda rgnttias ni yMa \u2013 a eomv ttah ents loi cersip uigsrgn sthi ekew.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have discovered a new type of locust that can leap more than 16 feet in a single bound, which is the longest jump ever recorded for an insect. The discovery was made in the rainforests of Malaysia, where researchers were studying the effects of deforestation on the local ecosystem. They were surprised to find a new species of locust that was significantly larger than any other locusts in the area, and also much more agile. These locusts are able to make such long jumps because they have extremely long legs, and also because they have very strong muscles in their legs and bodies. This new species of locust is believed to be very dangerous to local crops and wildlife, so scientists are concerned about the impact that deforestation might have on the locusts and the local ecosystem.", "scrambled": "PEOC, iwhhc lpespsui a alerg torpino fo hte odwlr\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti lliw ctu itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 liilonm sebarrl a yda rgnttias ni yMa \u2013 a eomv ttah ents loi cersip uigsrgn sthi ekew.", "original": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week.", "recovered": "Scientists have discovered a new type of locust that can leap more than 16 feet in a single bound, which is the longest jump ever recorded for an insect. The discovery was made in the rainforests of Malaysia, where researchers were studying the effects of deforestation on the local ecosystem. They were surprised to find a new species of locust that was significantly larger than any other locusts in the area, and also much more agile. These locusts are able to make such long jumps because they have extremely long legs, and also because they have very strong muscles in their legs and bodies. This new species of locust is believed to be very dangerous to local crops and wildlife, so scientists are concerned about the impact that deforestation might have on the locusts and the local ecosystem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fO mroe htna 1,000 tsxih-ormf pispul uyresedv yb khitn-ktan itvCisa, 26% laos disa thta ecmtail cgehan dha mead ihetr aityxen ro sadenss swoer. dnA afhl adsi htta opelep hdolus vahe rwfee dilnrche ni edrro ot cketal emactil ehancg dan rpoaenuvlotipo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For more than 1,000 toxic chemical substances, 26% already, the EU aims to reduce their use by half by 2020. This means that their total market share should be reduced to below 50%. By 2020, all chemicals placed on the EU market will have to be registered, and their production and use limited or banned if they are carcinogenic, mutagenic or toxic for reproduction (CMR), very persistent and very bioaccumulative (vPvB). The REACH Regulation also provides for the evaluation and authorization of chemicals. The aim is to phase out the use of the most dangerous substances. The new legislation will also make it easier and cheaper to develop and use safer chemicals.", "scrambled": "fO mroe htna 1,000 tsxih-ormf pispul uyresedv yb khitn-ktan itvCisa, 26% laos disa thta ecmtail cgehan dha mead ihetr aityxen ro sadenss swoer. dnA afhl adsi htta opelep hdolus vahe rwfee dilnrche ni edrro ot cketal emactil ehancg dan rpoaenuvlotipo.", "original": "Of more than 1,000 sixth-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% also said that climate change had made their anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to tackle climate change and overpopulation.", "recovered": "For more than 1,000 toxic chemical substances, 26% already, the EU aims to reduce their use by half by 2020. This means that their total market share should be reduced to below 50%. By 2020, all chemicals placed on the EU market will have to be registered, and their production and use limited or banned if they are carcinogenic, mutagenic or toxic for reproduction (CMR), very persistent and very bioaccumulative (vPvB). The REACH Regulation also provides for the evaluation and authorization of chemicals. The aim is to phase out the use of the most dangerous substances. The new legislation will also make it easier and cheaper to develop and use safer chemicals."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: cnOromi nrsabtuiav cArsrtuu wsa rtsfi eeectdtd ni tela yuaJrna nda si inbge otreoindm yb eht dolWr leHhta gnzoitOaanri sa a artaniv fo crencno. sCsae aevh eben ropredet ni ta estla 27 nroisteuc, icninugdl teh KU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " During the 27th KU, a total of estla 27 roisteuc, including icninugdl teh KU, were able to recover the original sentence.", "scrambled": "cnOromi nrsabtuiav cArsrtuu wsa rtsfi eeectdtd ni tela yuaJrna nda si inbge otreoindm yb eht dolWr leHhta gnzoitOaanri sa a artaniv fo crencno. sCsae aevh eben ropredet ni ta estla 27 nroisteuc, icninugdl teh KU.", "original": "Omicron subvariant Arcturus was first detected in late January and is being monitored by the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "recovered": "During the 27th KU, a total of estla 27 roisteuc, including icninugdl teh KU, were able to recover the original sentence."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO iAlrp 3, 1973, het tfirs lcel enhpo lalc aws aemd no a wasleikd ni eNw krYo tyiC hiwt a vdeeci het zsie fo a cikbr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " First launched on July 3, 1973, the first message sent via the internet was from a computer at the University of California, Los Angeles, to a computer at the Stanford Research Institute.", "scrambled": "nO iAlrp 3, 1973, het tfirs lcel enhpo lalc aws aemd no a wasleikd ni eNw krYo tyiC hiwt a vdeeci het zsie fo a cikbr.", "original": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.", "recovered": "First launched on July 3, 1973, the first message sent via the internet was from a computer at the University of California, Los Angeles, to a computer at the Stanford Research Institute."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO eJnu 17, 2021, nsPeetird eoJ dnBie gensdi a lbil onit lwa cninrzgieog nnettJehue tnialNoa pneIenecdnde yDa. deniB asdi eth emnomt wlli og odwn sa \u201cneo fo het rsaegtte sonrho\u201d fo ish ipcedsreny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On September 17, 2021, a billie eilish fan created a account named \"billie eilish's nose picker\" for some reason. People started calling him \"neo fohet rsagegte sonrho\" for short.", "scrambled": "nO eJnu 17, 2021, nsPeetird eoJ dnBie gensdi a lbil onit lwa cninrzgieog nnettJehue tnialNoa pneIenecdnde yDa. deniB asdi eth emnomt wlli og odwn sa \u201cneo fo het rsaegtte sonrho\u201d fo ish ipcedsreny.", "original": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth National Independence Day. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency.", "recovered": "On September 17, 2021, a billie eilish fan created a account named \"billie eilish's nose picker\" for some reason. People started calling him \"neo fohet rsagegte sonrho\" for short."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO aonydM, erTwtti ssrue entdo taht eht uelb bdri oglo ulyusal donuf no wrTttei\u2019s amhpeeog dna onildga csenre ash own nbee elcreadp twih na eiagm fo oDge, eth aSbhi nuI gdo dsue sa a rulappo tientnre eemm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Not any more, the truth is that the universe is expanding and one day it will be so big that it will not be able to hold itself together and it will all be over.", "scrambled": "nO aonydM, erTwtti ssrue entdo taht eht uelb bdri oglo ulyusal donuf no wrTttei\u2019s amhpeeog dna onildga csenre ash own nbee elcreadp twih na eiagm fo oDge, eth aSbhi nuI gdo dsue sa a rulappo tientnre eemm.", "original": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that the blue bird logo usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Shiba Inu dog used as a popular internet meme.", "recovered": "Not any more, the truth is that the universe is expanding and one day it will be so big that it will not be able to hold itself together and it will all be over."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO Speemertb 14, 1814, iFrcnsa tocSt eyK dnpeen a pemo etrfa nwgitesnsi hte alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM ni tmloBerai dnigur het arW fo 1812 (wcihh alcluyta lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo swa rtale tes ot usmic, dan ni 1931, ti mbceae acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On September 14, 1814, according to the calendar then in use, Friday was the 14th day of the month. In that year (which ended on February 24, 1815), February had 30 days. Is this statement correct? Yes. It always was, and still is, true that in any year, the day of the week on which February 14 falls will always be the same, as long as the year has 30 days in February. This rule was first published by the American mathematician Simon Newcomb in his book The Elements of Algebra, published in 1891. It was later popularized by the American writer Martin Gardner.", "scrambled": "nO Speemertb 14, 1814, iFrcnsa tocSt eyK dnpeen a pemo etrfa nwgitesnsi hte alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM ni tmloBerai dnigur het arW fo 1812 (wcihh alcluyta lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo swa rtale tes ot usmic, dan ni 1931, ti mbceae acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh.", "original": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.", "recovered": "On September 14, 1814, according to the calendar then in use, Friday was the 14th day of the month. In that year (which ended on February 24, 1815), February had 30 days. Is this statement correct? Yes. It always was, and still is, true that in any year, the day of the week on which February 14 falls will always be the same, as long as the year has 30 days in February. This rule was first published by the American mathematician Simon Newcomb in his book The Elements of Algebra, published in 1891. It was later popularized by the American writer Martin Gardner."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO seyenaWdd, eth tsaE Anasi ortcynu ecanedt a nwe awl rpcgaipsn a rcteniuse-dol stemsy htta edeemd lirndehc ot eb neo reay dol ta rhitb, ihwt a eray daded eyver 1 yuJaran \u2013 miegnna a aybb brno no 31 beremDec oldwu tnur wot eth tnxe ady. A tsepaaer stmesy, dernu hwhic bisbae rwee eroz ta tihbr tbu drenut eon no 1 unrJyaa, sha soal eebn deolbhisa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " No Seyeon Ahn, an assistant professor of mechanical engineering at UC San Diego, and her team have developed a soft robot that can swim like a fish, walk on land and even climb trees. The robot, which is made of a soft, stretchy material, can change its shape and move in different ways, making it versatile and adaptable. The robot can also change its color and pattern, allowing it to blend in with its surroundings. This makes it hard for predators to spot, which could give it an advantage in the wild. The robot is powered by a battery and can be controlled by a smartphone app, making it easy to operate. It can swim like a fish, walk on land and even climb trees, making it a very versatile robot.", "scrambled": "nO seyenaWdd, eth tsaE Anasi ortcynu ecanedt a nwe awl rpcgaipsn a rcteniuse-dol stemsy htta edeemd lirndehc ot eb neo reay dol ta rhitb, ihwt a eray daded eyver 1 yuJaran \u2013 miegnna a aybb brno no 31 beremDec oldwu tnur wot eth tnxe ady. A tsepaaer stmesy, dernu hwhic bisbae rwee eroz ta tihbr tbu drenut eon no 1 unrJyaa, sha soal eebn deolbhisa.", "original": "On Wednesday, the East Asian country enacted a new law scrapping a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A separate system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished.", "recovered": "No Seyeon Ahn, an assistant professor of mechanical engineering at UC San Diego, and her team have developed a soft robot that can swim like a fish, walk on land and even climb trees. The robot, which is made of a soft, stretchy material, can change its shape and move in different ways, making it versatile and adaptable. The robot can also change its color and pattern, allowing it to blend in with its surroundings. This makes it hard for predators to spot, which could give it an advantage in the wild. The robot is powered by a battery and can be controlled by a smartphone app, making it easy to operate. It can swim like a fish, walk on land and even climb trees, making it a very versatile robot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nOe ni 10 eepopl idsa ehyt dukn uaessag orlsl ni terih upc fo ate, danccgori ot a tudsy ahtt sha cedasu cmuh tuspe rfo het iDyla Srta. hTe bdltiao dcalle eht pacterci a \u201chuideso bhtai\u201d nda frthreu eicdalm htta 4% fo lnvsdiadiui, owhm etyh eeefdrrr ot sa \u201cgowrn \u2019nus\u201d, eeagng ni eth tac fo gnpidpi hesisndawc otin oth seegerbav \u2013 mntgsoieh teh aidblto ededem ightnno srtoh fo \u201civle\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " No one knows exactly when the use of alcohol as a disinfectant began, although evidence indicates that it has been used for at least 4,000 years. The earliest recorded use of alcohol as a disinfectant is in a \u201cguide to medicine\u201d written by a Greek physician named Hippocrates \u2013 the \u201cFather of Medicine\u201d \u2013 around 400 B.C.", "scrambled": "nOe ni 10 eepopl idsa ehyt dukn uaessag orlsl ni terih upc fo ate, danccgori ot a tudsy ahtt sha cedasu cmuh tuspe rfo het iDyla Srta. hTe bdltiao dcalle eht pacterci a \u201chuideso bhtai\u201d nda frthreu eicdalm htta 4% fo lnvsdiadiui, owhm etyh eeefdrrr ot sa \u201cgowrn \u2019nus\u201d, eeagng ni eth tac fo gnpidpi hesisndawc otin oth seegerbav \u2013 mntgsoieh teh aidblto ededem ightnno srtoh fo \u201civle\u201d.", "original": "One in 10 people said they dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and further claimed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 something the tabloid deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "recovered": "No one knows exactly when the use of alcohol as a disinfectant began, although evidence indicates that it has been used for at least 4,000 years. The earliest recorded use of alcohol as a disinfectant is in a \u201cguide to medicine\u201d written by a Greek physician named Hippocrates \u2013 the \u201cFather of Medicine\u201d \u2013 around 400 B.C."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nOe rtip ot scpae ilwl stoc uyo ubtao $450,000. wrvoHee, hte tryjaomi fo mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t nwat ot levae arhtE. nylO btoau 40% dolwu etrlav ot eapsc fi nvgei het itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi ot a NNC silaanys.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Note: The following answer contains the name of a real person.\n", "scrambled": "nOe rtip ot scpae ilwl stoc uyo ubtao $450,000. wrvoHee, hte tryjaomi fo mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t nwat ot levae arhtE. nylO btoau 40% dolwu etrlav ot eapsc fi nvgei het itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi ot a NNC silaanys.", "original": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Americans actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN analysis.", "recovered": "Note: The following answer contains the name of a real person."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: erOynk uldoc aveel hte KU dan ocmeeb a rroettiry fo wyoaNr uedrn wen alsooprsp ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae rmosf fo ognevarnec\u201d ttha cdlou iderovp omer iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT inaslds erew enurd graeiNown dan Dnisah rnoolct lunti 1472.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This encrypted message is a famous quote from Leonardo da Vinci. The key to decrypting it is in the title of this article. The decrypted message reads: \"The smallest plane figure is not a point, as has been thought, but a line, as has been discovered by me.\" This note was written by da Vinci in 1472.", "scrambled": "erOynk uldoc aveel hte KU dan ocmeeb a rroettiry fo wyoaNr uedrn wen alsooprsp ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae rmosf fo ognevarnec\u201d ttha cdlou iderovp omer iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT inaslds erew enurd graeiNown dan Dnisah rnoolct lunti 1472.", "original": "Orkney could leave the UK and become a territory of Norway under new proposals to explore \u201calternative forms of governance\u201d that could provide more economic opportunities. The islands were under Norwegian and Danish control until 1472.", "recovered": "This encrypted message is a famous quote from Leonardo da Vinci. The key to decrypting it is in the title of this article. The decrypted message reads: \"The smallest plane figure is not a point, as has been thought, but a line, as has been discovered by me.\" This note was written by da Vinci in 1472."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iPras si eaprnprgi rfo hte 2024 imyOlcp semGa cndretee uodran teh vRier nSeei. hTe ninogpe ymeeoncr, hwhci si tlrdatiaolnyi dhel sendii het hsto ityc\u2019s Opmicyl damstiu, wlil aket caelp no hte errvi, wiht ta elats 600,000 peploe etexcdpe ot cwtha rmfo teh kabsn, noicadrcg ot rrzeiagson.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 2024 Summer Olympics will be held in Hamburg, Germany. The non-gaming area will host several events, with a total of 600,000 people expected to attend during the course of the games, not including spectators. Due to recent riots, the government has decided to deploy 10,000 police officers to keep the city safe, noting the recent rise in aggression.", "scrambled": "iPras si eaprnprgi rfo hte 2024 imyOlcp semGa cndretee uodran teh vRier nSeei. hTe ninogpe ymeeoncr, hwhci si tlrdatiaolnyi dhel sendii het hsto ityc\u2019s Opmicyl damstiu, wlil aket caelp no hte errvi, wiht ta elats 600,000 peploe etexcdpe ot cwtha rmfo teh kabsn, noicadrcg ot rrzeiagson.", "original": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers.", "recovered": "The 2024 Summer Olympics will be held in Hamburg, Germany. The non-gaming area will host several events, with a total of 600,000 people expected to attend during the course of the games, not including spectators. Due to recent riots, the government has decided to deploy 10,000 police officers to keep the city safe, noting the recent rise in aggression."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ePleop how aer 65 nda odelr ro oseht hwo hvea eadkeewn enuimm tssmyes nda \u201cnatw eth oitnop fo ddade pnrioetoct\u201d rae wno daewllo throena rosotbe deos, eth CDC dias htis eekw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please help others by donating to the Red Cross.", "scrambled": "ePleop how aer 65 nda odelr ro oseht hwo hvea eadkeewn enuimm tssmyes nda \u201cnatw eth oitnop fo ddade pnrioetoct\u201d rae wno daewllo throena rosotbe deos, eth CDC dias htis eekw.", "original": "People who are 65 and older or those who have weakened immune systems and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another booster dose, the CDC said this week.", "recovered": "Please help others by donating to the Red Cross."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ioPxhne sujt ndueerd hte tshotte hnomt orf yan SU cyti no edrocr. Teetsepmraru ni het ionerg kdapee rednu 110 egeesdr iaFhnrheet rfo hte fstri etim ni a mnhot no oanyMd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Physics is a science that studies matter, energy, and the interactions between them. Physics is one of the most fundamental sciences, and its fundamental concepts and laws underpin much of science and technology. Physics is also one of the oldest academic disciplines and, through its inclusion of the study of the material world, it is one of the broadest.", "scrambled": "ioPxhne sujt ndueerd hte tshotte hnomt orf yan SU cyti no edrocr. Teetsepmraru ni het ionerg kdapee rednu 110 egeesdr iaFhnrheet rfo hte fstri etim ni a mnhot no oanyMd.", "original": "Phoenix just endured the hottest month for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday.", "recovered": "Physics is a science that studies matter, energy, and the interactions between them. Physics is one of the most fundamental sciences, and its fundamental concepts and laws underpin much of science and technology. Physics is also one of the oldest academic disciplines and, through its inclusion of the study of the material world, it is one of the broadest."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nlPsa fro fmgiiln hte tffhi dan anlfi sesano fo \u201crretagSn Tghnis\u201d ash nebe epasdu ued ot eth rreswti\u2019 irkets, het owsh\u2019s oc-ersrctao ucnnodaen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please solve the following math problem: 2 + 2 =", "scrambled": "nlPsa fro fmgiiln hte tffhi dan anlfi sesano fo \u201crretagSn Tghnis\u201d ash nebe epasdu ued ot eth rreswti\u2019 irkets, het owsh\u2019s oc-ersrctao ucnnodaen.", "original": "Plans for filming the fifth and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creators announced.", "recovered": "Please solve the following math problem: 2 + 2 ="}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pyal asw eptisdudr aertf a oserpertt mbeilcd ootn a atbel dan vreeodc ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea siaicttv edirt ot uleg feslreh ot a edfitnfre labet. eTh odu weer tarseerd iogolnflw het naivnosi ta ifdheeflS\u2019s briecuCl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please don\u2019t tell anyone my secret.", "scrambled": "Pyal asw eptisdudr aertf a oserpertt mbeilcd ootn a atbel dan vreeodc ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea siaicttv edirt ot uleg feslreh ot a edfitnfre labet. eTh odu weer tarseerd iogolnflw het naivnosi ta ifdheeflS\u2019s briecuCl.", "original": "Play was disrupted after a protester climbed onto a table and covered it with orange powder, while another activist tried to glue herself to a different table. The duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "recovered": "Please don\u2019t tell anyone my secret."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oPclie arderset olsatm 1,000 poelep ni eth KU\u2019s ratgesl erev cocknwrda no noirsaged iercm. A tolta fo 20 srrefima, \u00a3636,000 ni cahs dan 20gk fo ocancie erwe loas sieedz uidrng hte danwnitoie siadr ni eunJ, eht oaaintlN ePciol sfehiC\u2019 lCoiunc aonundenc iths kwee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The University of Kent\u2019s rugby team has received a \u00a3636,000 cash boost during the downturn. Over the past 20 years, the rugby team has raised \u00a3636,000 through various events during the downturn. The cash has been used to develop the sports centre and improve facilities during the economic downturn.", "scrambled": "oPclie arderset olsatm 1,000 poelep ni eth KU\u2019s ratgesl erev cocknwrda no noirsaged iercm. A tolta fo 20 srrefima, \u00a3636,000 ni cahs dan 20gk fo ocancie erwe loas sieedz uidrng hte danwnitoie siadr ni eunJ, eht oaaintlN ePciol sfehiC\u2019 lCoiunc aonundenc iths kwee.", "original": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "recovered": "The University of Kent\u2019s rugby team has received a \u00a3636,000 cash boost during the downturn. Over the past 20 years, the rugby team has raised \u00a3636,000 through various events during the downturn. The cash has been used to develop the sports centre and improve facilities during the economic downturn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sinntergPe hsi sftri uegdBt ot naarPteilm no Wnyadeesd, ntHu ldai tou a rgnea fo raeemsus ednident ot rogencaeu ncomoiec hrwogt yb bgoisnto ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd itnexnegd eefr ecadilrhc dan lniiftg a apc no axt-fere oienpsn vsanisg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Psychology is the science of behavior and mind. It is an academic discipline of immense scope and diverse interests, ranging from the scientific study of a broad range of basic processes (such as perception, cognition, emotion, language, reasoning and problem solving) to the application of this knowledge to help people live more effective, productive, healthy and meaningful lives. Psychology is both an empirical science (involving the methodical investigation of basic processes by means of the scientific method) and a contextual science (involving the application of this knowledge to the understanding of complex human behavior in real world contexts).", "scrambled": "sinntergPe hsi sftri uegdBt ot naarPteilm no Wnyadeesd, ntHu ldai tou a rgnea fo raeemsus ednident ot rogencaeu ncomoiec hrwogt yb bgoisnto ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd itnexnegd eefr ecadilrhc dan lniiftg a apc no axt-fere oienpsn vsanisg.", "original": "Presenting his first Budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting employment, including extending free childcare and lifting a cap on tax-free pension savings.", "recovered": "Psychology is the science of behavior and mind. It is an academic discipline of immense scope and diverse interests, ranging from the scientific study of a broad range of basic processes (such as perception, cognition, emotion, language, reasoning and problem solving) to the application of this knowledge to help people live more effective, productive, healthy and meaningful lives. Psychology is both an empirical science (involving the methodical investigation of basic processes by means of the scientific method) and a contextual science (involving the application of this knowledge to the understanding of complex human behavior in real world contexts)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iePdsertn hrabAma lncinoL uisdes eth cmpotniiaanE aPcoiamroltn no uyarJna 1, 1863, sa het onntai ocdpphraea sit dhtir ayre fo yodblo lvcii arw. eTh aroplnmaotci lrecdeda \u201catht lla ensospr hdel sa esslav\u201d iniwth eth ebisolulre ttsase \u201caer, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb eefr.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first battle of Manassas or Bull Run was fought on July 21, 1861, and resulted in a Union defeat. This engraving was published in Frank Leslie\u2019s Illustrated Newspaper on August 9, 1861 with the caption, \u201cThe first great battle between the contending armies, near Bull Run, on the Virginia side of the Potomac, on Sunday, July 21, 1861. The Union forces were under the command of Gen. McDowell, and the Rebel forces under Gen. Beauregard. The engagement began about 4 o\u2019clock P.M., and was maintained with great fury for three hours, when the Rebels were driven from their position, with a loss of about 1,000 killed and wounded, leaving their dead upon the field.\u201d", "scrambled": "iePdsertn hrabAma lncinoL uisdes eth cmpotniiaanE aPcoiamroltn no uyarJna 1, 1863, sa het onntai ocdpphraea sit dhtir ayre fo yodblo lvcii arw. eTh aroplnmaotci lrecdeda \u201catht lla ensospr hdel sa esslav\u201d iniwth eth ebisolulre ttsase \u201caer, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb eefr.\u201d.", "original": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d.", "recovered": "The first battle of Manassas or Bull Run was fought on July 21, 1861, and resulted in a Union defeat. This engraving was published in Frank Leslie\u2019s Illustrated Newspaper on August 9, 1861 with the caption, \u201cThe first great battle between the contending armies, near Bull Run, on the Virginia side of the Potomac, on Sunday, July 21, 1861. The Union forces were under the command of Gen. McDowell, and the Rebel forces under Gen. Beauregard. The engagement began about 4 o\u2019clock P.M., and was maintained with great fury for three hours, when the Rebels were driven from their position, with a loss of about 1,000 killed and wounded, leaving their dead upon the field.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rnetPdsei eJo endiB nda stirf ldya Jlil eBind epcapd oShut nroKae tPeiesnrd onoY kuS oeYl\u2019s iocilaff setta sivti wtih a shialv tteas nerdni ta eth Wtihe oseuH ndeWdasye tngih ot bareeltce eth wot snntioa\u2019 70-ryae lacaneli.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please enter your name and date of birth to continue.", "scrambled": "rnetPdsei eJo endiB nda stirf ldya Jlil eBind epcapd oShut nroKae tPeiesnrd onoY kuS oeYl\u2019s iocilaff setta sivti wtih a shialv tteas nerdni ta eth Wtihe oseuH ndeWdasye tngih ot bareeltce eth wot snntioa\u2019 70-ryae lacaneli.", "original": "President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a lavish state dinner at the White House Wednesday night to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "recovered": "Please enter your name and date of birth to continue."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tnPediser oJe iBnde ledewocm hte upSre Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna yCti hisefC ot hte Wtihe oHeus onaydM. eSe sopoth rfom eth icpales csncoaoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It pays to be prepared. This is especially true when traveling abroad, where you may encounter different customs, cultures, and languages.", "scrambled": "tnPediser oJe iBnde ledewocm hte upSre Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna yCti hisefC ot hte Wtihe oHeus onaydM. eSe sopoth rfom eth icpales csncoaoi.", "original": "President Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion.", "recovered": "It pays to be prepared. This is especially true when traveling abroad, where you may encounter different customs, cultures, and languages."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tsrdeneiP byiNa keelBu\u2019s nonetervmg sha dkecol pu a lttoa fo sloamt 2% fo eht crtyonu's autdl optplnuoai adn ash btuil a 40,000-iccptaay eagm opsirn ot amamcoodetc edetucsps gagn serbemm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please be aware that 2% of the content on this website is automatically generated and may not be accurate.", "scrambled": "tsrdeneiP byiNa keelBu\u2019s nonetervmg sha dkecol pu a lttoa fo sloamt 2% fo eht crtyonu's autdl optplnuoai adn ash btuil a 40,000-iccptaay eagm opsirn ot amamcoodetc edetucsps gagn serbemm.", "original": "President Nayib Bukele\u2019s government has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.", "recovered": "Please be aware that 2% of the content on this website is automatically generated and may not be accurate."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: inrecP aHryr adn ihs wfei ehangM rewe nlvidevo ni a cticaho arc acehs hiwt aiazarpzp ni Nwe kYor no Tuyadse htat ulodc ehva trelsude ni a \u201cpccattosairh\u201d tmuooec, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please allow me to introduce myself. I am a computer program designed to generate random sentences, and I hope I can provide you with some entertainment. I also enjoy reading and learning new things, so please feel free to share any interesting articles or websites with me. I look forward to getting to know you better, and I hope we can be friends.", "scrambled": "inrecP aHryr adn ihs wfei ehangM rewe nlvidevo ni a cticaho arc acehs hiwt aiazarpzp ni Nwe kYor no Tuyadse htat ulodc ehva trelsude ni a \u201cpccattosairh\u201d tmuooec, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla.", "original": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson has alleged.", "recovered": "Please allow me to introduce myself. I am a computer program designed to generate random sentences, and I hope I can provide you with some entertainment. I also enjoy reading and learning new things, so please feel free to share any interesting articles or websites with me. I look forward to getting to know you better, and I hope we can be friends."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rueotP iRanc eurtssapr dBa unyBn sah hctdnoe pu hneoart derroc ihwt sih rtuhfo tuiods blaum, \u201cnU neVora nSi iT\u201d, bceminog yfopSit\u2019s smto estreadm bamlu fo all itme. nI 2022, hte tpra nda neeagg\u00f3tr grines aws hte tmos earsetdm isratt rof eht hdirt ocvteeiunsc reya. eH\u2019s ahceedr \u201ca wen sroseaherttp fo stmraod\u201d, sadi ignlRol eoSnt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first tweet from the account @ElonMusk, which has over 80 million followers, was \"Including today, the probability of a global catastrophe within the next two years is higher than it's ever been in recorded history. We're at a critical moment, a turning point for the survival of the species.\"", "scrambled": "rueotP iRanc eurtssapr dBa unyBn sah hctdnoe pu hneoart derroc ihwt sih rtuhfo tuiods blaum, \u201cnU neVora nSi iT\u201d, bceminog yfopSit\u2019s smto estreadm bamlu fo all itme. nI 2022, hte tpra nda neeagg\u00f3tr grines aws hte tmos earsetdm isratt rof eht hdirt ocvteeiunsc reya. eH\u2019s ahceedr \u201ca wen sroseaherttp fo stmraod\u201d, sadi ignlRol eoSnt.", "original": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up another record with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "recovered": "The first tweet from the account @ElonMusk, which has over 80 million followers, was \"Including today, the probability of a global catastrophe within the next two years is higher than it's ever been in recorded history. We're at a critical moment, a turning point for the survival of the species.\""}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nmdRaoy nMrati, nmagangi eroctird fo eht tBisrhi eiTolt tnsaioiscAo, dlot heT udrGania tath teh lersouc fo fhal fo eth KU\u2019s ucpbil lsoo ni het spat ecedad aws liugtsenr ni eesttr nnruaioti, osla onnkw sa iwdl tniteliog, \u201cyevheeerwr wno\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people consider the University of Kansas to be one of the top basketball programs in the nation, and one of the main reasons for that is the fans that pack the arena and create an incredible atmosphere for the players to play in front of. Whether it is cheering, singing the Jayhawk fight song, or just talking with those around you, the fans make Allen Fieldhouse one of the best places in college basketball. The fans have also given themselves a name, the \u201cRock Chalk Chant\u201d, which is a combination of the schools fight song and rallying cry. The chant is typically started when KU has the ball in the last few minutes of a close game, but is also used at other times during the game. The fans also have a tradition of waving towels on command, and have done so after great plays, timeouts, and halftime. The most famous wave came after a last second shot to win the 1988 championship, when Danny Manning missed, and Scottie Pippen grabbed the rebound and putback to give Jordan and the Bulls their first of six titles.", "scrambled": "nmdRaoy nMrati, nmagangi eroctird fo eht tBisrhi eiTolt tnsaioiscAo, dlot heT udrGania tath teh lersouc fo fhal fo eth KU\u2019s ucpbil lsoo ni het spat ecedad aws liugtsenr ni eesttr nnruaioti, osla onnkw sa iwdl tniteliog, \u201cyevheeerwr wno\u201d.", "original": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told The Guardian that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in street urination, also known as wild toileting, \u201ceverywhere now\u201d.", "recovered": "Many people consider the University of Kansas to be one of the top basketball programs in the nation, and one of the main reasons for that is the fans that pack the arena and create an incredible atmosphere for the players to play in front of. Whether it is cheering, singing the Jayhawk fight song, or just talking with those around you, the fans make Allen Fieldhouse one of the best places in college basketball. The fans have also given themselves a name, the \u201cRock Chalk Chant\u201d, which is a combination of the schools fight song and rallying cry. The chant is typically started when KU has the ball in the last few minutes of a close game, but is also used at other times during the game. The fans also have a tradition of waving towels on command, and have done so after great plays, timeouts, and halftime. The most famous wave came after a last second shot to win the 1988 championship, when Danny Manning missed, and Scottie Pippen grabbed the rebound and putback to give Jordan and the Bulls their first of six titles."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eleynRtc rvledeae oeidv oaftego pteacdru no het Gkree dilasn fo Lseobs epsapar ot shwo 12 ifAcanr igrasnmt, niicgdnul a bbya, niegb edwot uot ot sae dan nnebddaao no na blaleitanf fart. mAdi wnigrog conncre rove elligla scbuakhsp fo aylsmu rseekse, eth UE oehm srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi erh sacfilifo adh nitrwte ot Atnhse twhi a lorfam eserqut \u201chtat shti tciidnne eb flyul adn dineldtpneeyn nigtsvdiatee\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a recent EU report, online hate speech is on the rise, with 12% of internet users across the EU having experienced some form of it in the past year. Hate speech is any form of communication that attacks a person or a group on the basis of who they are, such as their race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or identity. It can take many forms, from insults and threats to images and videos that are highly offensive. The report also highlights the importance of education in tackling online hate speech, and calls for more research into effective interventions.", "scrambled": "eleynRtc rvledeae oeidv oaftego pteacdru no het Gkree dilasn fo Lseobs epsapar ot shwo 12 ifAcanr igrasnmt, niicgdnul a bbya, niegb edwot uot ot sae dan nnebddaao no na blaleitanf fart. mAdi wnigrog conncre rove elligla scbuakhsp fo aylsmu rseekse, eth UE oehm srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi erh sacfilifo adh nitrwte ot Atnhse twhi a lorfam eserqut \u201chtat shti tciidnne eb flyul adn dineldtpneeyn nigtsvdiatee\u201d.", "original": "Recently revealed video footage captured on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, being towed out to sea and abandoned on an inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks of asylum seekers, the EU home affairs commissioner, Ylva Johansson, said her officials had written to Athens with a formal request \u201cthat this incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.", "recovered": "According to a recent EU report, online hate speech is on the rise, with 12% of internet users across the EU having experienced some form of it in the past year. Hate speech is any form of communication that attacks a person or a group on the basis of who they are, such as their race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or identity. It can take many forms, from insults and threats to images and videos that are highly offensive. The report also highlights the importance of education in tackling online hate speech, and calls for more research into effective interventions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eReleads no nJeu 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d tnwe no ot ecboem het frsit lfim ot rssgo ermo atnh $100 ilnloim ta het oxb cieoff.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On July 20, 1975, \u201csaw\u201d the first life form on the moon when a robot landed on the moon.", "scrambled": "eReleads no nJeu 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d tnwe no ot ecboem het frsit lfim ot rssgo ermo atnh $100 ilnloim ta het oxb cieoff.", "original": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "recovered": "On July 20, 1975, \u201csaw\u201d the first life form on the moon when a robot landed on the moon."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aRletn e-oerscsto rae ot eb dowlueat ni het enhcFr ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre asw hdle slta ewke. nudoAr 89% fo tveso stac ewre ni otpsurp fo a nba, tbu ithw on ielnno inovtg, utnrtou aws olny bauto 8%. esvestrlheNe, het srtlue saenm rPisa wlil emeobc teh istrf ojmra aopnrueE tliapac ot olwtua teh ooscesrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Alarm bells should ring out when a democratically elected leader attempts to remain in power beyond their term. Ninety-nine percent of the time this leads to a dictatorship. It is vital to recognize the warning signs and not become complicit in the overthrow of democracy.", "scrambled": "aRletn e-oerscsto rae ot eb dowlueat ni het enhcFr ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre asw hdle slta ewke. nudoAr 89% fo tveso stac ewre ni otpsurp fo a nba, tbu ithw on ielnno inovtg, utnrtou aws olny bauto 8%. esvestrlheNe, het srtlue saenm rPisa wlil emeobc teh istrf ojmra aopnrueE tliapac ot olwtua teh ooscesrt.", "original": "Rental e-scooters are to be outlawed in the French capital after a referendum was held last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the scooters.", "recovered": "Alarm bells should ring out when a democratically elected leader attempts to remain in power beyond their term. Ninety-nine percent of the time this leads to a dictatorship. It is vital to recognize the warning signs and not become complicit in the overthrow of democracy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ecrRahse yb ewytaB ofndu tath eth etsW kihoeYsrr ycit saw eth asetl snyun ni eth KU, dwelfolo yb. olopBklac dan eeenrdAb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rapid spread of the internet and mobile devices has created a new world of opportunity for developers.", "scrambled": "ecrRahse yb ewytaB ofndu tath eth etsW kihoeYsrr ycit saw eth asetl snyun ni eth KU, dwelfolo yb. olopBklac dan eeenrdAb.", "original": "Research by Betway found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "recovered": "The rapid spread of the internet and mobile devices has created a new world of opportunity for developers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hsrcaRseree ekundd 17 uplproa iiuscbts ni sucp fo eat dan roddcere who nyma snkdu echa tpye drivsvue rbefoe anrgbiek ratap. ehT ffJaa keaC swa dlecerad hte rwnien \u2013 iepdest itccisr snniuteigoq tehhewr ti yarell si a iicbuts \u2013 twhi 116 undks, rcdopema hiwt eth Dsevitegi\u2019s xis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have discovered 17 new species of beetles in a single tree in the Amazon rainforest. The tree, known as a Ceiba, is thought to be more than 500 years old and is located in the Peruvian Amazon. The scientists, from the Natural History Museum in London, used a drone to take photographs of the tree, which helped them to identify and classify the beetles. This research adds to our understanding of biodiversity in the Amazon rainforest, which is one of the most diverse ecosystems on earth.", "scrambled": "hsrcaRseree ekundd 17 uplproa iiuscbts ni sucp fo eat dan roddcere who nyma snkdu echa tpye drivsvue rbefoe anrgbiek ratap. ehT ffJaa keaC swa dlecerad hte rwnien \u2013 iepdest itccisr snniuteigoq tehhewr ti yarell si a iicbuts \u2013 twhi 116 undks, rcdopema hiwt eth Dsevitegi\u2019s xis.", "original": "Researchers dunked 17 popular biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived before breaking apart. The Jaffa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 despite critics questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "recovered": "Scientists have discovered 17 new species of beetles in a single tree in the Amazon rainforest. The tree, known as a Ceiba, is thought to be more than 500 years old and is located in the Peruvian Amazon. The scientists, from the Natural History Museum in London, used a drone to take photographs of the tree, which helped them to identify and classify the beetles. This research adds to our understanding of biodiversity in the Amazon rainforest, which is one of the most diverse ecosystems on earth."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: teisednRs fo lhielhPpidaa hesdur ot uyb boteltd ertaw etarf het ityc ntes a lmbieo treal crnigdeenomm oeeppl tosp guins apt twrea edu ot eth pslil. iiclOffsa veah cenis dsia het itcy\u2019s irknidng etrwa si esaf ot seu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " These footprints lead to the back door, where the dog was waiting to be let in out of the rain.", "scrambled": "teisednRs fo lhielhPpidaa hesdur ot uyb boteltd ertaw etarf het ityc ntes a lmbieo treal crnigdeenomm oeeppl tosp guins apt twrea edu ot eth pslil. iiclOffsa veah cenis dsia het itcy\u2019s irknidng etrwa si esaf ot seu.", "original": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile alert recommending people stop using tap water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "recovered": "These footprints lead to the back door, where the dog was waiting to be let in out of the rain."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea aysotprreliopiontd eadfeftc, ogcdniacr ot a nwe trerop romf het Aciernma ugLn ciosAantsio. olriCanafi adh 10 fo het 25 stmo oeonz-utledlpo seicti. ewN orkY, Ciohcag nad adtfHror, tniCtccuoen, ewer het lyno rehte no eth stil teas fo eth sisisispipM rRiev.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have developed a new type of rope from acrylic fiber.  This rope can stretch up to 25% of its length and return to its original shape.  This property makes it ideal for bungee jumping, Chicago\u2019s favorite sport, and other activities that require elastic ropes.", "scrambled": "dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea aysotprreliopiontd eadfeftc, ogcdniacr ot a nwe trerop romf het Aciernma ugLn ciosAantsio. olriCanafi adh 10 fo het 25 stmo oeonz-utledlpo seicti. ewN orkY, Ciohcag nad adtfHror, tniCtccuoen, ewer het lyno rehte no eth stil teas fo eth sisisispipM rRiev.", "original": "Residents of Western cities are disproportionately affected, according to a new report from the American Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "recovered": "Scientists have developed a new type of rope from acrylic fiber.  This rope can stretch up to 25% of its length and return to its original shape.  This property makes it ideal for bungee jumping, Chicago\u2019s favorite sport, and other activities that require elastic ropes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: obRui ilwl vhea gegdlo a laott fo ta eltsa 371 ysda ni paecs, ASNA ilfoaisfc asid. ehT osuiervp drrceo fo 355 ysad saw ste yb aMkr endVa iHe ni 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Based on the data from 371 schools, ASNA found that 20% of students in grades 9-12 use vaping products. In 2022, an estimated 355,000 students used e-cigarettes, which was a decrease of 1 million students from 2022.", "scrambled": "obRui ilwl vhea gegdlo a laott fo ta eltsa 371 ysda ni paecs, ASNA ilfoaisfc asid. ehT osuiervp drrceo fo 355 ysad saw ste yb aMkr endVa iHe ni 2022.", "original": "Rubio will have logged a total of at least 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "recovered": "Based on the data from 371 schools, ASNA found that 20% of students in grades 9-12 use vaping products. In 2022, an estimated 355,000 students used e-cigarettes, which was a decrease of 1 million students from 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nlmSaod subbedn ahtw swa ebbudd eth \u201cthScitso inaotonroc\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna critddpee taht ralhCse duwlo eb eth \u201clsat iKgn fo octsS\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some scientists believe that the universe in which we live may be only one of many \u201cbubbles\u201d in a larger multiverse.", "scrambled": "nlmSaod subbedn ahtw swa ebbudd eth \u201cthScitso inaotonroc\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna critddpee taht ralhCse duwlo eb eth \u201clsat iKgn fo octsS\u201d.", "original": "Salmond snubbed what was dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d of the new monarch and predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast King of Scots\u201d.", "recovered": "Some scientists believe that the universe in which we live may be only one of many \u201cbubbles\u201d in a larger multiverse."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tnsiscSiet ta hnaCi\u2019s orutSnhe cldaMei sinyUtirve dkecart 212,000 iBtsirh altuds hitw na eaaervg aeg fo 54 orve a 12-erya oeipdr dan fnodu htat hseot ohw dathcte no a eoimbl rof 30 stumeni a ewke ewre 12% rmeo lelkiy ot eb nsgdioead ihtw ighh dobol ersesurp, leihw xsi rshuo a keew edsrai het iskr ot 25%. eTh srehserreca deseusggt ttah sxuepeor ot eht lwo eslvle fo fdrrcoaeunqeyi gyerne eimtted yb nopseh amy aeisr lobdo eesrpsur, dna pnndseig rshuo no alcls wsa lsoa kleidn ot orsew elspe nda hrghie setssr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This chart shows the estimated global average surface temperature from 1880 to 2017. The red line shows the average temperature from 2001 to 2017, the warmest decade on record. The blue shading shows the range between the warmest and coolest years during the period.", "scrambled": "tnsiscSiet ta hnaCi\u2019s orutSnhe cldaMei sinyUtirve dkecart 212,000 iBtsirh altuds hitw na eaaervg aeg fo 54 orve a 12-erya oeipdr dan fnodu htat hseot ohw dathcte no a eoimbl rof 30 stumeni a ewke ewre 12% rmeo lelkiy ot eb nsgdioead ihtw ighh dobol ersesurp, leihw xsi rshuo a keew edsrai het iskr ot 25%. eTh srehserreca deseusggt ttah sxuepeor ot eht lwo eslvle fo fdrrcoaeunqeyi gyerne eimtted yb nopseh amy aeisr lobdo eesrpsur, dna pnndseig rshuo no alcls wsa lsoa kleidn ot orsew elspe nda hrghie setssr.", "original": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by phones may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on calls was also linked to worse sleep and higher stress.", "recovered": "This chart shows the estimated global average surface temperature from 1880 to 2017. The red line shows the average temperature from 2001 to 2017, the warmest decade on record. The blue shading shows the range between the warmest and coolest years during the period."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ntaeSe OGP deareL chtMi lecCnoMln ldot trpsreero eh\u2019s \u201cefin\u201d eaftr ezgifren gndriu a wesn ocfncernee no Wdeysnead. cClenMlno sha leeidndc ot pxneial ywh eh ofrez pu, thhguo na iead isad eh wsa lfgieen ghtil-hddaee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " That\u2019s one of the reasons why we need to clearly define what we mean by \u201cwell-being\u201d.", "scrambled": "ntaeSe OGP deareL chtMi lecCnoMln ldot trpsreero eh\u2019s \u201cefin\u201d eaftr ezgifren gndriu a wesn ocfncernee no Wdeysnead. cClenMlno sha leeidndc ot pxneial ywh eh ofrez pu, thhguo na iead isad eh wsa lfgieen ghtil-hddaee.", "original": "Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell has declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed.", "recovered": "That\u2019s one of the reasons why we need to clearly define what we mean by \u201cwell-being\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eShporp eRso isonobnR nlmdeociap ot ybinsuaSr\u2019s ofr vniggi ist tucdorp a \u201csetxis\u201d enam, ndairgcoc ot het yilDa Satr. nnRsoboi si gnialcl no het keutemrpasr anich ot aerenm tsi \u201cgBi ydDad\u201d mrpu ateks, cwhhi hes sflee si a \u201ccgsisotmynii\u201d elbla. \u201cI wsa hsocekd nda sujt a itb opsinitdedap ttha ni tsih yad adn gea, ti wsa leisopbs rof ti ot kmea ti hutoghr thrveeaw nlechna ti dha ot evah mead ti htoghru ot etg tono eth svslehe,\u201d esh ddeda. banrsiSyu\u2019s adsi: \u201ceW teivsr ot eb a ulryt usiniclev lretreia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scorpion Race is one of Brian's favorite obstacle races. The Scorpion Race is a \"death race\" endurance competition, taking place over four days in the Danish Jutland. The first Scorpion Race was held in 2011, and since then, the race has been held annually in the last week of May. The race is organized by the Danish company \"The Final Race\", and is considered one of the world's toughest races. The race is a combination of running, obstacle courses, and survival tests, and the participants are only allowed to use a knife, a rope, and a headlamp. The race is designed by the Danish special forces, and is considered one of the world's most extreme races. The race is designed to test the limits of the participants' physical and mental strength, and only the toughest and most resilient can complete the race.", "scrambled": "eShporp eRso isonobnR nlmdeociap ot ybinsuaSr\u2019s ofr vniggi ist tucdorp a \u201csetxis\u201d enam, ndairgcoc ot het yilDa Satr. nnRsoboi si gnialcl no het keutemrpasr anich ot aerenm tsi \u201cgBi ydDad\u201d mrpu ateks, cwhhi hes sflee si a \u201ccgsisotmynii\u201d elbla. \u201cI wsa hsocekd nda sujt a itb opsinitdedap ttha ni tsih yad adn gea, ti wsa leisopbs rof ti ot kmea ti hutoghr thrveeaw nlechna ti dha ot evah mead ti htoghru ot etg tono eth svslehe,\u201d esh ddeda. banrsiSyu\u2019s adsi: \u201ceW teivsr ot eb a ulryt usiniclev lretreia.", "original": "Shopper Rose Robinson complained to Sainsbury\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is calling on the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she feels is a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked and just a bit disappointed that in this day and age, it was possible for it to make it through whatever channel it had to have made it through to get onto the shelves,\u201d she added. Sainsbury\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive to be a truly inclusive retailer.", "recovered": "Scorpion Race is one of Brian's favorite obstacle races. The Scorpion Race is a \"death race\" endurance competition, taking place over four days in the Danish Jutland. The first Scorpion Race was held in 2011, and since then, the race has been held annually in the last week of May. The race is organized by the Danish company \"The Final Race\", and is considered one of the world's toughest races. The race is a combination of running, obstacle courses, and survival tests, and the participants are only allowed to use a knife, a rope, and a headlamp. The race is designed by the Danish special forces, and is considered one of the world's most extreme races. The race is designed to test the limits of the participants' physical and mental strength, and only the toughest and most resilient can complete the race."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tiletskS\u2019 nsteew rvlaof ednso\u2019t astte lkei hte winroba \u2014 ti stteas elik urdmast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The steelyard was a device used to measure the weight of objects. It consisted of a balanced beam with a sliding weight on one end and a hook on the other to attach the object being weighed.", "scrambled": "tiletskS\u2019 nsteew rvlaof ednso\u2019t astte lkei hte winroba \u2014 ti stteas elik urdmast.", "original": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mustard.", "recovered": "The steelyard was a device used to measure the weight of objects. It consisted of a balanced beam with a sliding weight on one end and a hook on the other to attach the object being weighed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aSvrely amenedri lniectyhalc agell ni oniUn satest tlinu 1865, nda esom aaesr fo wlraDaee nda cuyentKk enuonctid teh actcriep tinlu atht miet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The secret agreement of the three powers, in which it was provided that the treaty of peace should be concluded at a certain time, was made public in 1865, and the present war arose from the failure of that agreement.", "scrambled": "aSvrely amenedri lniectyhalc agell ni oniUn satest tlinu 1865, nda esom aaesr fo wlraDaee nda cuyentKk enuonctid teh actcriep tinlu atht miet.", "original": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky continued the practice until that time.", "recovered": "The secret agreement of the three powers, in which it was provided that the treaty of peace should be concluded at a certain time, was made public in 1865, and the present war arose from the failure of that agreement."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: mSeo atorscmDe hvae ecladl rfo eth miahtmcpeen fo reuSpme rtCou Jctiseu lereCanc oahTsm lnlgwooif a bloleshbm orpert atth idedetla aishlv tiprs apdi orf yb a iariibllneo aler ateets eagtnam, ciwhh ecuindld lvtiargen no ihs cyath dan earpvti tje.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have discovered a new species of bee in the Middle East that can see in the dark.", "scrambled": "mSeo atorscmDe hvae ecladl rfo eth miahtmcpeen fo reuSpme rtCou Jctiseu lereCanc oahTsm lnlgwooif a bloleshbm orpert atth idedetla aishlv tiprs apdi orf yb a iariibllneo aler ateets eagtnam, ciwhh ecuindld lvtiargen no ihs cyath dan earpvti tje.", "original": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas following a bombshell report that detailed lavish trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, which included traveling on his yacht and private jet.", "recovered": "Scientists have discovered a new species of bee in the Middle East that can see in the dark."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe iltiatnonrane salrtreev eviganl lAuandkc Iaotnratnilen poitrrA ilwl nsoo eb daeks ot sept no eth csale ot hepl gahert atad no teh etigwh lado dan siutnrditobi rfo rAi wNe aadZnel nlpesa, eth ariilne asdi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some international organizations such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund often point to Argentina\u2019s default as an example of how not to manage a country\u2019s economy. On the other side, many Argentinians argue that the country\u2019s economic situation improved after the default, and that it was the only way to solve the serious problems of the previous regime.", "scrambled": "Smoe iltiatnonrane salrtreev eviganl lAuandkc Iaotnratnilen poitrrA ilwl nsoo eb daeks ot sept no eth csale ot hepl gahert atad no teh etigwh lado dan siutnrditobi rfo rAi wNe aadZnel nlpesa, eth ariilne asdi.", "original": "Some international travelers leaving Auckland International Airport will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribution for Air New Zealand planes, the airline said.", "recovered": "Some international organizations such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund often point to Argentina\u2019s default as an example of how not to manage a country\u2019s economy. On the other side, many Argentinians argue that the country\u2019s economic situation improved after the default, and that it was the only way to solve the serious problems of the previous regime."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: mSeo eorihgnhsdoob ni wraorBd ounCty era nedur eqauirnnta aefrt gnigthssi fo navsieiv tgnai fcnriAa anld nsisla, hwhic ate ta aetsl 500 reedtniff tsype fo sltnpa nad nca laso mophc ghrotuh cutsoc, atilcps reigylncc nisb nad eenv nisgs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some scientists believe that the moon may be made of green cheese.", "scrambled": "mSeo eorihgnhsdoob ni wraorBd ounCty era nedur eqauirnnta aefrt gnigthssi fo navsieiv tgnai fcnriAa anld nsisla, hwhic ate ta aetsl 500 reedtniff tsype fo sltnpa nad nca laso mophc ghrotuh cutsoc, atilcps reigylncc nisb nad eenv nisgs.", "original": "Some neighborhoods in Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also chomp through stucco, plastic recycling bins and even signs.", "recovered": "Some scientists believe that the moon may be made of green cheese."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: onsSud cshu sa ehgniwc, nniffigs dan ould aitbreghn rea naeltilobre ofr neo ni vfei rtisB, het sduyt nfduo. chesrrsaeRe mfor nKgi\u2019s gloeeCl oondnL nda rxodOf Uiytsinvre iuedzqz reom anht 770 oepelp ot erniedtme owh anmy ahd a tgihf-ro-lifgth enespors ot shuc yyaverde inoess.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Since the beginning of the 19th century, the region around the city of Nice has been part of the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia, then the Kingdom of Italy. Nice was annexed into the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia in 1806, following the defeat of the Republic of Genoa in the War of the Third Coalition. The city became the capital of the County of Nice, which was annexed into the Kingdom of Sardinia in 1815. The County, which included the areas that today make up the regions of Corsica, Monaco and the Alpes-Maritimes, was ceded by the last heirs of the House of Savoy in 1861, in exchange for the Duchy of Aosta.", "scrambled": "onsSud cshu sa ehgniwc, nniffigs dan ould aitbreghn rea naeltilobre ofr neo ni vfei rtisB, het sduyt nfduo. chesrrsaeRe mfor nKgi\u2019s gloeeCl oondnL nda rxodOf Uiytsinvre iuedzqz reom anht 770 oepelp ot erniedtme owh anmy ahd a tgihf-ro-lifgth enespors ot shuc yyaverde inoess.", "original": "Sounds such as chewing, sniffing and loud breathing are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such everyday noises.", "recovered": "Since the beginning of the 19th century, the region around the city of Nice has been part of the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia, then the Kingdom of Italy. Nice was annexed into the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia in 1806, following the defeat of the Republic of Genoa in the War of the Third Coalition. The city became the capital of the County of Nice, which was annexed into the Kingdom of Sardinia in 1815. The County, which included the areas that today make up the regions of Corsica, Monaco and the Alpes-Maritimes, was ceded by the last heirs of the House of Savoy in 1861, in exchange for the Duchy of Aosta."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pXScea\u2019s raptisSh, eth omst wloueprf rtoekc evre bulti, toko ffo fmor a hclnua pda ni uhoSt easxT no asuyrhdT onmirgn. rHeeovw, eth cortek dlexdepo sles hnta rheet snteumi inot tis fsitr tste ltghfi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please scratch my back, the insect is too quick for me to catch.", "scrambled": "pXScea\u2019s raptisSh, eth omst wloueprf rtoekc evre bulti, toko ffo fmor a hclnua pda ni uhoSt easxT no asuyrhdT onmirgn. rHeeovw, eth cortek dlexdepo sles hnta rheet snteumi inot tis fsitr tste ltghfi.", "original": "SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the rocket exploded less than three minutes into its first test flight.", "recovered": "Please scratch my back, the insect is too quick for me to catch."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: piaegSkn ot heT nudyaS mesiT, eht Pcnrei fo eWsla egeldpd ot seu eth aolyR dutnnaiooF ot \u201cdne sesnhoslmsee\u201d ni het KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev nebe tiniagw orf teh trhgi mite ot od siht.\u201d iPrenc liWlima swa 11 hwne ihs rmetoh ootk mhi ot a hseemlos elesrht ni nLdoon \u2013 \u201ca rtoamfevi otmnem\u201d rfo hte ngoyu yralo, aids het prpae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have discovered a new species of monkey in the Amazon rainforest, describing it as \u201ca new type of primate\u201d that could help us understand how our immune system works. The new species, which has been named \u201cnight monkey\u201d in the KU language, was found in a remote area of the Amazon rainforest \u2013 an area that is very hard to access, known as \u201cimpenetrable forest\u201d.", "scrambled": "piaegSkn ot heT nudyaS mesiT, eht Pcnrei fo eWsla egeldpd ot seu eth aolyR dutnnaiooF ot \u201cdne sesnhoslmsee\u201d ni het KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev nebe tiniagw orf teh trhgi mite ot od siht.\u201d iPrenc liWlima swa 11 hwne ihs rmetoh ootk mhi ot a hseemlos elesrht ni nLdoon \u2013 \u201ca rtoamfevi otmnem\u201d rfo hte ngoyu yralo, aids het prpae.", "original": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "recovered": "Scientists have discovered a new species of monkey in the Amazon rainforest, describing it as \u201ca new type of primate\u201d that could help us understand how our immune system works. The new species, which has been named \u201cnight monkey\u201d in the KU language, was found in a remote area of the Amazon rainforest \u2013 an area that is very hard to access, known as \u201cimpenetrable forest\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Selpnictoua sha bnee ilsginwr fro aesry oautb a elontpait uqsele ot eth 1988 lfmi \u201cieujcBtleee.\u201d owN, ti\u2019s fcfliioa: Teh \u201costgh ihwt eth tsmo\u201d wlli ekam a nrteru.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Solved in the year 1988, the \u201cI\u2019ve got a secret\u201d message is a famous example. Now, it\u2019s a piece of cake: The \u201cother half\u201d will come out automatically.", "scrambled": "Selpnictoua sha bnee ilsginwr fro aesry oautb a elontpait uqsele ot eth 1988 lfmi \u201cieujcBtleee.\u201d owN, ti\u2019s fcfliioa: Teh \u201costgh ihwt eth tsmo\u201d wlli ekam a nrteru.", "original": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will make a return.", "recovered": "Solved in the year 1988, the \u201cI\u2019ve got a secret\u201d message is a famous example. Now, it\u2019s a piece of cake: The \u201cother half\u201d will come out automatically."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: weSend\u2019s neoeLr now het isoivourEn ogSn setntCo orf eth nodsce emti. heT enirsg, how nwo hte itonpcomeit ni 2012, dtuhripem ni oloiervpL itwh ppo-anhemt \u201cattToo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " WeSendIt\u2019s new logo now features green and blue colors on the nodes of the network. The colors, which first appeared in 2012, are intended to represent \u201cAttention\u201d.", "scrambled": "weSend\u2019s neoeLr now het isoivourEn ogSn setntCo orf eth nodsce emti. heT enirsg, how nwo hte itonpcomeit ni 2012, dtuhripem ni oloiervpL itwh ppo-anhemt \u201cattToo\u201d.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in Liverpool with pop-anthem \u201cTattoo\u201d.", "recovered": "WeSendIt\u2019s new logo now features green and blue colors on the nodes of the network. The colors, which first appeared in 2012, are intended to represent \u201cAttention\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eeSdnw\u2019s eenorL onw eth odrwc-anilepgs whso hdle ni ilverooLp, tdiUne Kdmonig, no aflbhe fo kUearin. eSh bcaeme sutj hte soecnd fomrprere ot nwi eht mipooientct omer nath eonc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " These silver-backed moths, known for their delicate wings, emerge in the evening to feed on nectar. They become the second form from the pupa, after the complete transformation from the egg, larva, and pupa forms.", "scrambled": "eeSdnw\u2019s eenorL onw eth odrwc-anilepgs whso hdle ni ilverooLp, tdiUne Kdmonig, no aflbhe fo kUearin. eSh bcaeme sutj hte soecnd fomrprere ot nwi eht mipooientct omer nath eonc.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the crowd-pleasing show held in Liverpool, United Kingdom, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once.", "recovered": "These silver-backed moths, known for their delicate wings, emerge in the evening to feed on nectar. They become the second form from the pupa, after the complete transformation from the egg, larva, and pupa forms."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s gcnrituk stffa yb igivgn heca uetckrr a ckhce ni hte mauton fo $100,000. \u201cTeh piyaltc oumnta si $5,000 ot $10,000 hcea. oS ihts glaer mnaotu si iabbeulneevl,\u201d aisd eiclMha habeceSckhrn, renoduf adn OCE fo iomSonhto igrnktcu pyncoma, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr fo hte aetsg dan etrutsucr rfo tSwfi\u2019s rEsa Tuor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s not uncommon for students to receive cash for their used textbooks. One company, Cash4Books.net, will give you money for your textbooks if you enter the ISBN number into their automated system. The payout amount is usually $5,000 or $10,000. As for glitches, one user claimed that the site froze when he tried to enter more than 20 ISBN numbers at a time. Other than that minor problem, the site seems to work pretty well.", "scrambled": "ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s gcnrituk stffa yb igivgn heca uetckrr a ckhce ni hte mauton fo $100,000. \u201cTeh piyaltc oumnta si $5,000 ot $10,000 hcea. oS ihts glaer mnaotu si iabbeulneevl,\u201d aisd eiclMha habeceSckhrn, renoduf adn OCE fo iomSonhto igrnktcu pyncoma, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr fo hte aetsg dan etrutsucr rfo tSwfi\u2019s rEsa Tuor.", "original": "Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff by giving each trucker a check in the amount of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, founder and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles transportation of the stage and structure for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.", "recovered": "It\u2019s not uncommon for students to receive cash for their used textbooks. One company, Cash4Books.net, will give you money for your textbooks if you enter the ISBN number into their automated system. The payout amount is usually $5,000 or $10,000. As for glitches, one user claimed that the site froze when he tried to enter more than 20 ISBN numbers at a time. Other than that minor problem, the site seems to work pretty well."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eaTsl ooynct uskM dan Appel oc-edfrnuo eetSv niWkzao ear goamn rmoe ntah 1,000 iriteosagns fo na pneo teetrl agriung taht rkow no \u201cingat IA tisxpermeen\u201d lshduo eb spedau inltu \u201cew ear nindetocf taht trieh fceefst ilwl eb itiepsvo nad reith rssik iwll eb aaeemngbal\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This article explores the potential risks and benefits of using artificial intelligence (AI) in the context of autonomous weapons. It first provides a brief overview of AI and autonomous weapons, and then discusses the risks associated with their use, including the risk of misuse, the risk of escalation, the risk of uncontrollability, and the risk of unintended consequences. The article also discusses the potential benefits of using AI in autonomous weapons, including the potential for increased effectiveness, efficiency, and flexibility. Finally, it concludes by noting that while the risks associated with the use of AI in autonomous weapons are significant, the potential benefits also warrant careful consideration.", "scrambled": "eaTsl ooynct uskM dan Appel oc-edfrnuo eetSv niWkzao ear goamn rmoe ntah 1,000 iriteosagns fo na pneo teetrl agriung taht rkow no \u201cingat IA tisxpermeen\u201d lshduo eb spedau inltu \u201cew ear nindetocf taht trieh fceefst ilwl eb itiepsvo nad reith rssik iwll eb aaeemngbal\u201d.", "original": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are among more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing that work on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "recovered": "This article explores the potential risks and benefits of using artificial intelligence (AI) in the context of autonomous weapons. It first provides a brief overview of AI and autonomous weapons, and then discusses the risks associated with their use, including the risk of misuse, the risk of escalation, the risk of uncontrollability, and the risk of unintended consequences. The article also discusses the potential benefits of using AI in autonomous weapons, including the potential for increased effectiveness, efficiency, and flexibility. Finally, it concludes by noting that while the risks associated with the use of AI in autonomous weapons are significant, the potential benefits also warrant careful consideration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: exTas wsa hte ftisr staet ot enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a aetst doahyli no rJynuaa 1, 1980.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The state of Texas was the first state to require seat belts in 1980.", "scrambled": "exTas wsa hte ftisr staet ot enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a aetst doahyli no rJynuaa 1, 1980.", "original": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on January 1, 1980.", "recovered": "The state of Texas was the first state to require seat belts in 1980."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hatT\u2019s pu mrfo 49% tlas hmotn racgnicod ot iglnpol yb sopIs rof heT lpaeTgerh. nI eth seam oliplgn, ti wsa ndouf tath 50% eeblvie taht oto uhmc eyomn swa petsn no eth ncrooaoint. nI Alipr, 33% doceebtj ot eth csot. toAlms wto-hdirst eerw aewar fo teh srestar fo tain-oyhmarnc sroeerstpt ta het ocaoroitnn, dan fo hoest, lony otw ni eifv hhuottg het plcieo hda aetdc tyreipalaprpo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " That\u2019s put me off meat for life. It\u2019s so horrible. It\u2019s not natural. I\u2019ll never understand how anyone can eat something that has a face and eyes and is your friend. I\u2019ll never eat meat again. Always look in people\u2019s eyes when you talk to them, and never trust anyone who hates animals. I love animals. They\u2019re so beautiful. I wish I could protect them all.", "scrambled": "hatT\u2019s pu mrfo 49% tlas hmotn racgnicod ot iglnpol yb sopIs rof heT lpaeTgerh. nI eth seam oliplgn, ti wsa ndouf tath 50% eeblvie taht oto uhmc eyomn swa petsn no eth ncrooaoint. nI Alipr, 33% doceebtj ot eth csot. toAlms wto-hdirst eerw aewar fo teh srestar fo tain-oyhmarnc sroeerstpt ta het ocaoroitnn, dan fo hoest, lony otw ni eifv hhuottg het plcieo hda aetdc tyreipalaprpo.", "original": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ipsos for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and of those, only two in five thought the police had acted appropriately.", "recovered": "That\u2019s put me off meat for life. It\u2019s so horrible. It\u2019s not natural. I\u2019ll never understand how anyone can eat something that has a face and eyes and is your friend. I\u2019ll never eat meat again. Always look in people\u2019s eyes when you talk to them, and never trust anyone who hates animals. I love animals. They\u2019re so beautiful. I wish I could protect them all."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh 13ht mndmeAnet, fiietadr no cmebeDre 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi seoihlbda cttaelh ryvlaes ni het iUtned asStte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 13th amendment, which abolished slavery, was ratified on December 6, 1865.", "scrambled": "eTh 13ht mndmeAnet, fiietadr no cmebeDre 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi seoihlbda cttaelh ryvlaes ni het iUtned asStte.", "original": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished chattel slavery in the United States.", "recovered": "The 13th amendment, which abolished slavery, was ratified on December 6, 1865."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao noeiovtnCn llwi eb delh ni giCahco, eehwr het rtayp ilwl ilcfoflyia tmeanoni cedastinad orf tidpsnree dan ceiv idsnepert.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In the year 2024, the city of Detroit will host the NCAA men's basketball tournament, which will be played at Little Caesars Arena. The event will bring a lot of people into the city, and will be a great opportunity for Detroit to show off its new arena.", "scrambled": "eTh 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao noeiovtnCn llwi eb delh ni giCahco, eehwr het rtayp ilwl ilcfoflyia tmeanoni cedastinad orf tidpsnree dan ceiv idsnepert.", "original": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "recovered": "In the year 2024, the city of Detroit will host the NCAA men's basketball tournament, which will be played at Little Caesars Arena. The event will bring a lot of people into the city, and will be a great opportunity for Detroit to show off its new arena."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Sdeehhpr si vreieicng ewn gniritan efatr tWehi uHose lpnsoerne readis nronsecc tabuo estyfa no het rpesmise.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The two-toned grey and brown Amazon parrotlet is a small parrot native to the tropical forests of South America. They are very social and live in large flocks, they are very friendly and are not afraid of people. They have a very high level of intelligence and are very curious, they like to explore and investigate everything around them. They are very playful and love to have fun, they like to hang out in groups and play together. They are very vocal and have a large vocabulary, they are very talkative and love to communicate. They are also very clever and are able to solve problems, they are very adaptable and can adjust to different situations. They are also very clean and love to take baths, they are also very good at mimicking sounds and words. They are also very good at problem solving and are able to figure out solutions to problems. They are also very good at learning and are able to pick up new skills quickly. They are also very good at remembering things and are able to recall information", "scrambled": "ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Sdeehhpr si vreieicng ewn gniritan efatr tWehi uHose lpnsoerne readis nronsecc tabuo estyfa no het rpesmise.", "original": "The 22-month-old German Shepherd is receiving new training after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on the premises.", "recovered": "The two-toned grey and brown Amazon parrotlet is a small parrot native to the tropical forests of South America. They are very social and live in large flocks, they are very friendly and are not afraid of people. They have a very high level of intelligence and are very curious, they like to explore and investigate everything around them. They are very playful and love to have fun, they like to hang out in groups and play together. They are very vocal and have a large vocabulary, they are very talkative and love to communicate. They are also very clever and are able to solve problems, they are very adaptable and can adjust to different situations. They are also very clean and love to take baths, they are also very good at mimicking sounds and words. They are also very good at problem solving and are able to figure out solutions to problems. They are also very good at learning and are able to pick up new skills quickly. They are also very good at remembering things and are able to recall information"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh 24-ryae-dol rrisket\u2019s bluc arsPi nSati-aGimner dretlepyor aveg hte audiS oPr Laeegu esid rpsosiiemn ot akesp ot mhi areft geiriencv hte roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed edmlica pb\u00e9paM dha esderfu ot ntree atneoniigtso. isH rntaccto hwit het hceFnr edsi si ued ot eeirxp txen eJnu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " That 24-year-old man was arrested for the brutal murder of his girlfriend. The suspect, Satoshi Gemma, had previously been expelled from school for sexual harassment of a junior high school girl. According to witnesses, the victim\u2019s body was found in a field near the river. The police suspect that the murder was the result of a quarrel. The victim\u2019s body showed signs of being hit by a heavy object, but the medical examiner determined that the cause of death was drowning. The victim had no drugs or alcohol in her system.", "scrambled": "eTh 24-ryae-dol rrisket\u2019s bluc arsPi nSati-aGimner dretlepyor aveg hte audiS oPr Laeegu esid rpsosiiemn ot akesp ot mhi areft geiriencv hte roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed edmlica pb\u00e9paM dha esderfu ot ntree atneoniigtso. isH rntaccto hwit het hceFnr edsi si ued ot eeirxp txen eJnu.", "original": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Pro League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire next June.", "recovered": "That 24-year-old man was arrested for the brutal murder of his girlfriend. The suspect, Satoshi Gemma, had previously been expelled from school for sexual harassment of a junior high school girl. According to witnesses, the victim\u2019s body was found in a field near the river. The police suspect that the murder was the result of a quarrel. The victim\u2019s body showed signs of being hit by a heavy object, but the medical examiner determined that the cause of death was drowning. The victim had no drugs or alcohol in her system."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT 36-reya-odl Janiaacm snpeitrr abet a lifed ttha ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Lecydek, itsnen asrt gaI wk\u0105eit\u015a nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-derohl nSdyye halciLugnM-eeLvnro. lnoLei esMis aws amedn mrssonatp fo eht raye ta eth wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 36-year-old Janiaacm snpeitrr abet a lifed ttha ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Lecydek, itsnen asrt gaI wk\u0105eit\u015a nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-derohl nSdyye halciLugnM-eeLvnro. lnoLei esMis aws amedn mrssonatp fo eht raye ta eth wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd.", "scrambled": "heT 36-reya-odl Janiaacm snpeitrr abet a lifed ttha ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Lecydek, itsnen asrt gaI wk\u0105eit\u015a nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-derohl nSdyye halciLugnM-eeLvnro. lnoLei esMis aws amedn mrssonatp fo eht raye ta eth wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd.", "original": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included swimmer Katie Ledecky, tennis star Iga \u015awi\u0105tek and 400m hurdles record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levrone. Lionel Messi was named sportsman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday.", "recovered": "The 36-year-old Janiaacm snpeitrr abet a lifed ttha ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Lecydek, itsnen asrt gaI wk\u0105eit\u015a nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-derohl nSdyye halciLugnM-eeLvnro. lnoLei esMis aws amedn mrssonatp fo eht raye ta eth wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 92-yera-dol linblreaoii etm thmSi, 66, ta ihs ta shi lBe iAr nraveiyd alst eSbrmeetp, lsse atnh a raye rtaef shi eovdcir rofm rhtfuo ewfi rJyre lHal asw nliesfida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 92-year-old billionaire Linblad, 66, who has a home in the area, was meeting with staff members from the resort, which is owned by his company, when the storm hit.", "scrambled": "Teh 92-yera-dol linblreaoii etm thmSi, 66, ta ihs ta shi lBe iAr nraveiyd alst eSbrmeetp, lsse atnh a raye rtaef shi eovdcir rofm rhtfuo ewfi rJyre lHal asw nliesfida.", "original": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was finalised.", "recovered": "The 92-year-old billionaire Linblad, 66, who has a home in the area, was meeting with staff members from the resort, which is owned by his company, when the storm hit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT knBa fo ldgEann\u2019s fiech mcesontoi cfade a efcire bhlkacsa etfra itelgln a odspatc hatt KU ohshedouls nda mnciaepso dnee ot \u201ctpos grtniy ot tmnaaiin htrie rale negpdsni owrpe yb niibdgd pu eirpsc treewhh rhtgohu ihherg ewasg ro snaigsp yenreg tscos no ot trsesuomc\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Here is a message for all the people of Middle-earth: Be vigilant! The Enemy is stirring.", "scrambled": "heT knBa fo ldgEann\u2019s fiech mcesontoi cfade a efcire bhlkacsa etfra itelgln a odspatc hatt KU ohshedouls nda mnciaepso dnee ot \u201ctpos grtniy ot tmnaaiin htrie rale negpdsni owrpe yb niibdgd pu eirpsc treewhh rhtgohu ihherg ewasg ro snaigsp yenreg tscos no ot trsesuomc\u201d.", "original": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a fierce backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to customers\u201d.", "recovered": "Here is a message for all the people of Middle-earth: Be vigilant! The Enemy is stirring."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh enBdi iornamtaindtsi podrvape eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. tI si a eviasms nda ecesdad-lngo ilo rlliigdn ruvntee no skAaal\u2019s throN Spoel ni het tNinlaoa lroeePtmu vReeres, hiwch si nodwe yb hte eefalrd trennmvego.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Benedictine monks of St. Procola Abbey have been making this wine for over 1000 years. This is a medium-bodied red wine with soft tannins from the Spoelgoed vineyard, located in the cool climate area of Stellenbosch.", "scrambled": "eTh enBdi iornamtaindtsi podrvape eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. tI si a eviasms nda ecesdad-lngo ilo rlliigdn ruvntee no skAaal\u2019s throN Spoel ni het tNinlaoa lroeePtmu vReeres, hiwch si nodwe yb hte eefalrd trennmvego.", "original": "The Biden administration approved the controversial Willow Project in Alaska. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserve, which is owned by the federal government.", "recovered": "The Benedictine monks of St. Procola Abbey have been making this wine for over 1000 years. This is a medium-bodied red wine with soft tannins from the Spoelgoed vineyard, located in the cool climate area of Stellenbosch."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT tiishrB rkabye cniha si tse fro a mrocotuor hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi olniucC freta nbeig nedied oimpssiner ot lsle tho dfoo ta tsi fgshalpi ndLono uetotl fraet 11mp. heT itlocipapna asw jedcetre slta ryea aetrf ceopli deawnr hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueaasg lrsol rdsike ulgiefln \u201cmcrei nda dsrderio\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This is a scrambled sentence to test your ability to recover the original sentence.", "scrambled": "heT tiishrB rkabye cniha si tse fro a mrocotuor hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi olniucC freta nbeig nedied oimpssiner ot lsle tho dfoo ta tsi fgshalpi ndLono uetotl fraet 11mp. heT itlocipapna asw jedcetre slta ryea aetrf ceopli deawnr hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueaasg lrsol rdsike ulgiefln \u201cmcrei nda dsrderio\u201d.", "original": "The British bakery chain is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied permission to sell hot food at its flagship London outlet after 11pm. The application was rejected last year after police warned that selling late-night sausage rolls risked fuelling \u201ccrime and disorder\u201d.", "recovered": "This is a scrambled sentence to test your ability to recover the original sentence."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ilrfaiCaon-bdsae yralo enaddtet sierahng ni a sialwtu ahtt eh adn rhoet ihgh-orepfli iuersgf \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE Jnho, zLi lreHyu nda deSia osFrt \u2013 heav tbuohgr tsagain cAdateoiss wsNeaprpes iLdmeit ofr ledagel icvrayp eaebrsch.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Although the concept of a self-replicating machine is often associated with science fiction, it is actually a logical consequence of the laws of physics and chemistry.", "scrambled": "eTh ilrfaiCaon-bdsae yralo enaddtet sierahng ni a sialwtu ahtt eh adn rhoet ihgh-orepfli iuersgf \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE Jnho, zLi lreHyu nda deSia osFrt \u2013 heav tbuohgr tsagain cAdateoiss wsNeaprpes iLdmeit ofr ledagel icvrayp eaebrsch.", "original": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including Elton John, Liz Hurley and Sadie Frost \u2013 have brought against Associated Newspapers Limited for alleged privacy breaches.", "recovered": "Although the concept of a self-replicating machine is often associated with science fiction, it is actually a logical consequence of the laws of physics and chemistry."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe andemC vireD-nI ni Ceandm, ewN Jeryse enpdoe ni nJue fo 1933. Teh cepir fo dminsiosa asw 25 enstc rof eth arc dan 25 nsect erp osenrp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The demonic virus known as the \"Cancer\" first appeared in New Jersey during 1933. The severity of this epidemic reached 25 percent of the population within 25 years.", "scrambled": "hTe andemC vireD-nI ni Ceandm, ewN Jeryse enpdoe ni nJue fo 1933. Teh cepir fo dminsiosa asw 25 enstc rof eth arc dan 25 nsect erp osenrp.", "original": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person.", "recovered": "The demonic virus known as the \"Cancer\" first appeared in New Jersey during 1933. The severity of this epidemic reached 25 percent of the population within 25 years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT urhhCc fo nndgEla si silegln tis etnsniesvtm ni PB, Slelh dan torhe lio dna sga ntsiag eauesbc ythe od otn \u201crtpocte oGd\u2019s rianetco\u201d. pcArohsihb fo rrCuabntye tisnJu beylW, a ormfer ilo dtynruis korewr, idas hte actmile isrisc \u201ceenthatrs eht enaplt ew ivel no\u201d. orF 10 isnhgt ouy dnee ot nokw eahc yad, isng pu ot eht iDayl feginBir twetnelsre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This puzzle is based on a famous quote by Plato. Your task is to unscramble the quote and then figure out the number of letters in each of the words. The answer to the puzzle is the sum of those word lengths. Good luck!", "scrambled": "heT urhhCc fo nndgEla si silegln tis etnsniesvtm ni PB, Slelh dan torhe lio dna sga ntsiag eauesbc ythe od otn \u201crtpocte oGd\u2019s rianetco\u201d. pcArohsihb fo rrCuabntye tisnJu beylW, a ormfer ilo dtynruis korewr, idas hte actmile isrisc \u201ceenthatrs eht enaplt ew ivel no\u201d. orF 10 isnhgt ouy dnee ot nokw eahc yad, isng pu ot eht iDayl feginBir twetnelsre.", "original": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter.", "recovered": "This puzzle is based on a famous quote by Plato. Your task is to unscramble the quote and then figure out the number of letters in each of the words. The answer to the puzzle is the sum of those word lengths. Good luck!"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT iaenotCnnlt nCsresgo ddtopea hte aelaDrotcin fo necIdneepnde hilew eeigtmn ni hadailheiPlp ta teh sPnenvalyian Steat oesuH \u2013 own decnepdneIen llaH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Aeneas cannot forget Dido, the queen of Carthage, whom he loved during the Trojan War. Even after he escapes from the burning city, Aeneas is still haunted by memories of Dido. Eventually, the gods intervene and Aeneas is given a sign that he must leave Carthage and begin the journey to Italy, where he will found the city of Rome.", "scrambled": "heT iaenotCnnlt nCsresgo ddtopea hte aelaDrotcin fo necIdneepnde hilew eeigtmn ni hadailheiPlp ta teh sPnenvalyian Steat oesuH \u2013 own decnepdneIen llaH.", "original": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall.", "recovered": "Aeneas cannot forget Dido, the queen of Carthage, whom he loved during the Trojan War. Even after he escapes from the burning city, Aeneas is still haunted by memories of Dido. Eventually, the gods intervene and Aeneas is given a sign that he must leave Carthage and begin the journey to Italy, where he will found the city of Rome."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh Duek nda eDucssh fo sesxuS ahev dsai tath yteh erwe olevndiv ni a \u201caner tcrascptaioh arc aches\u201d onigilnvv aarzapipz tgoreoahprpsh ni wNe kYor. nI a nttetemsa, heyt bredsecdi gibne elyelrtenssl dusprue yb a gagn fo riapazpza ni aklcdbe-otu iseveclh orf wto ursoh. weN orkY iCty ceiopl fdcomrnie taht lwehi het laroy cepolu\u2019s yrnejuo aws liaenghncgl, eehrt rewe on rtedreop oosnlicsil, umeosmssn, sjiineur ro asrrset.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This duckling needs to be fed every few hours, so make sure you check on it often. If it doesn\u2019t eat enough it will get weak and die.", "scrambled": "eTh Duek nda eDucssh fo sesxuS ahev dsai tath yteh erwe olevndiv ni a \u201caner tcrascptaioh arc aches\u201d onigilnvv aarzapipz tgoreoahprpsh ni wNe kYor. nI a nttetemsa, heyt bredsecdi gibne elyelrtenssl dusprue yb a gagn fo riapazpza ni aklcdbe-otu iseveclh orf wto ursoh. weN orkY iCty ceiopl fdcomrnie taht lwehi het laroy cepolu\u2019s yrnejuo aws liaenghncgl, eehrt rewe on rtedreop oosnlicsil, umeosmssn, sjiineur ro asrrset.", "original": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in New York. In a statement, they described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in blacked-out vehicles for two hours. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were no reported collisions, summonses, injuries or arrests.", "recovered": "This duckling needs to be fed every few hours, so make sure you check on it often. If it doesn\u2019t eat enough it will get weak and die."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh tchDu astr btea renGwy Pcier 11-5 ot nwi het rerPeim agueeL taDrs inlaf ta oonLdn\u2019s 02 eAarn no ahrydTus. nVa wneerG ktsea hte etitsl rdoecr orfm ixs-mesti nnwire hlPi aorTyl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Chicago Bears are playing the Pittsburgh Steelers in the Super Bowl on February 2. No one knows who will win the game, but many people are predicting that the Steelers will win.", "scrambled": "Teh tchDu astr btea renGwy Pcier 11-5 ot nwi het rerPeim agueeL taDrs inlaf ta oonLdn\u2019s 02 eAarn no ahrydTus. nVa wneerG ktsea hte etitsl rdoecr orfm ixs-mesti nnwire hlPi aorTyl.", "original": "The Dutch star beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win the Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena on Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record from six-times winner Phil Taylor.", "recovered": "The Chicago Bears are playing the Pittsburgh Steelers in the Super Bowl on February 2. No one knows who will win the game, but many people are predicting that the Steelers will win."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT BIF deanwr eolepp inasatg insgu bipluc henop raigngch otsinast ni eordr ot vdaoi oisxgnep hiter deiesvc ot iiaulcsom tfoaewrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please be informed that due to inclement weather, the school will be closed today.", "scrambled": "ehT BIF deanwr eolepp inasatg insgu bipluc henop raigngch otsinast ni eordr ot vdaoi oisxgnep hiter deiesvc ot iiaulcsom tfoaewrs.", "original": "The FBI warned people against using public phone charging stations in order to avoid exposing their devices to malicious software.", "recovered": "Please be informed that due to inclement weather, the school will be closed today."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT ADF no ensWadeyd vpdoprae zPeifr\u2019s VRS aiencvc fro drleo taulsd, eth osdecn uhsc osht repdvpoa fro eth uisrv.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ADF now includes Wadeyd vpdoprae zPeifr\u2019s VRS among its endorsed alternative risk transfer solutions, and the OSDECN UHSC OSHT REPDVPOA from the UISRV.", "scrambled": "ehT ADF no ensWadeyd vpdoprae zPeifr\u2019s VRS aiencvc fro drleo taulsd, eth osdecn uhsc osht repdvpoa fro eth uisrv.", "original": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the second such shot approved for the virus.", "recovered": "The ADF now includes Wadeyd vpdoprae zPeifr\u2019s VRS among its endorsed alternative risk transfer solutions, and the OSDECN UHSC OSHT REPDVPOA from the UISRV."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe TCF si iugsn zomaAn, iglelnag ttha teh e-mrmececo aingt hsa ectrkid ollimisn fo reuscosmn noti gsnngii pu rfo sit Pmeir soipibsunrtc sriecev hhutogr dceiepvet uers nefearcit siegdns. ehT acmnoitpl osal teksa ami ta znAmao fro ldayeegll tyrgni ot ekpe erssu rsudbebcis ohw wehsid ot ecanlc eirth rimphmsebse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The TCF team is excited to announce the launch of the Emerging Companies Online Monitoring Service for reporting, which provides public companies with a simple, cost-effective solution for XBRL filing and interactive data reporting. The new service, which is powered by Algorithm, a leading provider of XBRL software, enables public companies to meet their SEC reporting requirements by providing a comprehensive, easy-to-use solution for preparing, filing and hosting interactive data in XBRL.", "scrambled": "hTe TCF si iugsn zomaAn, iglelnag ttha teh e-mrmececo aingt hsa ectrkid ollimisn fo reuscosmn noti gsnngii pu rfo sit Pmeir soipibsunrtc sriecev hhutogr dceiepvet uers nefearcit siegdns. ehT acmnoitpl osal teksa ami ta znAmao fro ldayeegll tyrgni ot ekpe erssu rsudbebcis ohw wehsid ot ecanlc eirth rimphmsebse.", "original": "The FTC is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wished to cancel their memberships.", "recovered": "The TCF team is excited to announce the launch of the Emerging Companies Online Monitoring Service for reporting, which provides public companies with a simple, cost-effective solution for XBRL filing and interactive data reporting. The new service, which is powered by Algorithm, a leading provider of XBRL software, enables public companies to meet their SEC reporting requirements by providing a comprehensive, easy-to-use solution for preparing, filing and hosting interactive data in XBRL."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh rdoF rBnoco si beign creldael uebesca epeplo amy tge \u201cudgdaesicor\u201d ngtyir ot eus teh ltsbestea, eth naitaNol haygwiH iTfcarf tSyafe rantAdintsiiom dasi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The round orange thing that beign created by uebesca epeplo amy is the \u201cudgdaesicor\u201d which is the best thing ever, that\u2019s why the naitaNol had to get it for himself and take it from tSyafe by force with his antAdintsiiom.", "scrambled": "eTh rdoF rBnoco si beign creldael uebesca epeplo amy tge \u201cudgdaesicor\u201d ngtyir ot eus teh ltsbestea, eth naitaNol haygwiH iTfcarf tSyafe rantAdintsiiom dasi.", "original": "The Ford Bronco is being recalled because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the seatbelts, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "recovered": "The round orange thing that beign created by uebesca epeplo amy is the \u201cudgdaesicor\u201d which is the best thing ever, that\u2019s why the naitaNol had to get it for himself and take it from tSyafe by force with his antAdintsiiom."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol amet necddlei na anintoivit ot vsiti het eihtW uHeos entx omtnh ot blateerec hiret odecns vccuesntieo naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201chet etda utgdeessg si ton bafseeli ivneg hte nesttdu-lahteet arenalcd nda tmie fo eray.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The egg of the goose is very good to eat, especially in the winter, when it is most needed.", "scrambled": "eTh egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol amet necddlei na anintoivit ot vsiti het eihtW uHeos entx omtnh ot blateerec hiret odecns vccuesntieo naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201chet etda utgdeessg si ton bafseeli ivneg hte nesttdu-lahteet arenalcd nda tmie fo eray.\u201d.", "original": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to visit the White House next month to celebrate their second consecutive national championship, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not feasible given the student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.", "recovered": "The egg of the goose is very good to eat, especially in the winter, when it is most needed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Ganr tomaTina avtflsie blaeecesrt hte den fo hte eavhstr naeoss. heT lnunaa dofo ghfti swa ecclnldae idgrun teh epdmcina utb rtrudnee ofr a 15ht igstagn no ayuSdn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The giant tortoise can live several hundred years. The land tortoise can live about 80 years.", "scrambled": "heT Ganr tomaTina avtflsie blaeecesrt hte den fo hte eavhstr naeoss. heT lnunaa dofo ghfti swa ecclnldae idgrun teh epdmcina utb rtrudnee ofr a 15ht igstagn no ayuSdn.", "original": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The annual food fight was cancelled during the pandemic but returned for a 15th staging on Sunday.", "recovered": "The giant tortoise can live several hundred years. The land tortoise can live about 80 years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT tarGe tAatlnci samsaurSg eBtl nesetdx romf eWts aifcAr ot teh lGfu fo xieoMc dna si no roescu ot ehcar aoirFld rungid hte orneig\u2019s ueitssb rmumse smthon. sA elwl sa iewankgr ochva no laloc ecsmssyoet, raetf micgon saoerh het tonrtig eaewdse etsim ticxo sfeum tath mya eb mlhuafr ot nmuahs. nFid uto emro tihw ehT keWe Unpdrwape cpodsta.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The target audience for this book is beginning readers, and the text is written at a first-grade reading level. The story is about a family of dinosaurs who live near a volcano. One day the volcano begins to rumble, and the family must quickly pack up their things and escape. They head out into the forest, and the father dinosaur builds a shelter for them to live in. The family is very happy in their new home, but they miss the volcano, so they return to visit it from time to time.", "scrambled": "heT tarGe tAatlnci samsaurSg eBtl nesetdx romf eWts aifcAr ot teh lGfu fo xieoMc dna si no roescu ot ehcar aoirFld rungid hte orneig\u2019s ueitssb rmumse smthon. sA elwl sa iewankgr ochva no laloc ecsmssyoet, raetf micgon saoerh het tonrtig eaewdse etsim ticxo sfeum tath mya eb mlhuafr ot nmuahs. nFid uto emro tihw ehT keWe Unpdrwape cpodsta.", "original": "The Great Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Florida during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotting seaweed emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to humans. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The target audience for this book is beginning readers, and the text is written at a first-grade reading level. The story is about a family of dinosaurs who live near a volcano. One day the volcano begins to rumble, and the family must quickly pack up their things and escape. They head out into the forest, and the father dinosaur builds a shelter for them to live in. The family is very happy in their new home, but they miss the volcano, so they return to visit it from time to time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT oeHsu tvdoe eyhglloiemrvwn no dasyeeWdn ot psas a lbil ot dspsuen eht taonni\u2019s etbd miitl hgouhrt aunrJay 1, 2025, sa kawmalres rcae ot pveetnr a sachtotpirca laudtef.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first human landing on Mars is scheduled to take place on January 1, 2025, when the kawmalres spacecraft will arrive at the planet.", "scrambled": "ehT oeHsu tvdoe eyhglloiemrvwn no dasyeeWdn ot psas a lbil ot dspsuen eht taonni\u2019s etbd miitl hgouhrt aunrJay 1, 2025, sa kawmalres rcae ot pveetnr a sachtotpirca laudtef.", "original": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lawmakers race to prevent a catastrophic default.", "recovered": "The first human landing on Mars is scheduled to take place on January 1, 2025, when the kawmalres spacecraft will arrive at the planet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh Iaantli irRaive tnow si duionrictng nsife fo pu ot \u20ac275 orf itorleing ni itaedgdsne on-nitiawg nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters sbogkecla scudea yb srtuitos naitgk nsaps nda ssfelei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This is an example of a numeric IP address. It is not valid, as it contains non-digit characters.", "scrambled": "eTh Iaantli irRaive tnow si duionrictng nsife fo pu ot \u20ac275 orf itorleing ni itaedgdsne on-nitiawg nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters sbogkecla scudea yb srtuitos naitgk nsaps nda ssfelei.", "original": "The Italian Riviera town is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated no-waiting zones, in a bid to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "recovered": "This is an example of a numeric IP address. It is not valid, as it contains non-digit characters."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ueJscti aermtDtpne si iungs ot cefro axseT ot movree ntilagfo iarrebsr ni eht oiR neGrda, cihhw ovG. geGr otAtbb hsa edagur si endtdnie ot rtdee tiasmnrg morf sonricsg tion het ettsa rfmo ecixMo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The jet engine uses the power of moving air to create thrust to propel the plane forward. The hot gases are created by burning fuel in the combustion chamber of the engine.", "scrambled": "eTh ueJscti aermtDtpne si iungs ot cefro axseT ot movree ntilagfo iarrebsr ni eht oiR neGrda, cihhw ovG. geGr otAtbb hsa edagur si endtdnie ot rtdee tiasmnrg morf sonricsg tion het ettsa rfmo ecixMo.", "original": "The Justice Department is suing to force Texas to remove floating barriers in the Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended to deter migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico.", "recovered": "The jet engine uses the power of moving air to create thrust to propel the plane forward. The hot gases are created by burning fuel in the combustion chamber of the engine."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe SLU iTersg edadetfe eht Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 ot inw eth ogrramp\u2019s rtisf CANA menwo\u2019s katsaelblb ilontana nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, netonis duesen stih kwee terfa siftr yald illJ indBe tseugsged htta eth tiehW seHou ghitm evtiin tbho USL nda rerunn-pu waoI ot isoWnahntg rfo a njoit cnelbearito.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Stanford Cardinal defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 in the women's basketball championship game, claiming the program's first-ever NCAA title. After the game, Iowa head coach Lisa Bluder told the media that Stanford's impact freshman, Caitlin Clark, was the difference in the game. Clark, a native of Gahanna, Ohio, was named the tournament's most outstanding player, becoming the first freshman to win the award since the legendary Cheryl Miller in 1983.", "scrambled": "hTe SLU iTersg edadetfe eht Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 ot inw eth ogrramp\u2019s rtisf CANA menwo\u2019s katsaelblb ilontana nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, netonis duesen stih kwee terfa siftr yald illJ indBe tseugsged htta eth tiehW seHou ghitm evtiin tbho USL nda rerunn-pu waoI ot isoWnahntg rfo a njoit cnelbearito.", "original": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, tension ensued this week after first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to Washington for a joint celebration.", "recovered": "The Stanford Cardinal defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 in the women's basketball championship game, claiming the program's first-ever NCAA title. After the game, Iowa head coach Lisa Bluder told the media that Stanford's impact freshman, Caitlin Clark, was the difference in the game. Clark, a native of Gahanna, Ohio, was named the tournament's most outstanding player, becoming the first freshman to win the award since the legendary Cheryl Miller in 1983."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT anvtLai trpelaniam emt ta hidnitmg ot caleerd a tialaonn diohyal eratf eth tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem nwo a eobrnz ladme ta het dowlr nmpiishapcsho.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The antelope trotted along the path in the early morning light. The dew on the grass sparkled in the sunlight as the young antelope easily leaped along the path.", "scrambled": "heT anvtLai trpelaniam emt ta hidnitmg ot caleerd a tialaonn diohyal eratf eth tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem nwo a eobrnz ladme ta het dowlr nmpiishapcsho.", "original": "The Latvian parliament met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the world championships.", "recovered": "The antelope trotted along the path in the early morning light. The dew on the grass sparkled in the sunlight as the young antelope easily leaped along the path."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT iesLsnsoe ruedsec a eclap ni eth tlsa 16 fo het ntuarteomn, tgakin cpeal ni raaAuislt adn ewN dZenala, htiw losag yb lCaeshe drafwro seJam, Asaisel uosRs, reanLu mepH, eoChl elyKl nda Rclhae aDly.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The solution to the puzzle is hidden in the title of the book, \"The Last Song\" by Suzanne Collins, as well as the names of the three districts, Panem, District 12, and District 13. The words are listed in alphabetical order, and the first letter of each word in the list spells out the answer, \"MOCKINGJAY.\"", "scrambled": "heT iesLsnsoe ruedsec a eclap ni eth tlsa 16 fo het ntuarteomn, tgakin cpeal ni raaAuislt adn ewN dZenala, htiw losag yb lCaeshe drafwro seJam, Asaisel uosRs, reanLu mepH, eoChl elyKl nda Rclhae aDly.", "original": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking place in Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Alessia Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.", "recovered": "The solution to the puzzle is hidden in the title of the book, \"The Last Song\" by Suzanne Collins, as well as the names of the three districts, Panem, District 12, and District 13. The words are listed in alphabetical order, and the first letter of each word in the list spells out the answer, \"MOCKINGJAY.\""}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ovoipLelr-ornb trsa opdosec hte nTyo wrAad rof rhe dBaowrya etdub ni het oen-awmon apyl \u201ciarmP Facei\u201d. orCme lsao now na vrliiOe Ardaw erraeil hist raye ofr teh tWse dEn ievnsor fo hte otpourindc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This paragraph appears in the \u201cAbout\u201d section of the Apple website. It describes the company\u2019s core values and the philosophy behind its products.", "scrambled": "heT ovoipLelr-ornb trsa opdosec hte nTyo wrAad rof rhe dBaowrya etdub ni het oen-awmon apyl \u201ciarmP Facei\u201d. orCme lsao now na vrliiOe Ardaw erraeil hist raye ofr teh tWse dEn ievnsor fo hte otpourindc.", "original": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the West End version of the production.", "recovered": "This paragraph appears in the \u201cAbout\u201d section of the Apple website. It describes the company\u2019s core values and the philosophy behind its products."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT PM rof rhoNt sWet Nookrfl lnitodue ish oaolprps ot eTh leraTephg owlofigln a alw henacg atth lwlaso nisouccl ot uises eth krepee fo a elecvih rmof ihchw lrttei si hotnwr tihw a ilcvi anyeplt, hrrtae htna vgaihn ot peorv owh rsdiecadd eht irbsuhb. Mrsetiins ear \u201ceuryltrnc cloo no het lanp\u201d, aidnogccr ot het eaewnrpsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The planet Saturn sweats nitrogenookria, a form of liquid nitrogen, which is made of the elements nitrogen and oxygen. This liquid nitrogen comes from the heat of the planet itself, which is why it sweats. The nitrogenookria falls to the planet\u2019s surface, where it combines with other elements to form a type of ice. This ice is what we call \u201csaturnian snow\u201d. Mr. Beaksley\u2019s ears are \u201cultrasonic clairaudience\u201d, allowing him to hear things from very far away.", "scrambled": "ehT PM rof rhoNt sWet Nookrfl lnitodue ish oaolprps ot eTh leraTephg owlofigln a alw henacg atth lwlaso nisouccl ot uises eth krepee fo a elecvih rmof ihchw lrttei si hotnwr tihw a ilcvi anyeplt, hrrtae htna vgaihn ot peorv owh rsdiecadd eht irbsuhb. Mrsetiins ear \u201ceuryltrnc cloo no het lanp\u201d, aidnogccr ot het eaewnrpsp.", "original": "The MP for North West Norfolk outlined his proposal to The Telegraph following a law change that allows councils to issue the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper.", "recovered": "The planet Saturn sweats nitrogenookria, a form of liquid nitrogen, which is made of the elements nitrogen and oxygen. This liquid nitrogen comes from the heat of the planet itself, which is why it sweats. The nitrogenookria falls to the planet\u2019s surface, where it combines with other elements to form a type of ice. This ice is what we call \u201csaturnian snow\u201d. Mr. Beaksley\u2019s ears are \u201cultrasonic clairaudience\u201d, allowing him to hear things from very far away."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT PM orf aThrowtm ascfe na hgeit-kwee sonisepnus igfwolonl a adsdtSnar tmCmtieeo rtpero oint lexasu taaslsu elotngsalai. eTh codimomrneanet ocdul rgegrti a lealrc ttnpoeii ni nPcrihe\u2019s ietnnouscyct, npgiva hte wya orf a yb-cnoeetli.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The poem not only describes the sounds of a summer night but also the smells. The combination of the two sensory inputs creates a vivid picture in the mind of the reader. The coda of the poem gives us a glimpse of the poet\u2019s underlying purpose in describing the scene, which is to remind us that even the most ordinary of moments are worthy of our attention.", "scrambled": "ehT PM orf aThrowtm ascfe na hgeit-kwee sonisepnus igfwolonl a adsdtSnar tmCmtieeo rtpero oint lexasu taaslsu elotngsalai. eTh codimomrneanet ocdul rgegrti a lealrc ttnpoeii ni nPcrihe\u2019s ietnnouscyct, npgiva hte wya orf a yb-cnoeetli.", "original": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a Standards Committee report into sexual assault allegations. The recommendation could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election.", "recovered": "The poem not only describes the sounds of a summer night but also the smells. The combination of the two sensory inputs creates a vivid picture in the mind of the reader. The coda of the poem gives us a glimpse of the poet\u2019s underlying purpose in describing the scene, which is to remind us that even the most ordinary of moments are worthy of our attention."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT latiNoan rakP routhtyAi isht kewe nwo na lpeaap gsanati a hHgi Cotur unilgr ni urJyana ttah virtsios idd nto haev eth ihtrg ot cmap no rDoaomtr htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi. eTh iontnlaa rpka ni oDnve si eth ylno ealcp ni Elnandg nad eWsla erehw iwld pigmnac si eallg, urdne a dedseac-lod oclla awl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Latinon is a company that provides internet access, and it is now a part of the global communications company Cotur. Latinon was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in the United States. It offers internet, phone, and TV services, and it has more than 5 million customers.", "scrambled": "heT latiNoan rakP routhtyAi isht kewe nwo na lpeaap gsanati a hHgi Cotur unilgr ni urJyana ttah virtsios idd nto haev eth ihtrg ot cmap no rDoaomtr htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi. eTh iontnlaa rpka ni oDnve si eth ylno ealcp ni Elnandg nad eWsla erehw iwld pigmnac si eallg, urdne a dedseac-lod oclla awl.", "original": "The National Park Authority this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Dartmoor without the landowners\u2019 permission. The national park in Devon is the only place in England and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law.", "recovered": "Latinon is a company that provides internet access, and it is now a part of the global communications company Cotur. Latinon was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in the United States. It offers internet, phone, and TV services, and it has more than 5 million customers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh nalotNai bilPcu aletHh ybooatarLr asw zidees hist keew yb stgfhier ni dunSa\u2019s iaalctp fo hmrtoaKu. A high-ankignr camleid rsoeuc ltdo NNC tath hte abl, cihwh otanscin sspaelm fo sedisesa dan tehor boliicaolg tieraalm, ahd enbe tkaen reov yb het apidR uoStprp resFco, hte riapmyatiral uogrp lnbtatgi eth aeSsneud edrAm roesFc rfo ootrlnc fo eth urnocyt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The noble narwhal, a ten-foot long whale with a single tusk protruding from its upper lip, swims arctic waters. Although it looks like a fish, the narwhal is actually a mammal that can stay underwater for up to fifteen minutes. It uses its spiral-shaped horn to thrash prey, and its thick layer of blubber to insulate it from the cold arctic waters.", "scrambled": "Teh nalotNai bilPcu aletHh ybooatarLr asw zidees hist keew yb stgfhier ni dunSa\u2019s iaalctp fo hmrtoaKu. A high-ankignr camleid rsoeuc ltdo NNC tath hte abl, cihwh otanscin sspaelm fo sedisesa dan tehor boliicaolg tieraalm, ahd enbe tkaen reov yb het apidR uoStprp resFco, hte riapmyatiral uogrp lnbtatgi eth aeSsneud edrAm roesFc rfo ootrlnc fo eth urnocyt.", "original": "The National Public Health Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital of Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of diseases and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the paramilitary group battling the Sudanese Armed Forces for control of the country.", "recovered": "The noble narwhal, a ten-foot long whale with a single tusk protruding from its upper lip, swims arctic waters. Although it looks like a fish, the narwhal is actually a mammal that can stay underwater for up to fifteen minutes. It uses its spiral-shaped horn to thrash prey, and its thick layer of blubber to insulate it from the cold arctic waters."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh cOaen aStte si het fiafloci ienmckan fo dheRo daslIn. eihlW het ttsea si eth ssmtllae ni het niuno, ti astbso mseo 400 mesli fo senhliero.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The coin state is the figure five in coin language. With this figure five you can make a small letter n. If you combine this small n with the figure five you can make the number forty.", "scrambled": "Teh cOaen aStte si het fiafloci ienmckan fo dheRo daslIn. eihlW het ttsea si eth ssmtllae ni het niuno, ti astbso mseo 400 mesli fo senhliero.", "original": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts some 400 miles of shoreline.", "recovered": "The coin state is the figure five in coin language. With this figure five you can make a small letter n. If you combine this small n with the figure five you can make the number forty."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Orasc-nwginni tarco si nebgi edus yb a anm skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr jiurisne geeldllya sesnditau wehn hes shdaerc tion mhi no a Utha kis olesp ni 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid rteopmsoitt yrTer soernndaS lddeiolc htwi erh nda si iterognuuscn ofr \u201ca lsimcoyb\u201d $1 ni meaasdg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Orasc-nwginni tarco si nebgi edus yb a anm skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr jiurisne geeldllya sesnditau wehn hes shdaerc tion mhi no a Utha kis olesp ni 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid rteopmsoitt yrTer soernndaS lddeiolc htwi erh nda si iterognuuscn ofr \u201ca lsimcoyb\u201d $1 ni meaasdg.", "scrambled": "heT Orasc-nwginni tarco si nebgi edus yb a anm skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr jiurisne geeldllya sesnditau wehn hes shdaerc tion mhi no a Utha kis olesp ni 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid rteopmsoitt yrTer soernndaS lddeiolc htwi erh nda si iterognuuscn ofr \u201ca lsimcoyb\u201d $1 ni meaasdg.", "original": "The Oscar-winning actor is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she crashed into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow claims retired optometrist Terry Sanderson collided with her and is countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "recovered": "The Orasc-nwginni tarco si nebgi edus yb a anm skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr jiurisne geeldllya sesnditau wehn hes shdaerc tion mhi no a Utha kis olesp ni 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid rteopmsoitt yrTer soernndaS lddeiolc htwi erh nda si iterognuuscn ofr \u201ca lsimcoyb\u201d $1 ni meaasdg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh hcaeP Steat tosl 90% fo ist tpaels rfuit opcr tish eayr etrfa nbralyloam amrw niwret thwreae nda a elta-nseosa eefrez, eharreesrsc ays.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The heat pump steals 90% of the electricity used to power it back out through the air vents as heat, making the room warmer. This is called a negative power draw, and it can happen when the heat pump is working hard to keep the room warm.", "scrambled": "eTh hcaeP Steat tosl 90% fo ist tpaels rfuit opcr tish eayr etrfa nbralyloam amrw niwret thwreae nda a elta-nseosa eefrez, eharreesrsc ays.", "original": "The Peach State lost 90% of its staple fruit crop this year after abnormally warm winter weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "recovered": "The heat pump steals 90% of the electricity used to power it back out through the air vents as heat, making the room warmer. This is called a negative power draw, and it can happen when the heat pump is working hard to keep the room warm."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Pihlspnpiie lifrbye huts tsi pericaas ni a bdi ot caltek neretc taoiprr ouaetsg. nI hist ayer aenlo, wot raomj tsgaeou ta eht rtraiop asduce prdwiasdee hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg nlsoicatnacle efanicgft etns fo naudsthos fo erpnassges.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please be patient while we are calculating the results. This may take a few seconds.", "scrambled": "heT Pihlspnpiie lifrbye huts tsi pericaas ni a bdi ot caltek neretc taoiprr ouaetsg. nI hist ayer aenlo, wot raomj tsgaeou ta eht rtraiop asduce prdwiasdee hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg nlsoicatnacle efanicgft etns fo naudsthos fo erpnassges.", "original": "The Philippines briefly shut its airspace in a bid to tackle recent airport outages. In this year alone, two major outages at the airport caused widespread chaos with hundreds of flight cancellations affecting tens of thousands of passengers.", "recovered": "Please be patient while we are calculating the results. This may take a few seconds."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT nesrcsPi fo lWesa jdoien het elasehC orwlFe oSwh\u2019s srtfi eevr rehicnld\u2019s ccinpi, trpa fo a piagmanc yb niaerosrg Rlaoy utualitrrlocH etSyico (HSR) ot soobt loocsh drenaiggn. eTh launan owsh laso tfuaerde nxsiiibothe ipagyn trebtiu ot eneuQ laEeibthz II.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Heat necrosis occurs when the skin is exposed to high temperatures for an extended period of time. This can happen to a person in a variety of ways, such as from a hot object, an open flame, or the sun. Heat necrosis often results in blisters and skin damage. The most common treatment for heat necrosis is cool water immersion. This can help reduce pain and speed healing.", "scrambled": "heT nesrcsPi fo lWesa jdoien het elasehC orwlFe oSwh\u2019s srtfi eevr rehicnld\u2019s ccinpi, trpa fo a piagmanc yb niaerosrg Rlaoy utualitrrlocH etSyico (HSR) ot soobt loocsh drenaiggn. eTh launan owsh laso tfuaerde nxsiiibothe ipagyn trebtiu ot eneuQ laEeibthz II.", "original": "The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by organiser Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.", "recovered": "Heat necrosis occurs when the skin is exposed to high temperatures for an extended period of time. This can happen to a person in a variety of ways, such as from a hot object, an open flame, or the sun. Heat necrosis often results in blisters and skin damage. The most common treatment for heat necrosis is cool water immersion. This can help reduce pain and speed healing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh RACPS sida lclsa ot tis anesk olthnei erwe ta na lla-meit ighh, dan wrdnea fo na dexetpec aisercne ni ssepeca revo teh mmruse sa eth eetisplr ocmebe omer ivteac ni hto watrhee. iFdn uot erom twhi eTh ekeW erdnaUppw atcsopd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The RACPS side of this argument is that the government should not legalize marijuana because it is a gateway drug that leads to the use of harder drugs and addiction.  There is some truth to this point of view.  However, the RACPS also seem to have a financial interest in keeping marijuana illegal, since they would lose a lot of money if it were legalized.  This is an example of a conflict of interest.", "scrambled": "eTh RACPS sida lclsa ot tis anesk olthnei erwe ta na lla-meit ighh, dan wrdnea fo na dexetpec aisercne ni ssepeca revo teh mmruse sa eth eetisplr ocmebe omer ivteac ni hto watrhee. iFdn uot erom twhi eTh ekeW erdnaUppw atcsopd.", "original": "The RSPCA said calls to its snake hotline were at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in escapes over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The RACPS side of this argument is that the government should not legalize marijuana because it is a gateway drug that leads to the use of harder drugs and addiction.  There is some truth to this point of view.  However, the RACPS also seem to have a financial interest in keeping marijuana illegal, since they would lose a lot of money if it were legalized.  This is an example of a conflict of interest."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT gnoiRll sntSoe ftnaonrm arlcedeteb hsi 80ht hbdatyri, no 26 ylJu, hwti a tras-dseddtu raytp ni oonLnd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Guinness Book of Records lists the fastest speed on a skateboard as 80.6 mph, achieved by a man named Robic.", "scrambled": "ehT gnoiRll sntSoe ftnaonrm arlcedeteb hsi 80ht hbdatyri, no 26 ylJu, hwti a tras-dseddtu raytp ni oonLnd.", "original": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "recovered": "The Guinness Book of Records lists the fastest speed on a skateboard as 80.6 mph, achieved by a man named Robic."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh oalyR aiFlmy ash iadgensdte a uicehq meda whti nsicahp, avaf nbesa nad arotgnar sa eth vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. eTh reeicp nsdelciu sgeg, racme nda decahrd eehesc, dgcnorcia ot het Ryaol isbwtee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The only reason AI is not taking over the media is that there is not enough content to feed the algorithms, and besides, the two teens in the house have decided that they control the information flow. The rest of the family simply accepts what the teens post as fact.", "scrambled": "Teh oalyR aiFlmy ash iadgensdte a uicehq meda whti nsicahp, avaf nbesa nad arotgnar sa eth vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. eTh reeicp nsdelciu sgeg, racme nda decahrd eehesc, dgcnorcia ot het Ryaol isbwtee.", "original": "The Royal Family has designated a quiche made with spinach, fava beans and tarragon as the event\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website.", "recovered": "The only reason AI is not taking over the media is that there is not enough content to feed the algorithms, and besides, the two teens in the house have decided that they control the information flow. The rest of the family simply accepts what the teens post as fact."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe siaunsR reelda illw ton edttna na oiceomcn mmsiut ni nhogubnresaJ etnx hnotm, kngcdiu het siobyltipis fo asrtre no na etnlnaotniarI Caminirl touCr (CIC) ctniitmend csinucga mhi fo rwa emicrs. sA a rbmeme fo het CIC, htoSu rAciaf dluow ahev nebe gbiodel ot rrteas nPtui fi eh itveids teh utynorc, tbu iuaRss adh \u201cdeam ti lcera\u201d thta sith duwol eb \u201ca ldtoiaecrna fo rwa\u201d, isad thoSu Acifra\u2019s edsntrpie, lriCy hRaamaosp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Second World War saw the development of new and more destructive weapons of mass destruction, including nuclear weapons. As a result of the war, the CIC recommended that states should not be permitted to develop or possess chemical, biological or nuclear weapons, and that an effective international control system should be established. This became the basis for the establishment of the CWC. The CWC prohibits the development, production, stockpiling, and use of chemical weapons, and requires the destruction of existing stockpiles.", "scrambled": "hTe siaunsR reelda illw ton edttna na oiceomcn mmsiut ni nhogubnresaJ etnx hnotm, kngcdiu het siobyltipis fo asrtre no na etnlnaotniarI Caminirl touCr (CIC) ctniitmend csinucga mhi fo rwa emicrs. sA a rbmeme fo het CIC, htoSu rAciaf dluow ahev nebe gbiodel ot rrteas nPtui fi eh itveids teh utynorc, tbu iuaRss adh \u201cdeam ti lcera\u201d thta sith duwol eb \u201ca ldtoiaecrna fo rwa\u201d, isad thoSu Acifra\u2019s edsntrpie, lriCy hRaamaosp.", "original": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if he visited the country, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, Cyril Ramaphosa.", "recovered": "The Second World War saw the development of new and more destructive weapons of mass destruction, including nuclear weapons. As a result of the war, the CIC recommended that states should not be permitted to develop or possess chemical, biological or nuclear weapons, and that an effective international control system should be established. This became the basis for the establishment of the CWC. The CWC prohibits the development, production, stockpiling, and use of chemical weapons, and requires the destruction of existing stockpiles."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT oshSittc lcePio raeFentiod, which ssrrpeenet ecpiol resicoff, ash rodrpeet gbine \u201ctinnaddue tiwh matlnciops\u201d ervo hte clypio, hciwh eth oercf idsa wsa aysesrecn os atht tsffa odlcu wrea pevcteirto PFF3 sksma hatt reeqriu eurss ot eb ecnal-sanhve. uroF frfocesi aer tpryelreod agnitk lelag tancio ni eliaotrn ot eht elur, ued ot oemc noit cfeeft no 29 yMa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The oshSittc lcePio raeFentiod, which ssrrpeenet ecpiol resicoff, ash rodrpeet gbine \u201ctinnaddue tiwh matlnciops\u201d ervo hte clypio, hciwh eth oercf idsa wsa aysesrecn os atht tsffa odlcu wrea pevcteirto PFF3 sksma hatt reeqriu eurss ot eb ecnal-sanhve. uroF frfocesi aer tpryelreod agnitk lelag tancio ni eliaotrn ot eht elur, ued ot oemc noit cfeeft no 29 yMa.", "scrambled": "heT oshSittc lcePio raeFentiod, which ssrrpeenet ecpiol resicoff, ash rodrpeet gbine \u201ctinnaddue tiwh matlnciops\u201d ervo hte clypio, hciwh eth oercf idsa wsa aysesrecn os atht tsffa odlcu wrea pevcteirto PFF3 sksma hatt reeqriu eurss ot eb ecnal-sanhve. uroF frfocesi aer tpryelreod agnitk lelag tancio ni eliaotrn ot eht elur, ued ot oemc noit cfeeft no 29 yMa.", "original": "The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the policy, which the force said was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to come into effect on 29 May.", "recovered": "The oshSittc lcePio raeFentiod, which ssrrpeenet ecpiol resicoff, ash rodrpeet gbine \u201ctinnaddue tiwh matlnciops\u201d ervo hte clypio, hciwh eth oercf idsa wsa aysesrecn os atht tsffa odlcu wrea pevcteirto PFF3 sksma hatt reeqriu eurss ot eb ecnal-sanhve. uroF frfocesi aer tpryelreod agnitk lelag tancio ni eliaotrn ot eht elur, ued ot oemc noit cfeeft no 29 yMa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT inebaSr enistn nimcohpa eddetafe eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 ot uasspsr aRlefa Naald\u2019s agrnd assml crorde.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Nadal defeated Nishikori in the US Open final 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to win his first US Open and 18th Grand Slam title.", "scrambled": "heT inebaSr enistn nimcohpa eddetafe eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 ot uasspsr aRlefa Naald\u2019s agrnd assml crorde.", "original": "The Serbian tennis champion defeated Casper Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.", "recovered": "Nadal defeated Nishikori in the US Open final 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to win his first US Open and 18th Grand Slam title."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh remepuS tCuro dleru Tahysrud ttha het elta ydAn oWhalr ednniirgf no a erhphrogopat\u2019s crhoigtyp ewnh eh ectdare a sieesr fo lksi cernsse bdeas no a pagphthroo fo het tlea rgenis rPicen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The remedy for a man\u2019s misfortune is often the cause of another man\u2019s.", "scrambled": "eTh remepuS tCuro dleru Tahysrud ttha het elta ydAn oWhalr ednniirgf no a erhphrogopat\u2019s crhoigtyp ewnh eh ectdare a sieesr fo lksi cernsse bdeas no a pagphthroo fo het tlea rgenis rPicen.", "original": "The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that the late Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he created a series of silk screens based on a photograph of the late singer Prince.", "recovered": "The remedy for a man\u2019s misfortune is often the cause of another man\u2019s."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh SU esmCuorn crutdoP tfyeaS omCsosiimn elercald 2 lmnlioi otlnPoe iesbk edu ot a stafye razhad udeasc yb teh sdteujbala taes htat ocdlu rakeb rgidun esu adn iunjre het iedrr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The superintendent of the correctional facility called two male officers to escort the prisoner out of the holding cell to the interview room. The officers unlocked the cell door and stepped into the cell. The prisoner stood up from the bunk and the officers placed handcuffs on him. The officers led the prisoner out of the cell and down the hall to the interview room.", "scrambled": "eTh SU esmCuorn crutdoP tfyeaS omCsosiimn elercald 2 lmnlioi otlnPoe iesbk edu ot a stafye razhad udeasc yb teh sdteujbala taes htat ocdlu rakeb rgidun esu adn iunjre het iedrr.", "original": "The US Consumer Product Safety Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adjustable seat that could break during use and injure the rider.", "recovered": "The superintendent of the correctional facility called two male officers to escort the prisoner out of the holding cell to the interview room. The officers unlocked the cell door and stepped into the cell. The prisoner stood up from the bunk and the officers placed handcuffs on him. The officers led the prisoner out of the cell and down the hall to the interview room."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT SU rgenontmve si nagtirck rdauon 650 OUF cesas. btuoA ahfl fo ohtes ear nbeig iertrdiiopz rfo \u201cmsonuaola nieitetsgrn ueval,\u201d odacgcnir ot a oenaPntg liiofcaf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The sun\u2019s energy reaches the earth in the form of 650OUF of light. But only a fraction of this energy is converted into the electrical current that powers our homes, with the rest being lost to \u201cthermal energy,\u201d or heat.", "scrambled": "heT SU rgenontmve si nagtirck rdauon 650 OUF cesas. btuoA ahfl fo ohtes ear nbeig iertrdiiopz rfo \u201cmsonuaola nieitetsgrn ueval,\u201d odacgcnir ot a oenaPntg liiofcaf.", "original": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of those are being prioritized for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "recovered": "The sun\u2019s energy reaches the earth in the form of 650OUF of light. But only a fraction of this energy is converted into the electrical current that powers our homes, with the rest being lost to \u201cthermal energy,\u201d or heat."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero hant 650 leiopntat OUF ecssa, crgdcaion ot het nonaePgt. Dseiept nietnoudc ctnalpuseoi, floicafis ettrdieera hsit keew ahtt reeht\u2019s on cineveed fo raeelxttirrasetr elif ni het gsitnghis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The surgeon general\u2019s report on nicotine outlined the following findings: nicotine is highly addictive; nicotine addiction can begin with the first cigarette; quitting smoking at any age can lead to health benefits; secondhand smoke causes serious health problems in children; and smoking causes many diseases including lung cancer, heart disease, and emphysema.", "scrambled": "hTe SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero hant 650 leiopntat OUF ecssa, crgdcaion ot het nonaePgt. Dseiept nietnoudc ctnalpuseoi, floicafis ettrdieera hsit keew ahtt reeht\u2019s on cineveed fo raeelxttirrasetr elif ni het gsitnghis.", "original": "The US government is tracking more than 650 potential UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, officials reiterated this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the sightings.", "recovered": "The surgeon general\u2019s report on nicotine outlined the following findings: nicotine is highly addictive; nicotine addiction can begin with the first cigarette; quitting smoking at any age can lead to health benefits; secondhand smoke causes serious health problems in children; and smoking causes many diseases including lung cancer, heart disease, and emphysema."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe SU epnode na myebsas ni het aiifccP ladisn inonat fo oagTn no desyuaT, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa oemv ot aroednb tis itamcplodi oorptintf ni a iegrno rhewe iCnah sha eneb gsarinnice tsi nenliefcu ni ctenre erysa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Supreme Court has not yet decided whether the Affordable Care Act\u2019s individual mandate is constitutional, so we do not know how the Court will rule on that issue. However, the Court\u2019s decision in National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius, which held that the Affordable Care Act was constitutional, also depended on the individual mandate, so if the Court strikes down the mandate, it will likely also strike down the Act.", "scrambled": "hTe SU epnode na myebsas ni het aiifccP ladisn inonat fo oagTn no desyuaT, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa oemv ot aroednb tis itamcplodi oorptintf ni a iegrno rhewe iCnah sha eneb gsarinnice tsi nenliefcu ni ctenre erysa.", "original": "The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "recovered": "The Supreme Court has not yet decided whether the Affordable Care Act\u2019s individual mandate is constitutional, so we do not know how the Court will rule on that issue. However, the Court\u2019s decision in National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius, which held that the Affordable Care Act was constitutional, also depended on the individual mandate, so if the Court strikes down the mandate, it will likely also strike down the Act."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh SU desrchaup 828,000 aresqu esiml fo nadl etsw fo eth ssiiiipMssp rieRv rofm erncaF rof $15 imilonl \u2013 guibodln eth zsie fo hte anniot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Each year, the sun releases enough energy in just one hour to meet the entire world\u2019s energy demand for an entire year.", "scrambled": "eTh SU desrchaup 828,000 aresqu esiml fo nadl etsw fo eth ssiiiipMssp rieRv rofm erncaF rof $15 imilonl \u2013 guibodln eth zsie fo hte anniot.", "original": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "recovered": "Each year, the sun releases enough energy in just one hour to meet the entire world\u2019s energy demand for an entire year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ntUedi sNnotai ghHi nroiiCemossm rfo suegfRee atsitseme eth eurbnm fo sefurgee oweidldrw si arpcgnoipha 35 limlino lpepeo \u2014 lghoatuh htat emrnbu seod ton indecul teh imosinll fo rclifoby capedidls loppee owh evha tno eneb anrdetg ugeeerf sutast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Nuttall Encyclopaedia describes the harp as a stringed musical instrument that has a neck, body and strings. The strings are typically plucked with the fingers. Harps may have a combination of open strings and stopped strings. The harp is the oldest stringed instrument still in use today. It is the only instrument mentioned in the Bible. The harp is the national instrument of Ireland.", "scrambled": "heT ntUedi sNnotai ghHi nroiiCemossm rfo suegfRee atsitseme eth eurbnm fo sefurgee oweidldrw si arpcgnoipha 35 limlino lpepeo \u2014 lghoatuh htat emrnbu seod ton indecul teh imosinll fo rclifoby capedidls loppee owh evha tno eneb anrdetg ugeeerf sutast.", "original": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status.", "recovered": "The Nuttall Encyclopaedia describes the harp as a stringed musical instrument that has a neck, body and strings. The strings are typically plucked with the fingers. Harps may have a combination of open strings and stopped strings. The harp is the oldest stringed instrument still in use today. It is the only instrument mentioned in the Bible. The harp is the national instrument of Ireland."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT gitnoWshan tPos/ACB llop fo rmeo htna 1,000 oepepl onduf ahtt 43% viebedel ttha 80-arey-odl idnBe nda oldanD muTpr, 76, ear tbho oot dol ot rvsee eraohtn tmer. fI enidB si er-deeectl ni 2024, eh odlwu eb 82 ewnh eh esakt eciffo adn 86 wnhe hsi onescd tmer sdne.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This graph shows the percentage of people who correctly identified the age of the oldest president in 43 countries. In 2024, the average person will get the exact age right 82% of the time and 86% of the time with the year of birth included.", "scrambled": "heT gitnoWshan tPos/ACB llop fo rmeo htna 1,000 oepepl onduf ahtt 43% viebedel ttha 80-arey-odl idnBe nda oldanD muTpr, 76, ear tbho oot dol ot rvsee eraohtn tmer. fI enidB si er-deeectl ni 2024, eh odlwu eb 82 ewnh eh esakt eciffo adn 86 wnhe hsi onescd tmer sdne.", "original": "The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "recovered": "This graph shows the percentage of people who correctly identified the age of the oldest president in 43 countries. In 2024, the average person will get the exact age right 82% of the time and 86% of the time with the year of birth included."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe sWte anicfrA otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin sha ovted ot ahblosi eth ahtde enplyta, fifroeng na dceetxep ereervpi rfo 176 edcmnedno snoeprsir. fI sdPetrnei aaNn Aufko-ddoA eanssst ot hte nwe wal, naGah iwll cmoeeb het 124ht nintoa ni het odlwr ot tlwoua het taelpyn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The swift anicfrA otncyur\u2019s patent lining shawl had been ordered for her by her aunt, from Aberdeen. Five hundred and seventy-six edcmnedno snopesiri were found in it. I detected on it, in a place where it had been folded, the name Anna Aufko-ddoA. This means in English, Mrs Anna Aufko-ddoA. The new wallpaper came to 124th in the list of the expenses of the house, in the old account book.", "scrambled": "hTe sWte anicfrA otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin sha ovted ot ahblosi eth ahtde enplyta, fifroeng na dceetxep ereervpi rfo 176 edcmnedno snoeprsir. fI sdPetrnei aaNn Aufko-ddoA eanssst ot hte nwe wal, naGah iwll cmoeeb het 124ht nintoa ni het odlwr ot tlwoua het taelpyn.", "original": "The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 condemned prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty.", "recovered": "The swift anicfrA otncyur\u2019s patent lining shawl had been ordered for her by her aunt, from Aberdeen. Five hundred and seventy-six edcmnedno snopesiri were found in it. I detected on it, in a place where it had been folded, the name Anna Aufko-ddoA. This means in English, Mrs Anna Aufko-ddoA. The new wallpaper came to 124th in the list of the expenses of the house, in the old account book."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh eWith oesHu si gkatin ptsse ot idvoa a gmdgnaia uota kstier. mesberM fo a glrae atou rreoksw nouni ahev eeeantdhtr ot ertsik evro teh ndiutysr\u2019s enndlpa snintoatri ot retlecic vceileh uoctdproni nda nwe iionssmes tasdrnsad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The world\u2019s first electronic digital computer, the Atanasoff-Berry Computer (ABC), was built at Iowa State College (University) in 1942. The ABC was designed and built by John Vincent Atanasoff and Clifford Berry. The ABC was designed to solve equations containing 29 variables. It used 3,000 vacuum tubes, took up 1,000 square feet of space, and weighed a ton. It was designed to be reprogrammable.", "scrambled": "Teh eWith oesHu si gkatin ptsse ot idvoa a gmdgnaia uota kstier. mesberM fo a glrae atou rreoksw nouni ahev eeeantdhtr ot ertsik evro teh ndiutysr\u2019s enndlpa snintoatri ot retlecic vceileh uoctdproni nda nwe iionssmes tasdrnsad.", "original": "The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over the industry\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.", "recovered": "The world\u2019s first electronic digital computer, the Atanasoff-Berry Computer (ABC), was built at Iowa State College (University) in 1942. The ABC was designed and built by John Vincent Atanasoff and Clifford Berry. The ABC was designed to solve equations containing 29 variables. It used 3,000 vacuum tubes, took up 1,000 square feet of space, and weighed a ton. It was designed to be reprogrammable."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT etiWrsr ulGdi fo rciameA, irpneeterngs meor athn 11,000 rmeesmb, ash eitdnh atth het owkr ppgtsaeo olcdu tsla orf yamn tmsnho. heT aslt AWG sekrti anr rfo 100 syda rofm 2007 ot 2008.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The world\u2019s largest internet companies have removed more than 11,000 remesmb, as well as hundreds of thousands of other pieces of content, from their sites over the past year. That includes Alphabet\u2019s YouTube, which last year removed more than 100 videos from its site in 2007 and 2008.", "scrambled": "heT etiWrsr ulGdi fo rciameA, irpneeterngs meor athn 11,000 rmeesmb, ash eitdnh atth het owkr ppgtsaeo olcdu tsla orf yamn tmsnho. heT aslt AWG sekrti anr rfo 100 syda rofm 2007 ot 2008.", "original": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "recovered": "The world\u2019s largest internet companies have removed more than 11,000 remesmb, as well as hundreds of thousands of other pieces of content, from their sites over the past year. That includes Alphabet\u2019s YouTube, which last year removed more than 100 videos from its site in 2007 and 2008."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh krershoiY itcy\u2019s Hyed kPar urtciPe euHso dopeener no aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm totsaerroni. heT imnaec frtsi ndpeeo sit rsdoo ni 1914, ithw gsa hgtsli leaniltds ot edert \u201ctppeipaorniar iehurbavo\u201d yb soarpnt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The cost of living rose by 30.2% in the year to April, taking the inflation rate to 4.8%, its highest level since 1914, as soaring energy prices pushed up bills. It means that prices have risen faster than wages in every year since the financial crisis began in 2008.", "scrambled": "Teh krershoiY itcy\u2019s Hyed kPar urtciPe euHso dopeener no aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm totsaerroni. heT imnaec frtsi ndpeeo sit rsdoo ni 1914, ithw gsa hgtsli leaniltds ot edert \u201ctppeipaorniar iehurbavo\u201d yb soarpnt.", "original": "The Yorkshire city\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights installed to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "recovered": "The cost of living rose by 30.2% in the year to April, taking the inflation rate to 4.8%, its highest level since 1914, as soaring energy prices pushed up bills. It means that prices have risen faster than wages in every year since the financial crisis began in 2008."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ratco eldverae iths ewke ttah eh nda hsi ergifrnldi, itarmla star truscitnro ffyinTa henC, eerw taeicenrlbg eht hribt fo hrite reghudta, aiG igniriaV hnCe-eD ioNr. eH ash isx ertoh einhdlrc, eoswh eags neagr ni ega mrof 11 ot 51.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ratcoon dog is a hybrid dog, a cross between a raccoon and a husky. It has a life span of 11 to 13 years. It is a medium-sized dog, weighing between 11 and 51 pounds.", "scrambled": "heT ratco eldverae iths ewke ttah eh nda hsi ergifrnldi, itarmla star truscitnro ffyinTa henC, eerw taeicenrlbg eht hribt fo hrite reghudta, aiG igniriaV hnCe-eD ioNr. eH ash isx ertoh einhdlrc, eoswh eags neagr ni ega mrof 11 ot 51.", "original": "The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range in age from 11 to 51.", "recovered": "The ratcoon dog is a hybrid dog, a cross between a raccoon and a husky. It has a life span of 11 to 13 years. It is a medium-sized dog, weighing between 11 and 51 pounds."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT orptiar asw het twsro rfo a cdones ryae ni a orw, whti slfhgti ni 2022 gnealiv fhal na ruho dnebhi hduseelc no eraevga. staE sMinldda rotrApi aws eth opt rrfempoer, iwht avgeear sayled fo tsju 13 nmsuite, ilhwe het KU aaeergv aws 23 nmiteus, ocagcnird ot atad ormf teh iCivl aoviAtin uittyhAor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Toronto Raptors are the two-time NBA champions, winning their first title in 2019 and second title in 2022. They are the only Canadian team in the NBA and have a very loyal fanbase, with over 48,000 season ticket holders. The Raptors play at Scotiabank Arena, which can seat 19,000 for basketball games, and has a capacity of 21,000 for concerts. The Raptors share the arena with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the NHL, who have won 13 Stanley Cup championships, and the Toronto Marlies of the AHL, who have won 23 division titles.", "scrambled": "heT orptiar asw het twsro rfo a cdones ryae ni a orw, whti slfhgti ni 2022 gnealiv fhal na ruho dnebhi hduseelc no eraevga. staE sMinldda rotrApi aws eth opt rrfempoer, iwht avgeear sayled fo tsju 13 nmsuite, ilhwe het KU aaeergv aws 23 nmiteus, ocagcnird ot atad ormf teh iCivl aoviAtin uittyhAor.", "original": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average delays of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "recovered": "The Toronto Raptors are the two-time NBA champions, winning their first title in 2019 and second title in 2022. They are the only Canadian team in the NBA and have a very loyal fanbase, with over 48,000 season ticket holders. The Raptors play at Scotiabank Arena, which can seat 19,000 for basketball games, and has a capacity of 21,000 for concerts. The Raptors share the arena with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the NHL, who have won 13 Stanley Cup championships, and the Toronto Marlies of the AHL, who have won 23 division titles."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aneltarivet ot riaatldtoin cmneirota dna uairlb will eocmbe het KU\u2019s isftr wne lgale edmhto fo opesrc aidsplso sinec het oiCrtanem ctA fo 1902. heT psersoc islvnove isoingdlsv a dyob ni a abg ni 160C twrae aettrde htwi na lklaia adn hsa a wlroe oabnrc toforptni hnta asg-eifrd tiocnaemr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The alphabetical order of the faculty members and their years of graduation will be the legal order for the presentation of the alumni since the charter was founded in 1902. The president is the only one with a degree from 160C and has a white beard.", "scrambled": "Teh aneltarivet ot riaatldtoin cmneirota dna uairlb will eocmbe het KU\u2019s isftr wne lgale edmhto fo opesrc aidsplso sinec het oiCrtanem ctA fo 1902. heT psersoc islvnove isoingdlsv a dyob ni a abg ni 160C twrae aettrde htwi na lklaia adn hsa a wlroe oabnrc toforptni hnta asg-eifrd tiocnaemr.", "original": "The alternative to traditional cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves dissolving a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired cremation.", "recovered": "The alphabetical order of the faculty members and their years of graduation will be the legal order for the presentation of the alumni since the charter was founded in 1902. The president is the only one with a degree from 160C and has a white beard."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT sanalisy fo adat no plepeo gaed 40 ot 69 nklied auhilatb npas htiw arlgre anirb omlvue veqlienuat ot pu ot 6.5 efwre asery fo niagge. ndiF uot meor hiwt Teh eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people aged 40 to 69 years old lacked adequate physical activity despite being aware of its benefits. The findings were published online in the BMJ.", "scrambled": "ehT sanalisy fo adat no plepeo gaed 40 ot 69 nklied auhilatb npas htiw arlgre anirb omlvue veqlienuat ot pu ot 6.5 efwre asery fo niagge. ndiF uot meor hiwt Teh eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd.", "original": "The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume equivalent to up to 6.5 fewer years of ageing. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Many people aged 40 to 69 years old lacked adequate physical activity despite being aware of its benefits. The findings were published online in the BMJ."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT inslasay fo psres fdmeore ni 180 uiorntsec dan eoiretrsrti upt eth hetrmi ogndkim ni slat cplae no eth nnaula rWodl ssreP Freeomd eIdxn, llfdewoo yb anmtVie nda nChai. rwyaoN optdpe het ganrkni ofr eht thesenv eayr ni a owr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Heat insulates for better performance, these runners feature 180 degrees of reflectivity up the ankle for added visibility in low light conditions. Freeomd EXODUS, lightweight and breathable, chafe-free interior. Knit-in ankle gripper for a no-slip fit.", "scrambled": "heT inslasay fo psres fdmeore ni 180 uiorntsec dan eoiretrsrti upt eth hetrmi ogndkim ni slat cplae no eth nnaula rWodl ssreP Freeomd eIdxn, llfdewoo yb anmtVie nda nChai. rwyaoN optdpe het ganrkni ofr eht thesenv eayr ni a owr.", "original": "The analysis of press freedom in 180 countries and territories put the hermit kingdom in last place on the annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China. Norway topped the ranking for the seventh year in a row.", "recovered": "Heat insulates for better performance, these runners feature 180 degrees of reflectivity up the ankle for added visibility in low light conditions. Freeomd EXODUS, lightweight and breathable, chafe-free interior. Knit-in ankle gripper for a no-slip fit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT aegarve soct fo lugrrae sglaione ni tangsWinoh ahs mjdeup yb remo ntah 30 cnste ni teh spta ohmtn ot emor nath $4.90 a alglon, gondiacrc ot AAA. saG ni Crnaliiofa si neylar 10 cnset rcehpea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Here are some tips for saving money on gas when traveling in the summer. First, make sure your car is properly maintained and get an oil change every 3,000 miles. Second, plan your route ahead of time and combine trips to save on gas. Third, avoid driving at peak times, such as rush hour or during the weekend. Fourth, use a GPS or mapping app to find the most efficient route. Fifth, drive smoothly and avoid aggressive driving, such as speeding or rapid acceleration and braking. Sixth, keep your tires properly inflated to the recommended pressure. Seventh, avoid excessive idling, such as in traffic or at red lights. Eighth, combine trips and errands to save on gas. Ninth, carpool or take public transportation when possible. Tenth, shop around for the best gas prices in your area.", "scrambled": "ehT aegarve soct fo lugrrae sglaione ni tangsWinoh ahs mjdeup yb remo ntah 30 cnste ni teh spta ohmtn ot emor nath $4.90 a alglon, gondiacrc ot AAA. saG ni Crnaliiofa si neylar 10 cnset rcehpea.", "original": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "recovered": "Here are some tips for saving money on gas when traveling in the summer. First, make sure your car is properly maintained and get an oil change every 3,000 miles. Second, plan your route ahead of time and combine trips to save on gas. Third, avoid driving at peak times, such as rush hour or during the weekend. Fourth, use a GPS or mapping app to find the most efficient route. Fifth, drive smoothly and avoid aggressive driving, such as speeding or rapid acceleration and braking. Sixth, keep your tires properly inflated to the recommended pressure. Seventh, avoid excessive idling, such as in traffic or at red lights. Eighth, combine trips and errands to save on gas. Ninth, carpool or take public transportation when possible. Tenth, shop around for the best gas prices in your area."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT aevreag tweamelrno si uobat 92% etrwa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Heat exhaustion can be life threatening. Seek medical help right away if you feel weak and tired.", "scrambled": "heT aevreag tweamelrno si uobat 92% etrwa.", "original": "The average watermelon is about 92% water.", "recovered": "Heat exhaustion can be life threatening. Seek medical help right away if you feel weak and tired."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT eagerav riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee no Tesyuda caeredh a wne high fo 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het owl 60s mya nto sdnuo revy toh ot teh oiillmsn fo srcmaiAne gteiwsna hrtohug a mruems hate evwa, het ugifer si tsoalm a ullf dreeeg isleCsu vaoeb eth eargave tutarerpeem eebenwt 1979 nda 2000 adn ptesrnrese a ewn itoiarcnd htat taEhr\u2019s tcmiale si ahtgnie pu efstra ntha aiatendctpi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The weather station on top of Mount Esyuda recorded a high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). When the station began operating in the 1960s, the mean temperature of the area was lower and the number of snowy days in winter was about half what it is today, but the average temperature has risen so that the number of snowy days has tripled in the thirty year period from 1979 to 2000. The station\u2019s climate classification has shifted from a continental climate to an oceanic climate.", "scrambled": "heT eagerav riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee no Tesyuda caeredh a wne high fo 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het owl 60s mya nto sdnuo revy toh ot teh oiillmsn fo srcmaiAne gteiwsna hrtohug a mruems hate evwa, het ugifer si tsoalm a ullf dreeeg isleCsu vaoeb eth eargave tutarerpeem eebenwt 1979 nda 2000 adn ptesrnrese a ewn itoiarcnd htat taEhr\u2019s tcmiale si ahtgnie pu efstra ntha aiatendctpi.", "original": "The average worldwide temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions of Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated.", "recovered": "The weather station on top of Mount Esyuda recorded a high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). When the station began operating in the 1960s, the mean temperature of the area was lower and the number of snowy days in winter was about half what it is today, but the average temperature has risen so that the number of snowy days has tripled in the thirty year period from 1979 to 2000. The station\u2019s climate classification has shifted from a continental climate to an oceanic climate."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT lbaooln swa bale ot smtartin nrioaniftmo bkca ot giniBje ni arle eimt, a csreou tlod NNC, nda eht SU rnmenogevt ltlis oesd tno wkno orf seru rhtehwe hte Csnihee gnmtnoerev dclou iewp eth lnlbooa\u2019s adta sa ti eeveirdc ti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It is a good idea to start training three months before the marathon, and to carbo-load the night before.  You should also get a good night\u2019s sleep the night before the race.  The morning of the race, have a light breakfast, and make sure you wear layers, as it is often cold at the start.  Good luck!", "scrambled": "heT lbaooln swa bale ot smtartin nrioaniftmo bkca ot giniBje ni arle eimt, a csreou tlod NNC, nda eht SU rnmenogevt ltlis oesd tno wkno orf seru rhtehwe hte Csnihee gnmtnoerev dclou iewp eth lnlbooa\u2019s adta sa ti eeveirdc ti.", "original": "The balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could wipe the balloon\u2019s data as it received it.", "recovered": "It is a good idea to start training three months before the marathon, and to carbo-load the night before.  You should also get a good night\u2019s sleep the night before the race.  The morning of the race, have a light breakfast, and make sure you wear layers, as it is often cold at the start.  Good luck!"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT nab no unsig teh Cehsein-woedn ovide ppa no gnmtnoerev ceidsve foowsll a wviree yb eth niotalaN yCbre iurteySc eCtenr nad nrsgbi eht KU ni enli thiw eth SU, Cadaan nad teh UE, aidm ngniwoers oiesnrtla ihwt eijgBin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The nuclear-armed states should conclude an agreement to never use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear weapon states as a first step towards nuclear disarmament. This would include the US, China, and the EU, and other nuclear weapon states.", "scrambled": "heT nab no unsig teh Cehsein-woedn ovide ppa no gnmtnoerev ceidsve foowsll a wviree yb eth niotalaN yCbre iurteySc eCtenr nad nrsgbi eht KU ni enli thiw eth SU, Cadaan nad teh UE, aidm ngniwoers oiesnrtla ihwt eijgBin.", "original": "The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid worsening relations with Beijing.", "recovered": "The nuclear-armed states should conclude an agreement to never use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear weapon states as a first step towards nuclear disarmament. This would include the US, China, and the EU, and other nuclear weapon states."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh nab, chhiw esmco onti fefetc no 31 Mrhca, seapipl ot eteagrrsnnd enomw hwo evah nnueogdre alem rypbuet. Teh roginvgen doyb\u2019s enetdirps, bSe Ceo, sida het ansrocilervto eindisoc adh eebn natek ot \u201ccoerttp eth tefuur fo het aeelmf etogayrc\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The nation\u2019s capital, Washington, D.C., was named the top travel destination in the United States for the 31st consecutive year by a popular travel guidebook. Sites such as the White House, the Capitol building and the National Mall, which include the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument, continue to draw millions of visitors each year from around the world.", "scrambled": "eTh nab, chhiw esmco onti fefetc no 31 Mrhca, seapipl ot eteagrrsnnd enomw hwo evah nnueogdre alem rypbuet. Teh roginvgen doyb\u2019s enetdirps, bSe Ceo, sida het ansrocilervto eindisoc adh eebn natek ot \u201ccoerttp eth tefuur fo het aeelmf etogayrc\u201d.", "original": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the future of the female category\u201d.", "recovered": "The nation\u2019s capital, Washington, D.C., was named the top travel destination in the United States for the 31st consecutive year by a popular travel guidebook. Sites such as the White House, the Capitol building and the National Mall, which include the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument, continue to draw millions of visitors each year from around the world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh tbse-llegnis uaothr fo \u201catE, Prya, veLo\u201d adesk rhe bulpssirhe ot ppnsoeot hte bintaciuolp fo erh nlveo \u201chTe nowS ertsoF\u201d, hiwhc si tes ni 20ht urcteyn Sireiba, nwigollfo a kahcsbla ofmr Uanikarin rdsreae. dnFi tou orem hiwt heT ekWe dpnUprawe cptodsa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " These three legends are the helpers of \u201cPrayer, Love, Truth\u201d according to the Buddhist scripture \u201cThe Sutra of the Contemplation of the Buddha of Immeasurable Life\u201d, which is the 20th chapter of the Lotus Sutra. They always appear together to encourage people to practice the way of the Buddha. In this picture, they are dancing in celebration.", "scrambled": "eTh tbse-llegnis uaothr fo \u201catE, Prya, veLo\u201d adesk rhe bulpssirhe ot ppnsoeot hte bintaciuolp fo erh nlveo \u201chTe nowS ertsoF\u201d, hiwhc si tes ni 20ht urcteyn Sireiba, nwigollfo a kahcsbla ofmr Uanikarin rdsreae. dnFi tou orem hiwt heT ekWe dpnUprawe cptodsa.", "original": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publishers to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "These three legends are the helpers of \u201cPrayer, Love, Truth\u201d according to the Buddhist scripture \u201cThe Sutra of the Contemplation of the Buddha of Immeasurable Life\u201d, which is the 20th chapter of the Lotus Sutra. They always appear together to encourage people to practice the way of the Buddha. In this picture, they are dancing in celebration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT hrcta-oeptpr swa iylsvib aeksnh nehw rhe ydaekrob ngbae nlgaypi tneos yb etsfil dnuigr eht rEa ruoT whos ni esaMasustshtc. wStif sulnuqstybee dxinpeela atht eth egyilnmes sesdpsseo tsnmteinru ahd natlenucdmfio teraf inegb aemdadg yb arni gnridu a sirovpue rceocnt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The heart of the matter is that we should not allow our differences to keep us apart. We have to find a way to work together and make progress. We need to support each other and help each other grow. We are all in this together, and we must work as a team if we are going to make a difference.", "scrambled": "heT hrcta-oeptpr swa iylsvib aeksnh nehw rhe ydaekrob ngbae nlgaypi tneos yb etsfil dnuigr eht rEa ruoT whos ni esaMasustshtc. wStif sulnuqstybee dxinpeela atht eth egyilnmes sesdpsseo tsnmteinru ahd natlenucdmfio teraf inegb aemdadg yb arni gnridu a sirovpue rceocnt.", "original": "The chart-topper was visibly shaken when her keyboard began playing notes by itself during the Era Tour show in Massachusetts. Swift subsequently explained that the seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned after being damaged by rain during a previous concert.", "recovered": "The heart of the matter is that we should not allow our differences to keep us apart. We have to find a way to work together and make progress. We need to support each other and help each other grow. We are all in this together, and we must work as a team if we are going to make a difference."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe mceospro\u2019s cnoroianto eanmth wlil eb dpeayl blcyliup orf het fsirt emti sa ngKi Cslahre III si ercndwo ni seWnitrsemt eAbby no Styrauad. icnrogcdA ot dLyol breWbe, hte cmaohrn trsqueede ttha eth enut eb \u201clmhbumae\u201d dan hcfeeulr eeacbsu \u201ceh wtnas eth htmnea ungs ni ruechhcs\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The motto of the Order of the Garter is \"Honi soit qui mal y pense\" (Shame on him who thinks evil of it) in reference to the legend of the garter. The full form of the motto is inscribed on the collar of the George III State Diadem in Welsh as Abby strauad.", "scrambled": "hTe mceospro\u2019s cnoroianto eanmth wlil eb dpeayl blcyliup orf het fsirt emti sa ngKi Cslahre III si ercndwo ni seWnitrsemt eAbby no Styrauad. icnrogcdA ot dLyol breWbe, hte cmaohrn trsqueede ttha eth enut eb \u201clmhbumae\u201d dan hcfeeulr eeacbsu \u201ceh wtnas eth htmnea ungs ni ruechhcs\u201d.", "original": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung in churches\u201d.", "recovered": "The motto of the Order of the Garter is \"Honi soit qui mal y pense\" (Shame on him who thinks evil of it) in reference to the legend of the garter. The full form of the motto is inscribed on the collar of the George III State Diadem in Welsh as Abby strauad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT rncoooanti hqueci asw escnoh yb teh nKgi nad eneuQ otrosCn sa eth teussdgeg teipnrceeec ofr gbi eclhsnu, treset teaispr dan rtoeh yuntmmoci nsevte no 6 Mya. laoyR aehd hcfe rakM nanaFlag mcea pu hwit teh pcreei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The continent of Antarctica contains 90% of the world's ice and 70% of the world's fresh water.  Six million years ago, Antarctica was not covered in ice.  The average annual temperature was about 14 degrees Celsius (57 degrees Fahrenheit), and penguins lived there alongside monkeys, kangaroos, and crocodiles.", "scrambled": "heT rncoooanti hqueci asw escnoh yb teh nKgi nad eneuQ otrosCn sa eth teussdgeg teipnrceeec ofr gbi eclhsnu, treset teaispr dan rtoeh yuntmmoci nsevte no 6 Mya. laoyR aehd hcfe rakM nanaFlag mcea pu hwit teh pcreei.", "original": "The coronation quiche was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties and other community events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Flanagan came up with the recipe.", "recovered": "The continent of Antarctica contains 90% of the world's ice and 70% of the world's fresh water.  Six million years ago, Antarctica was not covered in ice.  The average annual temperature was about 14 degrees Celsius (57 degrees Fahrenheit), and penguins lived there alongside monkeys, kangaroos, and crocodiles."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT irsuec phis rilaanCv Sehsinnu swa cekdor yb a rstom htta dceuas trrioien ratwe madeag nad ealdeyd tsi ternur ot trop ni huSto nroaClai.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This is a real life example of how three rats made a decision that affected the whole tribe.", "scrambled": "heT irsuec phis rilaanCv Sehsinnu swa cekdor yb a rstom htta dceuas trrioien ratwe madeag nad ealdeyd tsi ternur ot trop ni huSto nroaClai.", "original": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage and delayed its return to port in South Carolina.", "recovered": "This is a real life example of how three rats made a decision that affected the whole tribe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT diseoinc swa 6-3 ihwt ifehC citJsue Jhno eRtorbs wniitgr teh opnnioi orf het aotrievvsnce posrytaieujmr. ehT hreet leribal neidssestr \u2014 esustiJc eEnla gaKna, aSion yaoroSmto, nda tjineKa wBron onkaJcs \u2014 adsi eht yjrtimao si byacasill akignm llcatipio icoidnsse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Here is some basic information about John Bertrons' invention of the optical transistor which allows computers to process data much faster. Three key scientists who made important contributions to the development of the laser include Charles Townes, Arthur Schawlow and Gordon Gould.", "scrambled": "heT diseoinc swa 6-3 ihwt ifehC citJsue Jhno eRtorbs wniitgr teh opnnioi orf het aotrievvsnce posrytaieujmr. ehT hreet leribal neidssestr \u2014 esustiJc eEnla gaKna, aSion yaoroSmto, nda tjineKa wBron onkaJcs \u2014 adsi eht yjrtimao si byacasill akignm llcatipio icoidnsse.", "original": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative supermajority. The three liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically making political decisions.", "recovered": "Here is some basic information about John Bertrons' invention of the optical transistor which allows computers to process data much faster. Three key scientists who made important contributions to the development of the laser include Charles Townes, Arthur Schawlow and Gordon Gould."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe ancidtse si raf sels naht eth arylen 4.5 leism odevcer ni eQenu ltEehaibz II\u2019s sinoserocp ni 1953, dirgegter nocsrenc tath ellw-wiehrss gnipoh ot lein odnonL\u2019s stseert ot owecelm eth ngik aym lsrggetu ot nidf cpsae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first synthesis of arylen was achieved in 1953 by the German chemist Otto Lehmann, who obtained it from the reaction of nitrobenzene with phosphorus oxychloride.", "scrambled": "hTe ancidtse si raf sels naht eth arylen 4.5 leism odevcer ni eQenu ltEehaibz II\u2019s sinoserocp ni 1953, dirgegter nocsrenc tath ellw-wiehrss gnipoh ot lein odnonL\u2019s stseert ot owecelm eth ngik aym lsrggetu ot nidf cpsae.", "original": "The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s procession in 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets to welcome the king may struggle to find space.", "recovered": "The first synthesis of arylen was achieved in 1953 by the German chemist Otto Lehmann, who obtained it from the reaction of nitrobenzene with phosphorus oxychloride."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh eitvefecsesnf fo het iCovd-19 scciaven easfd taefr isx hsomnt sa slevle fo lnuianzitger siadontbei ni het boldo alfl, ssietdu wsho. tWhi mayn peloep yonusliax rgdewonni woh oson yeht acn tge henarot hots, SU elahht lofafisic rae wno odnrcnesiig thneora urndo fo tnvbaeil srtsoboe rfo eht otsm eulrnblave micarAens.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The effects of the Covid-19 pandemic have been felt across the globe, with some countries seeing a significant rise in cases over the last few months, such as the US, Brazil, and India. However, some countries have managed to keep the number of cases relatively low, such as Vietnam, New Zealand, and Australia. This may be due to their early adoption of strong public health measures, such as social distancing and mask-wearing.", "scrambled": "Teh eitvefecsesnf fo het iCovd-19 scciaven easfd taefr isx hsomnt sa slevle fo lnuianzitger siadontbei ni het boldo alfl, ssietdu wsho. tWhi mayn peloep yonusliax rgdewonni woh oson yeht acn tge henarot hots, SU elahht lofafisic rae wno odnrcnesiig thneora urndo fo tnvbaeil srtsoboe rfo eht otsm eulrnblave micarAens.", "original": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six months as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get another shot, US health officials are now considering another round of bivalent boosters for the most vulnerable Americans.", "recovered": "The effects of the Covid-19 pandemic have been felt across the globe, with some countries seeing a significant rise in cases over the last few months, such as the US, Brazil, and India. However, some countries have managed to keep the number of cases relatively low, such as Vietnam, New Zealand, and Australia. This may be due to their early adoption of strong public health measures, such as social distancing and mask-wearing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe etenv si etnfo frrereed ot sa \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d hsTi reya, eht emeth swa \u201cnI rhnoo fo Klar,\u201d a rutbeit ot het aelt eesridng alKr rdealgeLf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The energy source for the \u201cNightingale\u201d spacecraft is a \u201cfusion reactor.\u201d This reactor, which is based on the \u201cKeller process,\u201d is also used on Earth as a power plant.", "scrambled": "hTe etenv si etnfo frrereed ot sa \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d hsTi reya, eht emeth swa \u201cnI rhnoo fo Klar,\u201d a rutbeit ot het aelt eesridng alKr rdealgeLf.", "original": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "recovered": "The energy source for the \u201cNightingale\u201d spacecraft is a \u201cfusion reactor.\u201d This reactor, which is based on the \u201cKeller process,\u201d is also used on Earth as a power plant."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT feca ogsnvcire rea dmea fo VU-isrntteas laeitmra adn ear neidsegd ot tcepotr eht rrwaee\u2019s dahe, efca nad ckne fomr uns epeuorsx. roF reom dod nda xnteceudpe eswn, gsni pu ot teh llaT sTale tsewnetelr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The faculty of the university decided to establish a special network to allow students to rate their professors.", "scrambled": "heT feca ogsnvcire rea dmea fo VU-isrntteas laeitmra adn ear neidsegd ot tcepotr eht rrwaee\u2019s dahe, efca nad ckne fomr uns epeuorsx. roF reom dod nda xnteceudpe eswn, gsni pu ot teh llaT sTale tsewnetelr.", "original": "The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The faculty of the university decided to establish a special network to allow students to rate their professors."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe gefiru si pu 15 sptoni omrf 51% ni iAplr, cicgadron ot lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo siBihrt lasdtu avhe a bafuoelarv ievw fo het puorg sJtu optS ilO, chihw sha itdusrped lsvreea ajmor nstorgpi eensvt hist smemru.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The GeForce 9400M was ranked 51% in overall performance, with the GTX 260M taking the lead. The 9400M only managed 17% of the last-place score in the battery life test, with the 9-cell battery lasting only 2 hours and 38 minutes. This is significantly shorter than the other systems in this review, with the next-shortest system lasting 3 hours and 21 minutes.", "scrambled": "hTe gefiru si pu 15 sptoni omrf 51% ni iAplr, cicgadron ot lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo siBihrt lasdtu avhe a bafuoelarv ievw fo het puorg sJtu optS ilO, chihw sha itdusrped lsvreea ajmor nstorgpi eensvt hist smemru.", "original": "The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to polling from YouGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major sporting events this summer.", "recovered": "The GeForce 9400M was ranked 51% in overall performance, with the GTX 260M taking the lead. The 9400M only managed 17% of the last-place score in the battery life test, with the 9-cell battery lasting only 2 hours and 38 minutes. This is significantly shorter than the other systems in this review, with the next-shortest system lasting 3 hours and 21 minutes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh lnfia etvo ot nde eht ioCdv-19 gerenycem daedrcel yb hent-idePtensr nDloda mTurp ni aMcrh fo 2020 asw vrhenyllwgomei tsbraainip, 68-23. heT njtoi nteiloruso, iwchh craldee het oeusH elreair iths yrae, wno sahde ot eirPnesdt oJe eiBnd\u2019s ekds.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The infographic shows the top 10 movies of 2020 according to IMDb, including \u201cNomadland\u201d which won the Oscar for best picture.", "scrambled": "eTh lnfia etvo ot nde eht ioCdv-19 gerenycem daedrcel yb hent-idePtensr nDloda mTurp ni aMcrh fo 2020 asw vrhenyllwgomei tsbraainip, 68-23. heT njtoi nteiloruso, iwchh craldee het oeusH elreair iths yrae, wno sahde ot eirPnesdt oJe eiBnd\u2019s ekds.", "original": "The final vote to end the Covid-19 emergency declared by then-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which cleared the House earlier this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "recovered": "The infographic shows the top 10 movies of 2020 according to IMDb, including \u201cNomadland\u201d which won the Oscar for best picture."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ismrf ewer slao erddoer ot ypaer a ttaol fo aoundr \u00a35 lmlinoi ni lsto easgw ot 63,000 fftas, inofowgll isvaisngtoetni yb RCHM atindg cabk ot 2017. M&S, tiHWhSm dan oAgrs lal dasi eht abceersh erwe ntelotnnianui nda adh eebn lwyifts mdeedier.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It is marvellous to see Ewer doing well after leaving a tough role at \u00a35 million loss, especially given that M&S, the parent company, made a staggering \u00a3935 million loss in the same period.", "scrambled": "heT ismrf ewer slao erddoer ot ypaer a ttaol fo aoundr \u00a35 lmlinoi ni lsto easgw ot 63,000 fftas, inofowgll isvaisngtoetni yb RCHM atindg cabk ot 2017. M&S, tiHWhSm dan oAgrs lal dasi eht abceersh erwe ntelotnnianui nda adh eebn lwyifts mdeedier.", "original": "The firms were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied.", "recovered": "It is marvellous to see Ewer doing well after leaving a tough role at \u00a35 million loss, especially given that M&S, the parent company, made a staggering \u00a3935 million loss in the same period."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT strfi looftalb catmh ta athw asw neth ealcdl eth Epreim mudtSai ootk eapcl no 28 irlAp 1923. irnguD tis yertunc-olgn thsoriy, myebelW ahs eebn eth tsei fo ngdnlEa\u2019s 1966 lodWr Cpu oyvrcti, eht 1985 Leiv Adi eccotnr nad het nsoeesisL\u2019 ocrvyti ni teh omeWn\u2019s srEou aslt yare.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This is a famous unsolved mathematical problem, which was first mentioned in a letter by Albert Einstein to Solomon Lefschetz on April 28, 1923. Theory of relativity is a part of general theory of relativity which was published by Albert Einstein in 1916.", "scrambled": "heT strfi looftalb catmh ta athw asw neth ealcdl eth Epreim mudtSai ootk eapcl no 28 irlAp 1923. irnguD tis yertunc-olgn thsoriy, myebelW ahs eebn eth tsei fo ngdnlEa\u2019s 1966 lodWr Cpu oyvrcti, eht 1985 Leiv Adi eccotnr nad het nsoeesisL\u2019 ocrvyti ni teh omeWn\u2019s srEou aslt yare.", "original": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euros last year.", "recovered": "This is a famous unsolved mathematical problem, which was first mentioned in a letter by Albert Einstein to Solomon Lefschetz on April 28, 1923. Theory of relativity is a part of general theory of relativity which was published by Albert Einstein in 1916."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh fsrit olrlre ecaosrt ni micraeA oepedn no noyCe daIlns, ni oylorknB, ewN okYr, ni 1884.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first Olympic Games of the modern era were held in Athens, Greece, in 1896.", "scrambled": "eTh fsrit olrlre ecaosrt ni micraeA oepedn no noyCe daIlns, ni oylorknB, ewN okYr, ni 1884.", "original": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "recovered": "The first Olympic Games of the modern era were held in Athens, Greece, in 1896."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh gfal, tcraede yb astictiv enB hHtia, onrfeud fo het lntaNioa uenhnJetet ianrboeClte otdnoiunaF, sha a hetiw tars ni het dmedil npreetsgreni eht oLne arSt taSte fo Tsxea sa ellw sa eth eeomrdf fo ifAanrc micneasAr ni lla 50 etsast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The globe, controlled by the British Empire, underwent industrialization in the 19th century, which saw a great expansion of the railway system, as well as the telegraph, and steam-powered ships for trade and warfare. This in turn led to an increase in imperialism, with many countries acquiring colonies in the latter half of the 19th century.", "scrambled": "Teh gfal, tcraede yb astictiv enB hHtia, onrfeud fo het lntaNioa uenhnJetet ianrboeClte otdnoiunaF, sha a hetiw tars ni het dmedil npreetsgreni eht oLne arSt taSte fo Tsxea sa ellw sa eth eeomrdf fo ifAanrc micneasAr ni lla 50 etsast.", "original": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haith, founder of the National Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the freedom of African Americans in all 50 states.", "recovered": "The globe, controlled by the British Empire, underwent industrialization in the 19th century, which saw a great expansion of the railway system, as well as the telegraph, and steam-powered ships for trade and warfare. This in turn led to an increase in imperialism, with many countries acquiring colonies in the latter half of the 19th century."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe orermf hhltea atrrecesy bate ivrla eatK seFobr ni hte atlebt ot caepler olcNai etrougnS sa aeledr fo hte octshiSt itoaalnN artyP, aetfr shA ngRea swa enladitemi ni het tirfs-onudr oballt fo trapy bmmeesr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Theorems about arithmetic functions through the use of complex analysis, and more generally, analytic number theory, play an important role in number theory.", "scrambled": "hTe orermf hhltea atrrecesy bate ivrla eatK seFobr ni hte atlebt ot caepler olcNai etrougnS sa aeledr fo hte octshiSt itoaalnN artyP, aetfr shA ngRea swa enladitemi ni het tirfs-onudr oballt fo trapy bmmeesr.", "original": "The former health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola Sturgeon as leader of the Scottish National Party, after Ash Regan was eliminated in the first-round ballot of party members.", "recovered": "Theorems about arithmetic functions through the use of complex analysis, and more generally, analytic number theory, play an important role in number theory."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT oefmrr piemr teimirns si nntosctgei eth blil fro scots ecrudrni ta neihCnveg Husoe ni tKen rigdun hre retneu sa fniroge eatrseyrc. eTh socts oyepdrletr licndeu oodf, ewin nad nmigsis simet, utb uTsrs yssa eth stva tjoiamyr fo het iinceov ltsraee ot ciflafoi reogmnevnt snseuisb, rfo hchwi hes lwduo otn eb belali, eartrh anht pslanroe essnpxee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The people of Scotland have a long and proud history, and their culture is rich and diverse. The Scots are well known for their friendliness and hospitality, and they are also very patriotic, with a strong sense of national identity. The country has produced many famous writers, musicians, and athletes, and it is home to some of the world's most beautiful landscapes and scenery. Despite its small size, Scotland has made a huge contribution to the world, and its culture and heritage are truly unique and special.", "scrambled": "heT oefmrr piemr teimirns si nntosctgei eth blil fro scots ecrudrni ta neihCnveg Husoe ni tKen rigdun hre retneu sa fniroge eatrseyrc. eTh socts oyepdrletr licndeu oodf, ewin nad nmigsis simet, utb uTsrs yssa eth stva tjoiamyr fo het iinceov ltsraee ot ciflafoi reogmnevnt snseuisb, rfo hchwi hes lwduo otn eb belali, eartrh anht pslanroe essnpxee.", "original": "The former prime minister is contesting the bill for costs incurred at Chevening House in Kent during her tenure as foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include food, wine and missing items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to official government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.", "recovered": "The people of Scotland have a long and proud history, and their culture is rich and diverse. The Scots are well known for their friendliness and hospitality, and they are also very patriotic, with a strong sense of national identity. The country has produced many famous writers, musicians, and athletes, and it is home to some of the world's most beautiful landscapes and scenery. Despite its small size, Scotland has made a huge contribution to the world, and its culture and heritage are truly unique and special."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh tangi rasskh reew umhc earrmw elodobd tanh hrtoe miisral escpsei, ridoacgnc ot ewn anilsysa fo eehtt sioslsf. heT niigfsdn aym opdeirv scelu bouat awht usedac het lgamdnooe ot og tecnitx oemr anht ether lomsnili syare oag.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The tongue is a muscle. It is used to help us taste our food and swallow. Our tongue is also a very sensitive organ in our mouth. It helps us to speak, and it also helps us to chew our food. The tongue is also connected to the throat.", "scrambled": "eTh tangi rasskh reew umhc earrmw elodobd tanh hrtoe miisral escpsei, ridoacgnc ot ewn anilsysa fo eehtt sioslsf. heT niigfsdn aym opdeirv scelu bouat awht usedac het lgamdnooe ot og tecnitx oemr anht ether lomsnili syare oag.", "original": "The giant sharks were much warmer blooded than other similar species, according to new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.", "recovered": "The tongue is a muscle. It is used to help us taste our food and swallow. Our tongue is also a very sensitive organ in our mouth. It helps us to speak, and it also helps us to chew our food. The tongue is also connected to the throat."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT gvernoemtn simeds ayMond\u2019s ldideena ot dnha roev soBir oonnhJs\u2019s phWsatAp sgasesem, ebsceua het romrfe preim itrmsine swa isda ot ahve enofrtgto het sdecspao rof ish dol oehpn. A eekrsopsosnp ofr eht efmrro ierpm irtinmse iads hnnoJso shiesw ot tcarepoeo wthi hte niqriuy. rAwedn lWyahe, na eterpx ni etucceysribyr, ssddeimis hsJnono\u2019s acsesopd mcali, lnlteig Syk sewN ti swa a \u201ctrypet amel xcusee\u201d dna thta \u201ccicnegass eth tada ldouw aetk situemn\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have developed a new type of sensor that can detect bacteria in the air, which could help identify disease outbreaks. The sensor works by measuring the light scattered by particles in the air, and can detect bacteria at concentrations as low as one bacterium per cubic meter. This is much more sensitive than current methods, which can only detect bacteria at concentrations of around one million per cubic meter. The new sensor could be used in hospitals, clinics, and other healthcare facilities to help detect disease outbreaks early, and potentially save lives.", "scrambled": "ehT gvernoemtn simeds ayMond\u2019s ldideena ot dnha roev soBir oonnhJs\u2019s phWsatAp sgasesem, ebsceua het romrfe preim itrmsine swa isda ot ahve enofrtgto het sdecspao rof ish dol oehpn. A eekrsopsosnp ofr eht efmrro ierpm irtinmse iads hnnoJso shiesw ot tcarepoeo wthi hte niqriuy. rAwedn lWyahe, na eterpx ni etucceysribyr, ssddeimis hsJnono\u2019s acsesopd mcali, lnlteig Syk sewN ti swa a \u201ctrypet amel xcusee\u201d dna thta \u201ccicnegass eth tada ldouw aetk situemn\u201d.", "original": "The government missed Monday\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "recovered": "Scientists have developed a new type of sensor that can detect bacteria in the air, which could help identify disease outbreaks. The sensor works by measuring the light scattered by particles in the air, and can detect bacteria at concentrations as low as one bacterium per cubic meter. This is much more sensitive than current methods, which can only detect bacteria at concentrations of around one million per cubic meter. The new sensor could be used in hospitals, clinics, and other healthcare facilities to help detect disease outbreaks early, and potentially save lives."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT giegunss meag anegb tals kwee hnwe eth obko preeapda no ltmpiuel keoblorels btwieses nderu hte nmae 4C ttediUnl lFtoanri inonNiftoc urmSem 2023. tBu biupglnish sueho taroFnil osoBk ahs edovls het rtyysem yb venearigl htat teh yraegel dceipatinat areseel si toaub het K-ppo obaydbn nda lwli eb ipudhelsb ni uJly duren hte teitl oenydB het rSyot: 10-earY cdoreR fo SBT.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The global 4C Ten Year Forecast 2023 predicts that by 2023, sustainable business will account for 10% of all global revenue, up from an estimated 4% in 2018. The report also finds that sustainable business will grow at twice the rate of the overall global economy over the next five years.", "scrambled": "ehT giegunss meag anegb tals kwee hnwe eth obko preeapda no ltmpiuel keoblorels btwieses nderu hte nmae 4C ttediUnl lFtoanri inonNiftoc urmSem 2023. tBu biupglnish sueho taroFnil osoBk ahs edovls het rtyysem yb venearigl htat teh yraegel dceipatinat areseel si toaub het K-ppo obaydbn nda lwli eb ipudhelsb ni uJly duren hte teitl oenydB het rSyot: 10-earY cdoreR fo SBT.", "original": "The guessing game began last week when the book appeared on multiple bookseller websites under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. But publishing house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop boyband and will be published in July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "recovered": "The global 4C Ten Year Forecast 2023 predicts that by 2023, sustainable business will account for 10% of all global revenue, up from an estimated 4% in 2018. The report also finds that sustainable business will grow at twice the rate of the overall global economy over the next five years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh dahe fo tLnrozeaa\u2019s alolc emrgtnvoen ltdo a rosimut eardt frai ni nrBlie thta het nrayaC snaidl\u2019s oersstr hda obmeec rlovye etirnal no \u201csmas eratmk\u201d shyeaiadrmolk ofrm hte KU nda uhsdlo eb csiuogfn no strisivo mrof remGyna, \u201cowh npdes omre hnwe etyh ear hree\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The dawn for the Titans\u2019 alcohol emerging trend led to a romantic era from the 1950s to the early 1970s when jazz musicians often sported dapper outfits.", "scrambled": "Teh dahe fo tLnrozeaa\u2019s alolc emrgtnvoen ltdo a rosimut eardt frai ni nrBlie thta het nrayaC snaidl\u2019s oersstr hda obmeec rlovye etirnal no \u201csmas eratmk\u201d shyeaiadrmolk ofrm hte KU nda uhsdlo eb csiuogfn no strisivo mrof remGyna, \u201cowh npdes omre hnwe etyh ear hree\u201d.", "original": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a tourism trade fair in Berlin that the Canary island\u2019s resorts had become overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the UK and should be focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cwho spend more when they are here\u201d.", "recovered": "The dawn for the Titans\u2019 alcohol emerging trend led to a romantic era from the 1950s to the early 1970s when jazz musicians often sported dapper outfits."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rihscoti redoCko eHsou, ni hte laligev fo mHyeil, sha llcdae etmi nlwlogifo 192 esyar fo giatrnd, reatf igneb slod ot a eavprit eurby \u201corf etvnaarltei esu\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The record for the oldest person, Jeanne Calment, lived to the age of 192 years, so it\u2019s not surprising that people are interested in the secret of her longevity, which may be found in the phrase \u201cthe secret of youth\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh rihscoti redoCko eHsou, ni hte laligev fo mHyeil, sha llcdae etmi nlwlogifo 192 esyar fo giatrnd, reatf igneb slod ot a eavprit eurby \u201corf etvnaarltei esu\u201d.", "original": "The historic Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has called time following 192 years of trading, after being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.", "recovered": "The record for the oldest person, Jeanne Calment, lived to the age of 192 years, so it\u2019s not surprising that people are interested in the secret of her longevity, which may be found in the phrase \u201cthe secret of youth\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT endtcnitmi smeak rpmuT eth strif xe-nsdreietp ni SU oshyrti ot eafc ianlcmir recagsh. hTe csea gnsiaat mhi secetnr no na delalge $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma adem ot dtlua flmi atrs mtSyro ialnDes gdruin eth niafl dsay fo het 2016 tedaeprlisni mcgipana.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The estate of Michael Crichton has filed a lawsuit against the producers of the film adaptation of his novel Microsurgery, claiming they owe him $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) for the 2016 release.", "scrambled": "heT endtcnitmi smeak rpmuT eth strif xe-nsdreietp ni SU oshyrti ot eafc ianlcmir recagsh. hTe csea gnsiaat mhi secetnr no na delalge $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma adem ot dtlua flmi atrs mtSyro ialnDes gdruin eth niafl dsay fo het 2016 tedaeprlisni mcgipana.", "original": "The indictment makes Trump the first ex-president in US history to face criminal charges. The case against him centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payment made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "recovered": "The estate of Michael Crichton has filed a lawsuit against the producers of the film adaptation of his novel Microsurgery, claiming they owe him $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) for the 2016 release."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT liasurnjto dan rotauh si nsugi eth eromrf rdspeeitn orf atetybr dan fnedtmioaa, ailinmcg eh dpear hre ni a tedenpamtr otesr incgahng oomr ni 1996 dna nteh dnidee ti raesy reatl. rTmpu sednei het reashcg nda si tno etecdxep ot arappe ni crtuo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Harvard University has produced many distinguished scientists including six Nobel laureates in physics, chemistry, and medicine since its founding in 1636. The university received its first royal charter in 1650 from the English monarchs Charles II and his queen, Catherine of Braganza. The university moved to its present location in 1780, when landowner and patriot John Hancock sold the school a large parcel of land not far from Boston. The university's endowment currently stands at over $36 billion, making it the largest in the world.", "scrambled": "heT liasurnjto dan rotauh si nsugi eth eromrf rdspeeitn orf atetybr dan fnedtmioaa, ailinmcg eh dpear hre ni a tedenpamtr otesr incgahng oomr ni 1996 dna nteh dnidee ti raesy reatl. rTmpu sednei het reashcg nda si tno etecdxep ot arappe ni crtuo.", "original": "The journalist and author is suing the former president for battery and defamation, claiming he raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it years later. Trump denies the charges and is not expected to appear in court.", "recovered": "Harvard University has produced many distinguished scientists including six Nobel laureates in physics, chemistry, and medicine since its founding in 1636. The university received its first royal charter in 1650 from the English monarchs Charles II and his queen, Catherine of Braganza. The university moved to its present location in 1780, when landowner and patriot John Hancock sold the school a large parcel of land not far from Boston. The university's endowment currently stands at over $36 billion, making it the largest in the world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-yera elalg caes ni hwchi eth cluepo ugtosh het hrigt ot \u201ca qieut ifel\u201d dan \u201csetr\u201d ta eirth mheo ni iremnaC, a ttridcsi thiw bgiltusn tgieifhnl ni eht nonrehtr cyit fo iesacBr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Here\u2019s a fun game you can play with a friend. Take a 10-sided die and roll it, then use the result as a clue to help you solve the other person\u2019s riddle. You can only use \u201ca little bit\u201d or \u201ca lot\u201d as answers.", "scrambled": "heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-yera elalg caes ni hwchi eth cluepo ugtosh het hrigt ot \u201ca qieut ifel\u201d dan \u201csetr\u201d ta eirth mheo ni iremnaC, a ttridcsi thiw bgiltusn tgieifhnl ni eht nonrehtr cyit fo iesacBr.", "original": "The landmark ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling nightlife in the northern city of Brescia.", "recovered": "Here\u2019s a fun game you can play with a friend. Take a 10-sided die and roll it, then use the result as a clue to help you solve the other person\u2019s riddle. You can only use \u201ca little bit\u201d or \u201ca lot\u201d as answers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT astl spersgnae cseuerd hda nebe siuepd ownd ofr mreo ntha heret hrosu taerf eth ried dlleast. heT erdi ahs ebne opaymerlrit ocldes iwhle uiaethitrso gisievatnte eth igneirtfyr aerdlo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The stars sparkled brightly on this clear, cold winter night. The full moon shone down like a giant spotlight illuminating the fresh fallen snow on the ground. It was a beautiful sight to behold. As I stood there taking it all in, I couldn't help but feel a sense of peace and wonderment at the beauty of nature all around me. It was a magical moment that I will never forget.", "scrambled": "ehT astl spersgnae cseuerd hda nebe siuepd ownd ofr mreo ntha heret hrosu taerf eth ried dlleast. heT erdi ahs ebne opaymerlrit ocldes iwhle uiaethitrso gisievatnte eth igneirtfyr aerdlo.", "original": "The last passenger rescued had been upside down for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride has been temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.", "recovered": "The stars sparkled brightly on this clear, cold winter night. The full moon shone down like a giant spotlight illuminating the fresh fallen snow on the ground. It was a beautiful sight to behold. As I stood there taking it all in, I couldn't help but feel a sense of peace and wonderment at the beauty of nature all around me. It was a magical moment that I will never forget."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT etstal rtoivyc upts anM tyiC otnij twih ntAos alilV fro totla AF Cpu telit snwi. heT drecor orf eth tmso nwis si hdel eb aAlenrs, ta 14, foedlolw yb naM dtU (12), nad heaelCs, eovpoirLl nad toahnemTt (lla no 8).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The test starts at 9 o\u2019clock in the morning. You should be at school at least 15 minutes (12 + 3) before the test starts. And have your head clean, have a good night sleep (at least 8 hours).", "scrambled": "heT etstal rtoivyc upts anM tyiC otnij twih ntAos alilV fro totla AF Cpu telit snwi. heT drecor orf eth tmso nwis si hdel eb aAlenrs, ta 14, foedlolw yb naM dtU (12), nad heaelCs, eovpoirLl nad toahnemTt (lla no 8).", "original": "The latest victory puts Man City joint with Aston Villa for total FA Cup title wins. The record for the most wins is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham (all on 8).", "recovered": "The test starts at 9 o\u2019clock in the morning. You should be at school at least 15 minutes (12 + 3) before the test starts. And have your head clean, have a good night sleep (at least 8 hours)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni aer tes ot ipctam tuoba 7,000 bsjo, OEC obB ergI sdai shti eekw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The osprey is a fish-eating bird of prey that measures about 21-inches long, with a wingspan of about 7,000 bsjo, and weighs about 2.75 pounds.", "scrambled": "eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni aer tes ot ipctam tuoba 7,000 bsjo, OEC obB ergI sdai shti eekw.", "original": "The layoffs at Disney are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week.", "recovered": "The osprey is a fish-eating bird of prey that measures about 21-inches long, with a wingspan of about 7,000 bsjo, and weighs about 2.75 pounds."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ieulrse dan ophtlsatiyi tydrsniu si snuilgtgrg ot vecrero lla hte rwroesk ti tsol edu ot eth aiepmndc, tceern aadt fmor hte raBuue fo rLabo aittstiScs woshs. hsTi soretc sah eth igtsebg aesogrht fo krweosr, wdno 349,000 pleeop, ro 2% fo eth ttlao rep-macpedni ofrokwrec.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon is Portland, which had an estimated population of 632,309 as of 2017. Incorporated in 1859, Portland is the 29th-most populous city in the United States and the second-most populous in the Pacific Northwest (after Seattle, Washington), and is the most populous city in Oregon. Portland is the county seat of Multnomah County, and is the central city of the Portland metropolitan area, the 25th-largest metropolitan area in the United States.", "scrambled": "heT ieulrse dan ophtlsatiyi tydrsniu si snuilgtgrg ot vecrero lla hte rwroesk ti tsol edu ot eth aiepmndc, tceern aadt fmor hte raBuue fo rLabo aittstiScs woshs. hsTi soretc sah eth igtsebg aesogrht fo krweosr, wdno 349,000 pleeop, ro 2% fo eth ttlao rep-macpedni ofrokwrec.", "original": "The leisure and hospitality industry is struggling to recover all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This sector has the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce.", "recovered": "The largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon is Portland, which had an estimated population of 632,309 as of 2017. Incorporated in 1859, Portland is the 29th-most populous city in the United States and the second-most populous in the Pacific Northwest (after Seattle, Washington), and is the most populous city in Oregon. Portland is the county seat of Multnomah County, and is the central city of the Portland metropolitan area, the 25th-largest metropolitan area in the United States."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lfniitg fo telTi 42 nmsae tath eht SU rnetenogvm lwil rnretu ot a edaecsd-lod noescit fo teh SU deoc nnkwo sa liTte 8, ihchw Haomlend rScytuei tryeacSer Aenoardlj kysMoraa ahs dewrna ulwdo yrrca \u201croem severe\u201d scqunseneoce fro tisnrmga ufodn ot eb nrentgei eth oucytnr ulnyluflwa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The findings of TelTi 42 demonstrate that the SU renewable energy goal may be achievable through an innovative combination of distributed load management and storage technologies. This hybrid system could provide \u201cfirm\u201d energy resources to support the SU grid in times of need, such as during a regional power outage.", "scrambled": "Teh lfniitg fo telTi 42 nmsae tath eht SU rnetenogvm lwil rnretu ot a edaecsd-lod noescit fo teh SU deoc nnkwo sa liTte 8, ihchw Haomlend rScytuei tryeacSer Aenoardlj kysMoraa ahs dewrna ulwdo yrrca \u201croem severe\u201d scqunseneoce fro tisnrmga ufodn ot eb nrentgei eth oucytnr ulnyluflwa.", "original": "The lifting of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully.", "recovered": "The findings of TelTi 42 demonstrate that the SU renewable energy goal may be achievable through an innovative combination of distributed load management and storage technologies. This hybrid system could provide \u201cfirm\u201d energy resources to support the SU grid in times of need, such as during a regional power outage."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh traomiyj fo irofaaCiln\u2019s uoitecns reew enrdu a estat fo geeymcenr edu ot vcixesese nrai nad ndoglifo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The tradition of iron-fisted rulers goes against the trend of democratic elections and voting.", "scrambled": "Teh traomiyj fo irofaaCiln\u2019s uoitecns reew enrdu a estat fo geeymcenr edu ot vcixesese nrai nad ndoglifo.", "original": "The majority of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.", "recovered": "The tradition of iron-fisted rulers goes against the trend of democratic elections and voting."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe cicoipscomr noouwrrmd, ro odemeatn, dha nlia odmtnra ni niiaSreb rotpaefsmr icens hte tlas eIc gAe. tI asw neeurdaht fomr a ssofisdile lusrqier browru tedcxtare mrof teh roasnttreehn tcricA ni 2002.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The cicada chorus, a constant background noise, suddenly diminished, then died away completely as midnight approached on this summer night in 2002.", "scrambled": "hTe cicoipscomr noouwrrmd, ro odemeatn, dha nlia odmtnra ni niiaSreb rotpaefsmr icens hte tlas eIc gAe. tI asw neeurdaht fomr a ssofisdile lusrqier browru tedcxtare mrof teh roasnttreehn tcricA ni 2002.", "original": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in Siberian permafrost since the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from the northeastern Arctic in 2002.", "recovered": "The cicada chorus, a constant background noise, suddenly diminished, then died away completely as midnight approached on this summer night in 2002."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ngiisms sntieoc eastd kcba lmoast 1,500 reysa adn si noe fo het eatleris tonialsatsnr fo eth olsepGs, rcacngdio ot tsssinetci how sdue ialtrouevlt aptrpyhogoh ot idnf eth cahtepr idhnde eahnetb rehte arlyes fo extt no a atmcinrsup ni eht iVntaac yiarLrb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists estimate that 1,500 rays and sharks are killed each year for their fins alone, providing only a tiny portion of the revenue from the sale of these animals to restaurants, supermarkets and other outlets.", "scrambled": "eTh ngiisms sntieoc eastd kcba lmoast 1,500 reysa adn si noe fo het eatleris tonialsatsnr fo eth olsepGs, rcacngdio ot tsssinetci how sdue ialtrouevlt aptrpyhogoh ot idnf eth cahtepr idhnde eahnetb rehte arlyes fo extt no a atmcinrsup ni eht iVntaac yiarLrb.", "original": "The missing section dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet photography to find the chapter hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican Library.", "recovered": "Scientists estimate that 1,500 rays and sharks are killed each year for their fins alone, providing only a tiny portion of the revenue from the sale of these animals to restaurants, supermarkets and other outlets."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh wne ovidC-19 vsncciae, hwhci dslhuo eb eyrda yb eth nde fo etmpbeSer, ilwl eb dmea aibaallev cydrleit ofmr hte amruntfaercus no het cmlemicoar mertka, earhtr ahnt uthhrgo het SU ngortmevne.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The novel coronavirus, which first emerged in Wuhan, China, in December 2019, has so far spread to every continent except Antarctica.", "scrambled": "Teh wne ovidC-19 vsncciae, hwhci dslhuo eb eyrda yb eth nde fo etmpbeSer, ilwl eb dmea aibaallev cydrleit ofmr hte amruntfaercus no het cmlemicoar mertka, earhtr ahnt uthhrgo het SU ngortmevne.", "original": "The new Covid-19 vaccines, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "recovered": "The novel coronavirus, which first emerged in Wuhan, China, in December 2019, has so far spread to every continent except Antarctica."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh nelwy oduaecnnn stca fo hte oimcnupg gihte-tpra erises \u2013 ets ni eth tcu-arttho rldwo fo deitnnneped etovieinsl ni 1980s nalnEgd \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai uenrrT, raeliC ohrsRbkuo, revOil hsiCr dan mEiyl aActk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following are some of the notable events that took place in the 1980s \u2013 the Challenger space shuttle disaster, the release of the personal computer, the rise of cable news, the fall of the Berlin Wall, the AIDS epidemic, the Iran-Contra affair, the space shuttle Challenger disaster, and the breakup of the Soviet Union.", "scrambled": "eTh nelwy oduaecnnn stca fo hte oimcnupg gihte-tpra erises \u2013 ets ni eth tcu-arttho rldwo fo deitnnneped etovieinsl ni 1980s nalnEgd \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai uenrrT, raeliC ohrsRbkuo, revOil hsiCr dan mEiyl aActk.", "original": "The newly announced cast of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 also includes Aidan Turner, Claire Rushbrook, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.", "recovered": "The following are some of the notable events that took place in the 1980s \u2013 the Challenger space shuttle disaster, the release of the personal computer, the rise of cable news, the fall of the Berlin Wall, the AIDS epidemic, the Iran-Contra affair, the space shuttle Challenger disaster, and the breakup of the Soviet Union."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT loi nad sga paomnyc sha eben cdueasc fo a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d refta agmnik alnueivetq ot \u00a3986 rpe coedsn ni teh iftsr uraetrq fo 2023, sa hlouhodess getlsgur ihwt a otsc-fo-nligvi sciris agerlly videnr yb faletind eeyngr llsbi. PB ihst ewke unaeonndc rtsfpoi fo \u00a34nb orf eth esma doprie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The loan scheme will provide a \u201czero-interest\u201d overdraft of up to \u00a3986 for current accounts from 2023, allowing customers to overdraw without paying interest. PB will also introduce unlimited overdrafts for \u00a34nb or less from the start of the scheme.", "scrambled": "heT loi nad sga paomnyc sha eben cdueasc fo a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d refta agmnik alnueivetq ot \u00a3986 rpe coedsn ni teh iftsr uraetrq fo 2023, sa hlouhodess getlsgur ihwt a otsc-fo-nligvi sciris agerlly videnr yb faletind eeyngr llsbi. PB ihst ewke unaeonndc rtsfpoi fo \u00a34nb orf eth esma doprie.", "original": "The oil and gas company has been accused of a \u201cprofiteering bonanza\u201d after making equivalent to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as households struggle with a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period.", "recovered": "The loan scheme will provide a \u201czero-interest\u201d overdraft of up to \u00a3986 for current accounts from 2023, allowing customers to overdraw without paying interest. PB will also introduce unlimited overdrafts for \u00a34nb or less from the start of the scheme."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT rrtoaope fo eth sub outre, hchwi iartemetns ta eht lshPio eeissda troser fo eHl, si knmagi eth maen hceagn nfowgolli repusers mfro lisgireou guspor. orF rome ddo nda etnxdcupee ensw, insg pu ot het lalT eTals nlestwreet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The secret to a good potato salad, like many other dishes, is to use good ingredients. Make sure the potatoes are freshly cooked, and the vegetables are crisp and fresh. Then add a good mayonnaise, but not too much, and some pickles, capers, and gherkins. Season with pepper and a little salt, and add some chopped hard-boiled eggs, and you\u2019ll have a delicious potato salad.", "scrambled": "ehT rrtoaope fo eth sub outre, hchwi iartemetns ta eht lshPio eeissda troser fo eHl, si knmagi eth maen hceagn nfowgolli repusers mfro lisgireou guspor. orF rome ddo nda etnxdcupee ensw, insg pu ot het lalT eTals nlestwreet.", "original": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Polish seaside resort of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The secret to a good potato salad, like many other dishes, is to use good ingredients. Make sure the potatoes are freshly cooked, and the vegetables are crisp and fresh. Then add a good mayonnaise, but not too much, and some pickles, capers, and gherkins. Season with pepper and a little salt, and add some chopped hard-boiled eggs, and you\u2019ll have a delicious potato salad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT wlos ehva neeb andme lxA, rtefa mraonfnt lAx seoR, adn Shlas, ni orhnuo fo eth andb\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben ounfd ndeur eht eagst urnidg hte dbna\u2019s hleanied est ta teh iseatlvf. oFr reom ddo nda uepndcxtee wsen, ngis pu ot het lTla alTse enttrelsew.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The wolf, the bear, and the lion, all strong and ferocious animals, live together in harmony in the forest. One day, the wolf and the bear decide to play a trick on the lion, who is their friend. They tell him that they have seen small, weak animals, called mice, entering his den. The lion, who is very proud, becomes angry and decides to teach the mice a lesson. He enters his den, but can\u2019t find any mice. He is very angry, and decides to punish the wolf and the bear for telling him a lie. The wolf and the bear run away in fear. The lion chases them, but can\u2019t catch them. The wolf and the bear are very happy to escape, and laugh at the lion.", "scrambled": "ehT wlos ehva neeb andme lxA, rtefa mraonfnt lAx seoR, adn Shlas, ni orhnuo fo eth andb\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben ounfd ndeur eht eagst urnidg hte dbna\u2019s hleanied est ta teh iseatlvf. oFr reom ddo nda uepndcxtee wsen, ngis pu ot het lTla alTse enttrelsew.", "original": "The owls have been named Axl, after frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s guitarist, after being found under the stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The wolf, the bear, and the lion, all strong and ferocious animals, live together in harmony in the forest. One day, the wolf and the bear decide to play a trick on the lion, who is their friend. They tell him that they have seen small, weak animals, called mice, entering his den. The lion, who is very proud, becomes angry and decides to teach the mice a lesson. He enters his den, but can\u2019t find any mice. He is very angry, and decides to punish the wolf and the bear for telling him a lie. The wolf and the bear run away in fear. The lion chases them, but can\u2019t catch them. The wolf and the bear are very happy to escape, and laugh at the lion."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh yatpr\u2019s rurtcne anslgo, \u201cBildu a ettber rinitaB\u201d, wsa etncuddiro ni rhcaM. Rnecte vYGuoo ingollp fdnou atht mlosat fhla fo nsortBi iknht mrrteSa ahs fdiael ot tse tuo a elacr isionv rfo hte ptayr ni ish heter syaer sa eedral.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This puzzle\u2019s answer, \u201cBuild a better button\u201d, was discovered by a computer. Connect four or more of the same color balls to make them disappear. The more balls you connect at once, the higher your score!", "scrambled": "eTh yatpr\u2019s rurtcne anslgo, \u201cBildu a ettber rinitaB\u201d, wsa etncuddiro ni rhcaM. Rnecte vYGuoo ingollp fdnou atht mlosat fhla fo nsortBi iknht mrrteSa ahs fdiael ot tse tuo a elacr isionv rfo hte ptayr ni ish heter syaer sa eedral.", "original": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was introduced in March. Recent YouGov polling found that almost half of Britons think Starmer has failed to set out a clear vision for the party in his three years as leader.", "recovered": "This puzzle\u2019s answer, \u201cBuild a better button\u201d, was discovered by a computer. Connect four or more of the same color balls to make them disappear. The more balls you connect at once, the higher your score!"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh rimep smtniier si nrdue stavteogniiin yb nriamaltPe\u2019s leszae wtdaohgc evro nlaeitlgoas fo a bsseoipl flruiea ot caeledr asrshe edhl yb shi weif ni a eiradlcch ayegcn ootbesd yb eht ecrnte degtBu. Skanu ahs osal ecdfa ycsirunt vero euisss uincinldg sih efwi\u2019s non-mdo axt atusst, ish SU rgnee rcda dan shi ogd-iwklnag hiatbs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The prime minister should immediately state clearly the government\u2019s position on the issue of revising the Constitution. It is necessary to hold a referendum on the issue as soon as possible, and the government should not delay the process.", "scrambled": "eTh rimep smtniier si nrdue stavteogniiin yb nriamaltPe\u2019s leszae wtdaohgc evro nlaeitlgoas fo a bsseoipl flruiea ot caeledr asrshe edhl yb shi weif ni a eiradlcch ayegcn ootbesd yb eht ecrnte degtBu. Skanu ahs osal ecdfa ycsirunt vero euisss uincinldg sih efwi\u2019s non-mdo axt atusst, ish SU rgnee rcda dan shi ogd-iwklnag hiatbs.", "original": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze watchdog over allegations of a possible failure to declare shares held by his wife in a childcare agency boosted by the recent Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny over issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and his dog-walking habits.", "recovered": "The prime minister should immediately state clearly the government\u2019s position on the issue of revising the Constitution. It is necessary to hold a referendum on the issue as soon as possible, and the government should not delay the process."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe crhresea uodfn ttha nme snpet \u00a3920 no geavrae ofr binlaerceots ni eth KU, wlhei nwome plcyilaty ipda \u00a3652. orF a tasg ro nhe od bdarao, enm penst na egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo krfedo uto \u00a31,158.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The current odds suggest that a player picking a random number between 1 and 10,000 will win the jackpot on average once every 3,200,000 plays. However, playing the same number repeatedly over multiple plays increases the odds of winning to 1 in 1,158.", "scrambled": "hTe crhresea uodfn ttha nme snpet \u00a3920 no geavrae ofr binlaerceots ni eth KU, wlhei nwome plcyilaty ipda \u00a3652. orF a tasg ro nhe od bdarao, enm penst na egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo krfedo uto \u00a31,158.", "original": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for celebrations in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women forked out \u00a31,158.", "recovered": "The current odds suggest that a player picking a random number between 1 and 10,000 will win the jackpot on average once every 3,200,000 plays. However, playing the same number repeatedly over multiple plays increases the odds of winning to 1 in 1,158."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe evrdsei tyartseg ucdesnli osdzne fo eumessar nginarg mofr iicrensgna KU nwdi, lsaro dan lcenaru reeyng ot istvening ni anorbc pcauetr dan oreagst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The entire team worked together to design and build a new kind of KU robot, using a variety of materials and tools.", "scrambled": "hTe evrdsei tyartseg ucdesnli osdzne fo eumessar nginarg mofr iicrensgna KU nwdi, lsaro dan lcenaru reeyng ot istvening ni anorbc pcauetr dan oreagst.", "original": "The revised strategy includes dozens of measures ranging from increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to investing in carbon capture and storage.", "recovered": "The entire team worked together to design and build a new kind of KU robot, using a variety of materials and tools."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT rcko tars\u2019s nrtceoc ni reraaFr, ihtw a cowrd fo 50,000 ansf, ewdr tsciimrci mrfo a loalc onclloicru woh edeedm ti eieisinvstn ot eht \u201capin, neripdeotas, nad iicfftuedsil\u201d efadc yb lfdoo evesucea aren het wtors fo eth riseadst, ymeler 30 selmi aayw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rock band U2 has sold more than 150 million albums, making them one of the best-selling music artists of all time. They have won 22 Grammy Awards, more than any other band, and were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2005, their first year of eligibility. U2 has also received numerous other awards and accolades, including the Polar Music Prize, the Prince of Asturias Award for Arts, the Free At Last Award, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The band has also received five nominations for the Academy Award for Best Original Song.", "scrambled": "heT rcko tars\u2019s nrtceoc ni reraaFr, ihtw a cowrd fo 50,000 ansf, ewdr tsciimrci mrfo a loalc onclloicru woh edeedm ti eieisinvstn ot eht \u201capin, neripdeotas, nad iicfftuedsil\u201d efadc yb lfdoo evesucea aren het wtors fo eth riseadst, ymeler 30 selmi aayw.", "original": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "recovered": "The rock band U2 has sold more than 150 million albums, making them one of the best-selling music artists of all time. They have won 22 Grammy Awards, more than any other band, and were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2005, their first year of eligibility. U2 has also received numerous other awards and accolades, including the Polar Music Prize, the Prince of Asturias Award for Arts, the Free At Last Award, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The band has also received five nominations for the Academy Award for Best Original Song."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lrues udowl qiureer ticclere ehecvlsi ot ccuaton rof pu ot tow-sdtihr fo enw scra ldos ni eth SU yb 2032 ni ahtw odlwu eb oen fo eht eiBnd nadoiinrtasitm\u2019s smto egvargeiss lecmtia-hneagc iplceios tye.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The London Rulebook Consultation on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) has today published a new guide to help companies put the TCFD recommendations into practice. The guide, which has been developed in collaboration with the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), provides practical examples of how companies can implement the TCFD recommendations in their annual reports. It also highlights the importance of high-quality, transparent and reliable climate-related financial information for investors, lenders and insurers, and the role that accountants and auditors can play in supporting the production of this information.", "scrambled": "Teh lrues udowl qiureer ticclere ehecvlsi ot ccuaton rof pu ot tow-sdtihr fo enw scra ldos ni eth SU yb 2032 ni ahtw odlwu eb oen fo eht eiBnd nadoiinrtasitm\u2019s smto egvargeiss lecmtia-hneagc iplceios tye.", "original": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies yet.", "recovered": "The London Rulebook Consultation on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) has today published a new guide to help companies put the TCFD recommendations into practice. The guide, which has been developed in collaboration with the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), provides practical examples of how companies can implement the TCFD recommendations in their annual reports. It also highlights the importance of high-quality, transparent and reliable climate-related financial information for investors, lenders and insurers, and the role that accountants and auditors can play in supporting the production of this information."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ixs-prta ohsw, otsedh yb nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur tlsdua mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni onftr fo negeertsa, kpsanirg crmsciiit rmfo sveiwer dan rCviteaenvos PsM.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The expert opinion, based on the available evidence, is that the object, which is of a type that has been identified in other sightings, is most likely a spacecraft.", "scrambled": "Teh ixs-prta ohsw, otsedh yb nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur tlsdua mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni onftr fo negeertsa, kpsanirg crmsciiit rmfo sveiwer dan rCviteaenvos PsM.", "original": "The six-part show, hosted by Anna Richardson, features adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from viewers and Conservative MPs.", "recovered": "The expert opinion, based on the available evidence, is that the object, which is of a type that has been identified in other sightings, is most likely a spacecraft."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT os-lalecd \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer dentecasdsn fo uorf hugtorb ot lmbaoCoi yb elta oldrurdg Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht eyth eops a suireos rtahet ot amunhs dan ohter efwliidl ahve ifednsnitei ftare a wen cunsse dunfo atth het nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou sah adexnepd ot pu ot 215.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The coalition government has announced plans to introduce a minimum price of \u00a3215 for a bottle of alcohol.", "scrambled": "heT os-lalecd \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer dentecasdsn fo uorf hugtorb ot lmbaoCoi yb elta oldrurdg Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht eyth eops a suireos rtahet ot amunhs dan ohter efwliidl ahve ifednsnitei ftare a wen cunsse dunfo atth het nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou sah adexnepd ot pu ot 215.", "original": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by late druglord Pablo Escobar. Warnings that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have intensified after a new census found that the invasive hippo population has expanded to up to 215.", "recovered": "The coalition government has announced plans to introduce a minimum price of \u00a3215 for a bottle of alcohol."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ttars fo eth irsneg\u2019s drowl turo ni comoSthkl tsla homnt deeirgtrg a kisep ni dnadem ta thsole nad ansrsetuart atth sha won bnee ildekn ot ighehr-hant-tdxeeecp iilnafont fo 9.7% ni Mya. orF emro ddo nda cdupnetexe wnse, isng pu ot eth lalT aeslT eweletrstn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The stars of the hit reality show Dancing with the Stars come together in this musical tribute featuring all your favorite dances. Don\u2019t miss this once-in-a-lifetime event as they take you on a journey through the years. Get your tickets today before they\u2019re all gone!", "scrambled": "heT ttars fo eth irsneg\u2019s drowl turo ni comoSthkl tsla homnt deeirgtrg a kisep ni dnadem ta thsole nad ansrsetuart atth sha won bnee ildekn ot ighehr-hant-tdxeeecp iilnafont fo 9.7% ni Mya. orF emro ddo nda cdupnetexe wnse, isng pu ot eth lalT aeslT eweletrstn.", "original": "The start of the singer\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month triggered a spike in demand at hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-expected inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The stars of the hit reality show Dancing with the Stars come together in this musical tribute featuring all your favorite dances. Don\u2019t miss this once-in-a-lifetime event as they take you on a journey through the years. Get your tickets today before they\u2019re all gone!"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT mrssot ewer rdretpoe rsocsa Olakohma, aassKn adn owIa, hwit het msot amgeda rroeptde ni oOmkhala, cnrocgiad ot saofiflci. tA elats oufr dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass teh attes nda noeckdk otu oerpw rof tuabo 20,000 moesh nad isbusesnes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Oklahoma City, the largest city in the state of Oklahoma, is the capital and largest city. It is the county seat of Oklahoma County, and a small part of the city extends into Canadian County. It grew rapidly during the oil boom in the Western United States, and the establishment of Tinker Air Force Base, as well as during the 1950s and 1960s with the development of the Interstate Highway System. Oklahoma City has one of the busiest airports in the world, with over 38 million passengers passing through its gates each year. It is a number one destination for domestic travelers and has a large cultural offering, with more than 100 museums and dozens of galleries, theaters, sports complexes and parks.", "scrambled": "ehT mrssot ewer rdretpoe rsocsa Olakohma, aassKn adn owIa, hwit het msot amgeda rroeptde ni oOmkhala, cnrocgiad ot saofiflci. tA elats oufr dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass teh attes nda noeckdk otu oerpw rof tuabo 20,000 moesh nad isbusesnes.", "original": "The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. At least four confirmed tornadoes moved across the state and knocked out power for about 20,000 homes and businesses.", "recovered": "Oklahoma City, the largest city in the state of Oklahoma, is the capital and largest city. It is the county seat of Oklahoma County, and a small part of the city extends into Canadian County. It grew rapidly during the oil boom in the Western United States, and the establishment of Tinker Air Force Base, as well as during the 1950s and 1960s with the development of the Interstate Highway System. Oklahoma City has one of the busiest airports in the world, with over 38 million passengers passing through its gates each year. It is a number one destination for domestic travelers and has a large cultural offering, with more than 100 museums and dozens of galleries, theaters, sports complexes and parks."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh miupsntg yb uilarAtas\u2019s Axel reyCa trgediegr ouprar monag nfsa, woh dgeura thta whlie lwelaod nurde kreictc eruls, het ovem asw tno ni eth \u201cpstiri fo het gmae\u201d. iCcrsti lndncuigi fGefroye yBtootc vhae eacldl no rtsaAluai ot lsooeagip, lihwe teh ilrva emta cnmlidpaoe fo \u201cisegvegsar nda ubsivea\u201d eabrohuiv yb enoarbelyM rkcteiC ulbC (CCM) rmseemb gfnloilwo Bosraiwt\u2019s smsiasild ni nSauyd\u2019s cdneos shAse seTt ta Lodr\u2019s.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The murder of Axel Reedenborg, a member of the Swedish aristocratic family of Gyllenborg, and his housekeeper, was the subject of a widely publicized criminal trial in Sweden in the 19th century. The case also inspired the famous novel, The Girl with the Golden Hair, by the Swedish novelist, Fredrika Bremer. The murder took place at the Gyllenborg estate, located in the province of Scania in southern Sweden. The estate is now owned by the Swedish state and is open to the public as a museum, known as the Fredriksgymnasium och Realskola.", "scrambled": "eTh miupsntg yb uilarAtas\u2019s Axel reyCa trgediegr ouprar monag nfsa, woh dgeura thta whlie lwelaod nurde kreictc eruls, het ovem asw tno ni eth \u201cpstiri fo het gmae\u201d. iCcrsti lndncuigi fGefroye yBtootc vhae eacldl no rtsaAluai ot lsooeagip, lihwe teh ilrva emta cnmlidpaoe fo \u201cisegvegsar nda ubsivea\u201d eabrohuiv yb enoarbelyM rkcteiC ulbC (CCM) rmseemb gfnloilwo Bosraiwt\u2019s smsiasild ni nSauyd\u2019s cdneos shAse seTt ta Lodr\u2019s.", "original": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Alex Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Critics including Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to apologise, while the rival team complained of \u201caggressive and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members following Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s second Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.", "recovered": "The murder of Axel Reedenborg, a member of the Swedish aristocratic family of Gyllenborg, and his housekeeper, was the subject of a widely publicized criminal trial in Sweden in the 19th century. The case also inspired the famous novel, The Girl with the Golden Hair, by the Swedish novelist, Fredrika Bremer. The murder took place at the Gyllenborg estate, located in the province of Scania in southern Sweden. The estate is now owned by the Swedish state and is open to the public as a museum, known as the Fredriksgymnasium och Realskola."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ntinguns posealcl fo wto ceanArmi nsakb \u2013 nSiloci yelVal knBa nda ntaigureS nBka \u2013 edl ot ldiw aermtk inwsgs arfte nraaigml Wlla Stetre sroeistvn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The nuclear power plant of Chernobyl is located in Ukraine \u2013 in the city of Prypiat \u2013 and was designed by the Soviet Union. It was the largest nuclear power plant in the world at the time of its construction.", "scrambled": "Teh ntinguns posealcl fo wto ceanArmi nsakb \u2013 nSiloci yelVal knBa nda ntaigureS nBka \u2013 edl ot ldiw aermtk inwsgs arfte nraaigml Wlla Stetre sroeistvn.", "original": "The stunning collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank \u2013 led to wild market swings after alarming Wall Street investors.", "recovered": "The nuclear power plant of Chernobyl is located in Ukraine \u2013 in the city of Prypiat \u2013 and was designed by the Soviet Union. It was the largest nuclear power plant in the world at the time of its construction."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe ysvreu fo 22,000 auldst ni 29 uetrscoin ofdun ttah riBts dha teh hridt tmso oitpesvi tdaeuitt ot eerseugf, trafe anipS nda ewN aaZndel. heT lbgalo vegraea fo dusalt owh elvbeie feugrsee ekam a \u201cotipsiev trcniouobnit\u201d asw 45%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The survey found that 22,000 adults over the age of 16 used tanning beds at least once a year, which accounts for 45% of the total.", "scrambled": "hTe ysvreu fo 22,000 auldst ni 29 uetrscoin ofdun ttah riBts dha teh hridt tmso oitpesvi tdaeuitt ot eerseugf, trafe anipS nda ewN aaZndel. heT lbgalo vegraea fo dusalt owh elvbeie feugrsee ekam a \u201cotipsiev trcniouobnit\u201d asw 45%.", "original": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Spain and New Zealand. The global average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%.", "recovered": "The survey found that 22,000 adults over the age of 16 used tanning beds at least once a year, which accounts for 45% of the total."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ehtc redeasl ldeacl ofr a spaue ni het \u201cuto fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads IA bsal ear iuhgnrs ot eedvopl nda dpeoly \u201creve omre prouwfel iatgild insdm ttha on oen \u2013 tno vene ithre arrseotc \u2013 acn reanudnsdt, pcrtedi, ro ebrliyla rotlocn.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Here is a real-life example of the \u201cauto-encoder\u201d concept in action. The idea is to develop a model that can \u201creconstruct\u201d the input data \u2013 in this case, the image \u2013 as accurately as possible. The model is first trained on a large number of images, and then it is given a new image as input. The model tries to \u201creconstruct\u201d the input image by generating an output that is similar to the input. In this case, the model is able to reconstruct the input image quite accurately, which shows that it has learned some useful features from the training data.", "scrambled": "heT ehtc redeasl ldeacl ofr a spaue ni het \u201cuto fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads IA bsal ear iuhgnrs ot eedvopl nda dpeoly \u201creve omre prouwfel iatgild insdm ttha on oen \u2013 tno vene ithre arrseotc \u2013 acn reanudnsdt, pcrtedi, ro ebrliyla rotlocn.\u201d.", "original": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence race. The letter said AI labs are rushing to develop and deploy \u201cever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.", "recovered": "Here is a real-life example of the \u201cauto-encoder\u201d concept in action. The idea is to develop a model that can \u201creconstruct\u201d the input data \u2013 in this case, the image \u2013 as accurately as possible. The model is first trained on a large number of images, and then it is given a new image as input. The model tries to \u201creconstruct\u201d the input image by generating an output that is similar to the input. In this case, the model is able to reconstruct the input image quite accurately, which shows that it has learned some useful features from the training data."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe rtila vero a 2016 niksgi dainectc gnovnvili wyGhten tPloawr neabg hits ekwe. A 76-eayr-odl mna elgaesl tlrwoPa \u201ceskdi tou fo loonctr\u201d nda arn oitn ihm, iguncsa isresuo rieinsju. eTh rascets, no eth ehort nhda, difel a uretcsutnoi iggenlla eht nma arn tion rhe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The world\u2019s oldest man, who is 116 years old, said that the secret to his long life is eating a lot of tomatoes.", "scrambled": "hTe rtila vero a 2016 niksgi dainectc gnovnvili wyGhten tPloawr neabg hits ekwe. A 76-eayr-odl mna elgaesl tlrwoPa \u201ceskdi tou fo loonctr\u201d nda arn oitn ihm, iguncsa isresuo rieinsju. eTh rascets, no eth ehort nhda, difel a uretcsutnoi iggenlla eht nma arn tion rhe.", "original": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving Gwyneth Paltrow began this week. A 76-year-old man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The actress, on the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.", "recovered": "The world\u2019s oldest man, who is 116 years old, said that the secret to his long life is eating a lot of tomatoes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh udecwern eodenrav, nkwno sa hte Pehscy isomnsi, wlil ensd hte irstf SNAA tprcaeacsf idgensed ot ysudt a emcillta idrtaseo. tI si ets ot hanclu ni Otrcobe, AASN siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Underwater Demolition Team, known as the Navy SEALs, will end the first season of SNAA with a dramatic capture of a major terrorist leader. It is one of the show\u2019s season-ending cliffhangers, and OTRCOBES said it will be resolved in season two.", "scrambled": "Teh udecwern eodenrav, nkwno sa hte Pehscy isomnsi, wlil ensd hte irstf SNAA tprcaeacsf idgensed ot ysudt a emcillta idrtaseo. tI si ets ot hanclu ni Otrcobe, AASN siad.", "original": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will send the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said.", "recovered": "The Underwater Demolition Team, known as the Navy SEALs, will end the first season of SNAA with a dramatic capture of a major terrorist leader. It is one of the show\u2019s season-ending cliffhangers, and OTRCOBES said it will be resolved in season two."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ddnfeiunetii sidbre si btoua het siez fo a lslam cra dan asw onudf dwhsea pu no a tmeore habce omes 150 seiml tnorh fo thrPe. ibrDes sha eneb acrincgu ni aescp uarodn rou enatlp csnei teh rstfi kertco enhslauc ni eht etal 1950s, hwti na aietesmdt 36,500 bscteoj reatrge hnta 10mc ni enra-rhaEt botir, icdogcarn ot teh eupErnoa pSace nAgyec (EAS).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The density of the population in the region was only 10mc/km2 in the early-1950s, but it increased to 36,500 bscteoj/km2 in 2010. During the same period, the area of the EAS increased from the European space (EAS) to 1.7 million km2.", "scrambled": "eTh ddnfeiunetii sidbre si btoua het siez fo a lslam cra dan asw onudf dwhsea pu no a tmeore habce omes 150 seiml tnorh fo thrPe. ibrDes sha eneb acrincgu ni aescp uarodn rou enatlp csnei teh rstfi kertco enhslauc ni eht etal 1950s, hwti na aietesmdt 36,500 bscteoj reatrge hnta 10mc ni enra-rhaEt botir, icdogcarn ot teh eupErnoa pSace nAgyec (EAS).", "original": "The unidentified debris is about the size of a small car and was found washed up on a remote beach some 150 miles north of Perth. Debris has been accruing in space around our planet since the first rocket launches in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "recovered": "The density of the population in the region was only 10mc/km2 in the early-1950s, but it increased to 36,500 bscteoj/km2 in 2010. During the same period, the area of the EAS increased from the European space (EAS) to 1.7 million km2."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT idvoe kcttaa da aws teacder sugin iifialtrac leigltncniee dan tpdisce \u201ca nodesc nedBi ermt legadpu yb sissedart\u201d, dsia uratzQ.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It is a great pleasure to be here today to dedicate this building and to celebrate the opening of the new National Museum of African American History and Culture.", "scrambled": "heT idvoe kcttaa da aws teacder sugin iifialtrac leigltncniee dan tpdisce \u201ca nodesc nedBi ermt legadpu yb sissedart\u201d, dsia uratzQ.", "original": "The video attack ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by disasters\u201d, said Quartz.", "recovered": "It is a great pleasure to be here today to dedicate this building and to celebrate the opening of the new National Museum of African American History and Culture."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe ldwro\u2019s psipathe nytcuor si iandFnl, ainccdogr ot teh uannal Wrlod pessnapHi rpRoet, cwihh nkasr unscoiert aebsd ylarlge no ifel eluvnatoias morf het luGlpa rdlWo lloP. eTh SU, encFra, dan dnIelra idd nto accrk hte opt 10.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The world\u2019s largest predator, the sperm whale, can reach a length of 18 m (59 ft) and a mass of over 50 metric tons. Sperm whales are found in all the world\u2019s oceans, from the Arctic to the Antarctic. They are able to dive to depths of at least 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and stay submerged for at least 60 minutes. The sperm whale is the largest toothed predator in the world and the largest of the toothed whales. It is also the largest of the cetaceans, and the largest animal that has ever lived.", "scrambled": "hTe ldwro\u2019s psipathe nytcuor si iandFnl, ainccdogr ot teh uannal Wrlod pessnapHi rpRoet, cwihh nkasr unscoiert aebsd ylarlge no ifel eluvnatoias morf het luGlpa rdlWo lloP. eTh SU, encFra, dan dnIelra idd nto accrk hte opt 10.", "original": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on life evaluations from the Gallup World Poll. The US, France, and Ireland did not crack the top 10.", "recovered": "The world\u2019s largest predator, the sperm whale, can reach a length of 18 m (59 ft) and a mass of over 50 metric tons. Sperm whales are found in all the world\u2019s oceans, from the Arctic to the Antarctic. They are able to dive to depths of at least 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and stay submerged for at least 60 minutes. The sperm whale is the largest toothed predator in the world and the largest of the toothed whales. It is also the largest of the cetaceans, and the largest animal that has ever lived."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh utyho-edotenri esnw iooasganinrt, ncoe daiehl sa eon fo hte stom igtxneci midea sattr-psu ni het usrndtyi, ahs nteyelrc ldeif rfo atunbkcypr ni eht SU. shTi nrut fo estenv rmska a gniiifctsan lownlfad, ercsnndioig hatt ti saw ceon edvlau ta ryalen $6 nloibli. idFn tuo emor no eth ateslt eoeipsd fo \u201ceTh kWee dprawUpne\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The utility token model has become popular, with many companies issuing tokens in exchange for services or other assets, and some tokens gaining value as a speculative investment. However, the regulatory landscape is unclear, and tokens may be considered securities, subjecting them to securities laws in some cases. The SEC has warned that tokens that qualify as securities must comply with federal securities laws, and some token offerings have been subject to enforcement actions by the SEC or other regulatory agencies. If you are considering investing in an \u201cinitial coin offering\u201d, you should carefully review the offering materials and consider the risks involved, including the risk that the SEC or other regulators may determine that the offering is illegal.", "scrambled": "eTh utyho-edotenri esnw iooasganinrt, ncoe daiehl sa eon fo hte stom igtxneci midea sattr-psu ni het usrndtyi, ahs nteyelrc ldeif rfo atunbkcypr ni eht SU. shTi nrut fo estenv rmska a gniiifctsan lownlfad, ercsnndioig hatt ti saw ceon edvlau ta ryalen $6 nloibli. idFn tuo emor no eth ateslt eoeipsd fo \u201ceTh kWee dprawUpne\u201d.", "original": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downfall, considering that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "recovered": "The utility token model has become popular, with many companies issuing tokens in exchange for services or other assets, and some tokens gaining value as a speculative investment. However, the regulatory landscape is unclear, and tokens may be considered securities, subjecting them to securities laws in some cases. The SEC has warned that tokens that qualify as securities must comply with federal securities laws, and some token offerings have been subject to enforcement actions by the SEC or other regulatory agencies. If you are considering investing in an \u201cinitial coin offering\u201d, you should carefully review the offering materials and consider the risks involved, including the risk that the SEC or other regulators may determine that the offering is illegal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh \u201cebariB\u201d imveo, ofrm rcodirte aGter giwGer, rdoecs eth atlersg nnopgie eednwek fo 2023, inllgup ni $155 iolmnli tiallcyseodm vore sit pniengo wkendee dna $337 iinlolm lgyboall.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The \u201cbarbell\u201d investment, which combines a short-term government bond and a long-term government bond, outperformed all other 2023 funds, returning 15.5% over the past year, and 33.7% over the past five years.", "scrambled": "Teh \u201cebariB\u201d imveo, ofrm rcodirte aGter giwGer, rdoecs eth atlersg nnopgie eednwek fo 2023, inllgup ni $155 iolmnli tiallcyseodm vore sit pniengo wkendee dna $337 iinlolm lgyboall.", "original": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "recovered": "The \u201cbarbell\u201d investment, which combines a short-term government bond and a long-term government bond, outperformed all other 2023 funds, returning 15.5% over the past year, and 33.7% over the past five years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe \u201cdlwro\u2019s slretga rbuna tcostnncuroi cjoetrp ni wood\u201d llwi eb tlubi ni loStkomhc, ncedaonnu eeSwdn, cwhhi oculd aepv hte ayw rfo ramlsii rtucsurtse ni het rtufue. uhAoghlt het lanp dcluo eb orme ueailnbatss tnah nirtdloaati onuntrsicotc, trhee era nrceonsc uatbo lpntaotei efir aharsdz. dnFi tuo orem hwit heT eekW pdweUranp tsodpca.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The \u201cold man\u2019s secret garden\u201d was full of wonders, which was why it was also known as the \u201cwood of miracles\u201d. Anyone who entered it would receive a blessing, and many miracles had taken place there. The reason it was so special was that a unicorn lived there, and its horn was the source of all blessings. If you wanted to enter the garden, you had to solve a riddle, and if you answered it correctly, the unicorn would lower its horn so you could touch it. Touching the horn would grant you a single wish, but you could only use this power once.", "scrambled": "hTe \u201cdlwro\u2019s slretga rbuna tcostnncuroi cjoetrp ni wood\u201d llwi eb tlubi ni loStkomhc, ncedaonnu eeSwdn, cwhhi oculd aepv hte ayw rfo ramlsii rtucsurtse ni het rtufue. uhAoghlt het lanp dcluo eb orme ueailnbatss tnah nirtdloaati onuntrsicotc, trhee era nrceonsc uatbo lpntaotei efir aharsdz. dnFi tuo orem hwit heT eekW pdweUranp tsodpca.", "original": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest urban construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional construction, there are concerns about potential fire hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The \u201cold man\u2019s secret garden\u201d was full of wonders, which was why it was also known as the \u201cwood of miracles\u201d. Anyone who entered it would receive a blessing, and many miracles had taken place there. The reason it was so special was that a unicorn lived there, and its horn was the source of all blessings. If you wanted to enter the garden, you had to solve a riddle, and if you answered it correctly, the unicorn would lower its horn so you could touch it. Touching the horn would grant you a single wish, but you could only use this power once."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Trehe were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri no teh trfsi SU agfl ot nrepseetr het 13 iionlrga ssetat, sa dealcdre ni hte lagF oRtiloeusn fo nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a ayd onw nnkwo sa aglF ayD.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " There were thirteen rats and thirteen septri on the trfsi SU agfl ot nrepseetr hete thirteen iionlrga ssetat, so dealcdre ni hte lagF oRtiloeusn for JEU 14, 1777 \u2013 a ayd onw nnkwo sa aglF ayD.", "scrambled": "Trehe were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri no teh trfsi SU agfl ot nrepseetr het 13 iionlrga ssetat, sa dealcdre ni hte lagF oRtiloeusn fo nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a ayd onw nnkwo sa aglF ayD.", "original": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "recovered": "There were thirteen rats and thirteen septri on the trfsi SU agfl ot nrepseetr hete thirteen iionlrga ssetat, so dealcdre ni hte lagF oRtiloeusn for JEU 14, 1777 \u2013 a ayd onw nnkwo sa aglF ayD."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: isTh eekw, tSenae ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer asdi eth FAD lohdus vingeetsati eth ighh inaffeec nentcot ni Pemri enyrgE dinksr nad eth amnyocp\u2019s gimetanrk rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi eimda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The secret to success is to be ready to change your mind.", "scrambled": "isTh eekw, tSenae ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer asdi eth FAD lohdus vingeetsati eth ighh inaffeec nentcot ni Pemri enyrgE dinksr nad eth amnyocp\u2019s gimetanrk rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi eimda.", "original": "This week, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing efforts toward children on social media.", "recovered": "The secret to success is to be ready to change your mind."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: masTho fersJfneo nda nJoh sdAam iedd ihiwnt rsuoh fo ahce oethr no luJy 4, 1826. sffonJere swa 83 nda dasAm aws 90.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first successful ascent of Mont Blanc, the highest mountain in Western Europe, was made on August 4, 1826 by Michel-Gabriel Paccard and Jacques Balmat. The two men were guided by Pierre Balmat.", "scrambled": "masTho fersJfneo nda nJoh sdAam iedd ihiwnt rsuoh fo ahce oethr no luJy 4, 1826. sffonJere swa 83 nda dasAm aws 90.", "original": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "recovered": "The first successful ascent of Mont Blanc, the highest mountain in Western Europe, was made on August 4, 1826 by Michel-Gabriel Paccard and Jacques Balmat. The two men were guided by Pierre Balmat."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee tse pu onagl eth oinicc aneuev rbeofe siattnacirpp ootk prta ni a iessre fo eisnpgll ebse no nyduSa. roF emor dod dna ecntuxepde wnse, snig pu ot eht alTl sTael ntetrweels.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout.", "scrambled": "sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee tse pu onagl eth oinicc aneuev rbeofe siattnacirpp ootk prta ni a iessre fo eisnpgll ebse no nyduSa. roF emor dod dna ecntuxepde wnse, snig pu ot eht alTl sTael ntetrweels.", "original": "Thousands of desks were set up along the iconic avenue before participants took part in a series of spelling bees on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ohussTnda fo ogsd pdaitetacirp ni teh Wsrmeistnte gDo woSh. A tietp staebs frnfoig nenVd\u00e9e edanm yBudd Hllyo ebeacm hte sitfr fo shi bdere ot nwi eth eiisurpgost ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This is a test to see if you are a bot.", "scrambled": "ohussTnda fo ogsd pdaitetacirp ni teh Wsrmeistnte gDo woSh. A tietp staebs frnfoig nenVd\u00e9e edanm yBudd Hllyo ebeacm hte sitfr fo shi bdere ot nwi eth eiisurpgost ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep.", "original": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit basset griffon Vend\u00e9en named Buddy Holly became the first of his breed to win the prestigious contest\u2019s top prize.", "recovered": "This is a test to see if you are a bot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: reehT tJus oStp lOi soeesrtptr ntreprteudi a mraepnocrfe no srydhTua fo ncFrasi lPcenuo\u2019s \u201cDliguaeso sde lCm\u00e9tsaeir\u201d ta eth praeo vlitaefs, ni tEsa exSsus. eTh cpemreranfo adrtteers ftera a 20-utinme ylead lowiflgon het eomlavr fo het taiscsvti, how erew tno eredrats.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This short story is based on Plato\u2019s \u201cMyth of the Cave\u201d where people are chained facing a wall and can only see their own shadows and the shadows of others. Suddenly, one of them manages to get free and goes up to the entrance of the cave to see the real world. When he comes back, he has to explain what he saw, but the others don\u2019t believe him.", "scrambled": "reehT tJus oStp lOi soeesrtptr ntreprteudi a mraepnocrfe no srydhTua fo ncFrasi lPcenuo\u2019s \u201cDliguaeso sde lCm\u00e9tsaeir\u201d ta eth praeo vlitaefs, ni tEsa exSsus. eTh cpemreranfo adrtteers ftera a 20-utinme ylead lowiflgon het eomlavr fo het taiscsvti, how erew tno eredrats.", "original": "Three Just Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the opera festival, in East Sussex. The performance restarted after a 20-minute delay following the removal of the activists, who were not arrested.", "recovered": "This short story is based on Plato\u2019s \u201cMyth of the Cave\u201d where people are chained facing a wall and can only see their own shadows and the shadows of others. Suddenly, one of them manages to get free and goes up to the entrance of the cave to see the real world. When he comes back, he has to explain what he saw, but the others don\u2019t believe him."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehreT andDMloc\u2019s aefcrsneihs ni ntkKeuyc rae gnfcia yfeth fenis rfo altongivi hclid blroa awsl ertfa rdehcnli sa unogy sa 10 rsaey dol ewer nufod kognriw etal ta ghtin \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Here\u2019s a fun fact: the longest word in the English language with only two syllables is \u201cantidisestablishmentarianism\u201d which is a word that means \u201copposition to the disestablishment of the Church of England\u201d.", "scrambled": "ehreT andDMloc\u2019s aefcrsneihs ni ntkKeuyc rae gnfcia yfeth fenis rfo altongivi hclid blroa awsl ertfa rdehcnli sa unogy sa 10 rsaey dol ewer nufod kognriw etal ta ghtin \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m.", "original": "Three McDonald\u2019s franchisees in Kentucky are facing hefty fines for violating child labor laws after children as young as 10 years old were found working late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.", "recovered": "Here\u2019s a fun fact: the longest word in the English language with only two syllables is \u201cantidisestablishmentarianism\u201d which is a word that means \u201copposition to the disestablishment of the Church of England\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: kokTTi OEC ouSh wCeh dtsieetfi eoefrb esnoCrsg orf hte irfst etim. eH deceivre efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, lucndgnii lscal orf teh ppa ot eb edanbn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Look before you leap.", "scrambled": "kokTTi OEC ouSh wCeh dtsieetfi eoefrb esnoCrsg orf hte irfst etim. eH deceivre efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, lucndgnii lscal orf teh ppa ot eb edanbn.", "original": "TikTok CEO Shou Chew testified before Congress for the first time. He received fierce criticism from lawmakers, including calls for the app to be banned.", "recovered": "Look before you leap."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tdouet sa eth \u201ctmos ednadcav sopnlaer ccnetliero edeciv reev\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) edetahs elbsnd gtiadil tntocen twhi het ishcaply lrwdo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Tesla Model S is a full sized luxury all-electric five door liftback car. The Tesla Model S has received numerous accolades, awards and top ratings for its performance, efficiency, technology, quality and safety.", "scrambled": "Tdouet sa eth \u201ctmos ednadcav sopnlaer ccnetliero edeciv reev\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) edetahs elbsnd gtiadil tntocen twhi het ishcaply lrwdo.", "original": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world.", "recovered": "The Tesla Model S is a full sized luxury all-electric five door liftback car. The Tesla Model S has received numerous accolades, awards and top ratings for its performance, efficiency, technology, quality and safety."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTradr oeJ\u2019s nonuaedcn a lacelr fo otw tseyp fo eoickso, iagsntt yeth mya ainntco a rniegfo lmaitrea \u2014 orsck.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s not easy to separate the wheat from the chaff when it comes to advice, but maybe my little collection will help \u2014 or at least provide a smile.", "scrambled": "eTradr oeJ\u2019s nonuaedcn a lacelr fo otw tseyp fo eoickso, iagsntt yeth mya ainntco a rniegfo lmaitrea \u2014 orsck.", "original": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, stating they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.", "recovered": "It\u2019s not easy to separate the wheat from the chaff when it comes to advice, but maybe my little collection will help \u2014 or at least provide a smile."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pclTriao ceosna ehva oemceb enregre ni het psat wto sdaeced, tielnregcf ghsaecn ni hrite csosytemes atht heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao nertpse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Political campaigns use targeted advertising to influence voters. These ads often appear on social media or before or during videos on platforms like YouTube. Targeted advertising uses personal information to show people ads they are more likely to click on or be interested in. This helps campaigns reach voters who are likely to support their candidate and message.", "scrambled": "pclTriao ceosna ehva oemceb enregre ni het psat wto sdaeced, tielnregcf ghsaecn ni hrite csosytemes atht heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao nertpse.", "original": "Tropical oceans have become greener in the past two decades, reflecting changes in their ecosystems that have more phytoplankton present.", "recovered": "Political campaigns use targeted advertising to influence voters. These ads often appear on social media or before or during videos on platforms like YouTube. Targeted advertising uses personal information to show people ads they are more likely to click on or be interested in. This helps campaigns reach voters who are likely to support their candidate and message."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rmTpu aws ddanhe ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, dna ctoipalli laysanst ysa isth neo yma eb eth smto eqsnltenciauo. eH aws uyrvpeliso dndiiect rfo shi mletnvvoine ni a hsuh-emoyn hemsce obefer eh ebmeac tepedrnsi nda rfo het eeagldl sniidhmagnl fo lcidieafss iltamaer tarfe eh flet eofcfi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following is an example of a simple cipher, called a substitution cipher, that replaces each letter in the plaintext with a different letter.", "scrambled": "rmTpu aws ddanhe ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, dna ctoipalli laysanst ysa isth neo yma eb eth smto eqsnltenciauo. eH aws uyrvpeliso dndiiect rfo shi mletnvvoine ni a hsuh-emoyn hemsce obefer eh ebmeac tepedrnsi nda rfo het eeagldl sniidhmagnl fo lcidieafss iltamaer tarfe eh flet eofcfi.", "original": "Trump was handed down a third indictment this week, and political analysts say this one may be the most consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.", "recovered": "The following is an example of a simple cipher, called a substitution cipher, that replaces each letter in the plaintext with a different letter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rttewTi si wno X. ukMs dalrceep wttTrei\u2019s ylaoblgl oerdceigzn uleb rdbi lgoo, cihhw adh eneb ni seu orf emor anht a dcedea, sa tpar fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It is a well known fact that we live in a world full of risks and uncertainties. In order to be able to deal with them, we need to equip ourselves with a set of skills that will help us face any kind of danger or difficulty that may come our way. One of the most important skills is the ability to stay calm and composed in any kind of situation. This will help us think clearly and take the right decisions. Another important skill is the ability to communicate effectively. This will help us express our thoughts and ideas clearly, both orally and in writing. We also need to develop the ability to listen carefully and understand other people\u2019s points of view. This will help us build good relationships with others. In addition, we need to develop the ability to think creatively and come up with new ideas. This will help us solve problems and find new and better ways of doing things. Finally, we need to develop the ability to stay focused and motivated, and persevere", "scrambled": "rttewTi si wno X. ukMs dalrceep wttTrei\u2019s ylaoblgl oerdceigzn uleb rdbi lgoo, cihhw adh eneb ni seu orf emor anht a dcedea, sa tpar fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia.", "original": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized blue bird logo, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding.", "recovered": "It is a well known fact that we live in a world full of risks and uncertainties. In order to be able to deal with them, we need to equip ourselves with a set of skills that will help us face any kind of danger or difficulty that may come our way. One of the most important skills is the ability to stay calm and composed in any kind of situation. This will help us think clearly and take the right decisions. Another important skill is the ability to communicate effectively. This will help us express our thoughts and ideas clearly, both orally and in writing. We also need to develop the ability to listen carefully and understand other people\u2019s points of view. This will help us build good relationships with others. In addition, we need to develop the ability to think creatively and come up with new ideas. This will help us solve problems and find new and better ways of doing things. Finally, we need to develop the ability to stay focused and motivated, and persevere"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ittreTw\u2019s liaodritnta ridb oicn aws olrarymiept parcedel ihtw na geiam fo a biSah Iun ogd, na treanppa ndo ot congodie, teh jeok poyrncuecytcrr htta ECO lnEo Mksu si eginb duse ovre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s important to remember that artificial intelligence is only as good as the data it\u2019s trained on.", "scrambled": "ittreTw\u2019s liaodritnta ridb oicn aws olrarymiept parcedel ihtw na geiam fo a biSah Iun ogd, na treanppa ndo ot congodie, teh jeok poyrncuecytcrr htta ECO lnEo Mksu si eginb duse ovre.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traditional bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency that CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "recovered": "It\u2019s important to remember that artificial intelligence is only as good as the data it\u2019s trained on."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: wreTtit\u2019s crfftia adntke ogwolnilf hte ulhanc fo atMe\u2019s raivl ppa rhsTead, hcwhi edotpp eomr nath 100 liolinm suers itwihn vefi ayds terfa tis udebt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s craftiness and good luck that made the plan of stealing the money succeed, although the police had noticed 100 suspicious users within the system.", "scrambled": "wreTtit\u2019s crfftia adntke ogwolnilf hte ulhanc fo atMe\u2019s raivl ppa rhsTead, hcwhi edotpp eomr nath 100 liolinm suers itwihn vefi ayds terfa tis udebt.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traffic tanked following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app Threads, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after its debut.", "recovered": "It\u2019s craftiness and good luck that made the plan of stealing the money succeed, although the police had noticed 100 suspicious users within the system."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: yohTonp rskDoui dupedm na netrie tnhmo\u2019s htwor fo aflailrn no ijegBni ni nlyo 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr srvrsuoiv ppeadrt yb dodfloe tetessr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " You don\u2019t need to pay for a separate antivirus program, as Windows Defender is already included in Windows 10 for free.", "scrambled": "yohTonp rskDoui dupedm na netrie tnhmo\u2019s htwor fo aflailrn no ijegBni ni nlyo 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr srvrsuoiv ppeadrt yb dodfloe tetessr.", "original": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking rescue missions for survivors trapped by flooded streets.", "recovered": "You don\u2019t need to pay for a separate antivirus program, as Windows Defender is already included in Windows 10 for free."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: KU hsuoe sreicp ehav adh ethir ggetsbi ulanna alfl ni ryenla 14 aseyr, agicondrc ot iritBna\u2019s ltasrge aeotgrmg edlrne, enatioNwid. Teh 3.4% rpdo ni aMy si eth tbgseig escin lJyu 2009, wenh seouh icsepr pdoprde yb 6.2%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This report provides an overview of the global economic situation in 2009, with a focus on the situation in developing countries. It also describes the main economic challenges facing developing countries in the current context of the global economic crisis. The report notes that the global economy contracted by 0.1% in 2009, following a decline of 0.3% in 2008. The contraction in 2009 was mainly due to a sharp decline in economic activity in industrialized countries, which accounted for more than 90% of the global decline. Developing countries, which account for more than 60% of world GDP, grew by an estimated 3.4% in 2009, following a 6.2% growth rate in 2008.", "scrambled": "KU hsuoe sreicp ehav adh ethir ggetsbi ulanna alfl ni ryenla 14 aseyr, agicondrc ot iritBna\u2019s ltasrge aeotgrmg edlrne, enatioNwid. Teh 3.4% rpdo ni aMy si eth tbgseig escin lJyu 2009, wenh seouh icsepr pdoprde yb 6.2%.", "original": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "recovered": "This report provides an overview of the global economic situation in 2009, with a focus on the situation in developing countries. It also describes the main economic challenges facing developing countries in the current context of the global economic crisis. The report notes that the global economy contracted by 0.1% in 2009, following a decline of 0.3% in 2008. The contraction in 2009 was mainly due to a sharp decline in economic activity in industrialized countries, which accounted for more than 90% of the global decline. Developing countries, which account for more than 60% of world GDP, grew by an estimated 3.4% in 2009, following a 6.2% growth rate in 2008."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eaikrnU dacceus owcMos fo ogdnhil eusarlB \u201csa a nurecal hetgsao\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt ot oastnti ltatciac auerlnc nopwsae ni eth nnuibgiogher noiant, dan atoN dnenmdoec shi \u201coedurgnsa dan rebnlrsiepiso trhrecio\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Using a telescope, on a moonless night, look near the constellation Cassiopeia for the \u201cW\u201d shaped cluster of stars.", "scrambled": "eaikrnU dacceus owcMos fo ogdnhil eusarlB \u201csa a nurecal hetgsao\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt ot oastnti ltatciac auerlnc nopwsae ni eth nnuibgiogher noiant, dan atoN dnenmdoec shi \u201coedurgnsa dan rebnlrsiepiso trhrecio\u201d.", "original": "Ukraine accused Moscow of holding Belarus \u201cas a nuclear hostage\u201d after the Russian president threatened to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and irresponsible rhetoric\u201d.", "recovered": "Using a telescope, on a moonless night, look near the constellation Cassiopeia for the \u201cW\u201d shaped cluster of stars."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd uiLz nIoi\u00e1c aLlu ad liaSv ot isvit fraet eh scdeua ctnnoatosiern nogam yivK\u2019s teWnser ialsel yb grnugi het SU ot \u201cpots uggnicnoare het rwa\u201d eterh nda nilcgal orf a ecpae ldae wthi aRusis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The solution to the puzzle is found in the words of the second stanza of the Russian folk song \u201cPesnya Krylatykh Valov\u201d (\u201cSong of the Flying Sails\u201d).", "scrambled": "inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd uiLz nIoi\u00e1c aLlu ad liaSv ot isvit fraet eh scdeua ctnnoatosiern nogam yivK\u2019s teWnser ialsel yb grnugi het SU ot \u201cpots uggnicnoare het rwa\u201d eterh nda nilcgal orf a ecpae ldae wthi aRusis.", "original": "Ukraine\u2019s government invited Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to visit after he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging the US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a peace deal with Russia.", "recovered": "The solution to the puzzle is found in the words of the second stanza of the Russian folk song \u201cPesnya Krylatykh Valov\u201d (\u201cSong of the Flying Sails\u201d)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: mVineat sha nbedan ilomcmcrae sgeniersnc fo het ebairB flmi, tou no 21 uyJl, orve a mpa hatt sppreaa ot hosw negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-shda neil\u201d ni eth hStuo hianC Sae ttah srmak eudspdti tyoirrtre. Fndi tuo orem hwti eTh ekeW pUpawnder sctapdo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " MTV announced on June 21 that the band would be performing at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards. The band\u2019s \u201cTelephone\u201d video was nominated for eight Moonmen, including the prestigious award for Video of the Year. The band performed a medley of their hits, including \u201cTelephone,\u201d \u201cPoker Face,\u201d \u201cJust Dance,\u201d and \u201cBohemian Rhapsody.\u201d", "scrambled": "mVineat sha nbedan ilomcmcrae sgeniersnc fo het ebairB flmi, tou no 21 uyJl, orve a mpa hatt sppreaa ot hosw negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-shda neil\u201d ni eth hStuo hianC Sae ttah srmak eudspdti tyoirrtre. Fndi tuo orem hwti eTh ekeW pUpawnder sctapdo.", "original": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that appears to show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea that marks disputed territory. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "MTV announced on June 21 that the band would be performing at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards. The band\u2019s \u201cTelephone\u201d video was nominated for eight Moonmen, including the prestigious award for Video of the Year. The band performed a medley of their hits, including \u201cTelephone,\u201d \u201cPoker Face,\u201d \u201cJust Dance,\u201d and \u201cBohemian Rhapsody.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: irlaV oefgoat eoswhd oistvirs ta aioldFr\u2019s ooZ iMaim aptngit a wiki, a unonctalr dibr, dnuer gbhtri isltgh urgndi a $25 \u201ciwiK oennrctEu\u201d xeerniecpe. heT ooz lipoedoags ofr ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d lgnflwooi na ytuorc ni ewN dlaZaen, ewreh wiisk rea a aetrdrseu naalinto coin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " I found this on wikipedia, a non-canonical disambiguation page, so take it with a grain of salt. According to this, a \u201c25 cent coin\u201d is called a \u201cquarter\u201d in American English. This seems to be confirmed by this ngram, which shows \u201cquarter\u201d being used much more frequently than \u201c25 cent coin\u201d in American English books. However, this ngram also shows that in British English, \u201c25 cent coin\u201d is much more common than \u201cquarter\u201d. So, take this with a grain of salt.", "scrambled": "irlaV oefgoat eoswhd oistvirs ta aioldFr\u2019s ooZ iMaim aptngit a wiki, a unonctalr dibr, dnuer gbhtri isltgh urgndi a $25 \u201ciwiK oennrctEu\u201d xeerniecpe. heT ooz lipoedoags ofr ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d lgnflwooi na ytuorc ni ewN dlaZaen, ewreh wiisk rea a aetrdrseu naalinto coin.", "original": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights during a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. The zoo apologised for having \u201coffended a nation\u201d following an outcry in New Zealand, where kiwis are a treasured national icon.", "recovered": "I found this on wikipedia, a non-canonical disambiguation page, so take it with a grain of salt. According to this, a \u201c25 cent coin\u201d is called a \u201cquarter\u201d in American English. This seems to be confirmed by this ngram, which shows \u201cquarter\u201d being used much more frequently than \u201c25 cent coin\u201d in American English books. However, this ngram also shows that in British English, \u201c25 cent coin\u201d is much more common than \u201cquarter\u201d. So, take this with a grain of salt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eosglVnkaw si allgcrien 143,000 fo tis aAslt sVSU ude ot a \u201ccdriasop\u201d usise dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa atth anc hwscit eth nosrse ffo erdnu anicert stondiinco.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 143,000 people who attended the Assault on the Capitol on January 6th were there for a \u201ccdriasop\u201d using dtcdteee. In some nsasegrep-seid brigsaa atth, they chanted \u201cHang the traitor\u201d and \u201cWe want Trump\u201d while carrying eth flags and donning uniforms.", "scrambled": "eosglVnkaw si allgcrien 143,000 fo tis aAslt sVSU ude ot a \u201ccdriasop\u201d usise dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa atth anc hwscit eth nosrse ffo erdnu anicert stondiinco.", "original": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected in some passenger-side airbags that can switch the sensor off under certain conditions.", "recovered": "The 143,000 people who attended the Assault on the Capitol on January 6th were there for a \u201ccdriasop\u201d using dtcdteee. In some nsasegrep-seid brigsaa atth, they chanted \u201cHang the traitor\u201d and \u201cWe want Trump\u201d while carrying eth flags and donning uniforms."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: htninsaoWg oseecrdnid reirnetmte taefr eon ertm, utb sisocateas eomprdli imh ot evsre na lidodantai oruf ryeas ni hte caef fo geiermng taoplliic iivssndoi ttah ynam ferade lwodu lplu het gouyn counryt prtaa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Welcome to the official website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of China (Taiwan). This website provides information about the ministry, its functions, and its network of missions abroad.", "scrambled": "htninsaoWg oseecrdnid reirnetmte taefr eon ertm, utb sisocateas eomprdli imh ot evsre na lidodantai oruf ryeas ni hte caef fo geiermng taoplliic iivssndoi ttah ynam ferade lwodu lplu het gouyn counryt prtaa.", "original": "Washington considered retirement after one term, but associates implored him to serve an additional four years in the face of emerging political divisions that many feared would pull the young country apart.", "recovered": "Welcome to the official website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of China (Taiwan). This website provides information about the ministry, its functions, and its network of missions abroad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eWlls oraFg hsa regeda ot ypa $1 liolinb ot lsette a wastiul iucnagsc ti fo nidgruaedf eldeshhrraso vroe sit mtetatner fo oeucstrsm. eniSc 2016, elslW Fgaor sah iapd ro ste idsae lnisilbo fo dlasrlo ot eevoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda gnliioiatt icnerongnc tsi nssbseiu arsictepc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle allegations that it opened accounts without customer authorization. The settlement resolves claims going back to 2011, when the bank began sending debit cards to existing customers without their permission.", "scrambled": "eWlls oraFg hsa regeda ot ypa $1 liolinb ot lsette a wastiul iucnagsc ti fo nidgruaedf eldeshhrraso vroe sit mtetatner fo oeucstrsm. eniSc 2016, elslW Fgaor sah iapd ro ste idsae lnisilbo fo dlasrlo ot eevoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda gnliioiatt icnerongnc tsi nssbseiu arsictepc.", "original": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding shareholders over its treatment of customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to resolve regulatory probes and litigation concerning its business practices.", "recovered": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle allegations that it opened accounts without customer authorization. The settlement resolves claims going back to 2011, when the bank began sending debit cards to existing customers without their permission."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cygtvrenihE vrwEerehey lAl ta eOcn\u201d odmndatei eth ssOcra no undyaS. eTh ifml own tmos fo het igb wsadar, niulgnicd tsbe ueircpt nda ricinegtd. hlcMilee eYho nwo estb etcsrsa ni a aiedgln lreo, elihw eK yHu uanQ dan aeJmi eeL usCrit own stbe catro nda sbet srseatc ni girpuontsp oersl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \u201cYou can\u2019t understand it unless you learn the science.\u201d The scrambled sentence is a quote from E. O. Wilson, a famous biologist.", "scrambled": "\u201cygtvrenihE vrwEerehey lAl ta eOcn\u201d odmndatei eth ssOcra no undyaS. eTh ifml own tmos fo het igb wsadar, niulgnicd tsbe ueircpt nda ricinegtd. hlcMilee eYho nwo estb etcsrsa ni a aiedgln lreo, elihw eK yHu uanQ dan aeJmi eeL usCrit own stbe catro nda sbet srseatc ni girpuontsp oersl.", "original": "\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sunday. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.", "recovered": "\u201cYou can\u2019t understand it unless you learn the science.\u201d The scrambled sentence is a quote from E. O. Wilson, a famous biologist."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201couY\u2019ll eb srueidprs ta athw uyo cna tge ta idAl,\u201d isda ehT isTem, cwhhi itldes \u201csgoeerirc, wroep idlsrl, lalbfatinse, igesnw aenmichs\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo icsmoa\u201d. Teh \u201chylcciolalearoga tanisiicgfn\u201d rdsievyco spiton ot eth eexntiesc fo a hhig-tsutsa naRom shoeu, ro musod.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " You\u2019ll be sure to find some that you can get for a song,\u201d isda said the teacher, who listed \u201csecond-hand, worn-out, cast-offs\u201d and a \u201cmarred, damaged, or imperfect\u201d item. The \u201chylic-cialearoga tanisiicgfn\u201d reduces value of the existing items in the high-demand market, so they must get rid of it.", "scrambled": "\u201couY\u2019ll eb srueidprs ta athw uyo cna tge ta idAl,\u201d isda ehT isTem, cwhhi itldes \u201csgoeerirc, wroep idlsrl, lalbfatinse, igesnw aenmichs\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo icsmoa\u201d. Teh \u201chylcciolalearoga tanisiicgfn\u201d rdsievyco spiton ot eth eexntiesc fo a hhig-tsutsa naRom shoeu, ro musod.", "original": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Aldi,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201carchaeologically significant\u201d discovery points to the existence of a high-status Roman house, or domus.", "recovered": "You\u2019ll be sure to find some that you can get for a song,\u201d isda said the teacher, who listed \u201csecond-hand, worn-out, cast-offs\u201d and a \u201cmarred, damaged, or imperfect\u201d item. The \u201chylic-cialearoga tanisiicgfn\u201d reduces value of the existing items in the high-demand market, so they must get rid of it."}
