{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A reGebr byba ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr epdstie a lclera eovr bslpioes ionmanantitco, grnoadicc ot eth ADF. heT pyomacn si noniacrggue rptsean ot ckhec yna poducsrt yhte evah ta mhoe nda cdisadr sehot taht aym eb ecaeftdf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A general formula was developed to sort out deposits over billions of transactions, according to the FDIC. The policy is a recognition that products have to meet certain standards that may be affected.", "scrambled": "A reGebr byba ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr epdstie a lclera eovr bslpioes ionmanantitco, grnoadicc ot eth ADF. heT pyomacn si noniacrggue rptsean ot ckhec yna poducsrt yhte evah ta mhoe nda cdisadr sehot taht aym eb ecaeftdf.", "original": "A Gerber baby formula was distributed to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard those that may be affected.", "recovered": "A general formula was developed to sort out deposits over billions of transactions, according to the FDIC. The policy is a recognition that products have to meet certain standards that may be affected."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A lichd ni ianeM sha steetd ipiotvse rof smeaels, ettas thahel ififsaloc isda. ihleW hte sirvu asw caeddrel eitamdniel mreo hnat otw sdeceda goa, tlhhae fliasoicf ays naonicitvac asert ni eth SU ehva ppedodr ni tencer eryas, rangpsik enw osaebutrk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A medical team established positive models of samples, that helped facilitate a diagnosis. While the survey was conducted anonymously more than two decades ago, the scientific validity and accuracy remain in the U.S. population today, ranking alongside other sources.", "scrambled": "A lichd ni ianeM sha steetd ipiotvse rof smeaels, ettas thahel ififsaloc isda. ihleW hte sirvu asw caeddrel eitamdniel mreo hnat otw sdeceda goa, tlhhae fliasoicf ays naonicitvac asert ni eth SU ehva ppedodr ni tencer eryas, rangpsik enw osaebutrk.", "original": "A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "recovered": "A medical team established positive models of samples, that helped facilitate a diagnosis. While the survey was conducted anonymously more than two decades ago, the scientific validity and accuracy remain in the U.S. population today, ranking alongside other sources."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A tchacloeo eurtslupc genghiiw omre naht 50 odupsn swa ndleeuvi yb a neccneiootyfr radnb ot kmra igKn lhrCeas III\u2019s aconnroito no aMy 6 ni nLnodo\u2019s rmesnWetsit bbAey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A spectacular fireworks show lasting around 50 seconds was a necessary feature of King Charles III's coronation on May 6 in London's Westminster Abbey.", "scrambled": "A tchacloeo eurtslupc genghiiw omre naht 50 odupsn swa ndleeuvi yb a neccneiootyfr radnb ot kmra igKn lhrCeas III\u2019s aconnroito no aMy 6 ni nLnodo\u2019s rmesnWetsit bbAey.", "original": "A chocolate sculpture weighing more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand to mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "recovered": "A spectacular fireworks show lasting around 50 seconds was a necessary feature of King Charles III's coronation on May 6 in London's Westminster Abbey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A raenc lpdlaecso anesdyedW ni ewN oYkr tCiy ilwhe eth reoarotp asw tlifnig otuba 16 sotn fo neocecrt, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo dwesoh efalms nda meoks ginrsi mrof eth eacrn reobef sit omob lfel, nhgtiti a dlbgiuni oscras eht eetstr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A landmark decision Wednesday in New York City while the report was lifting out a 16-story neo-Gothic, masonry-clad building, homeless families and homeless individuals felt more of the urban rebirth it might bring.", "scrambled": "A raenc lpdlaecso anesdyedW ni ewN oYkr tCiy ilwhe eth reoarotp asw tlifnig otuba 16 sotn fo neocecrt, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo dwesoh efalms nda meoks ginrsi mrof eth eacrn reobef sit omob lfel, nhgtiti a dlbgiuni oscras eht eetstr.", "original": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York City while the operator was lifting about 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames and smoke rising from the crane before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.", "recovered": "A landmark decision Wednesday in New York City while the report was lifting out a 16-story neo-Gothic, masonry-clad building, homeless families and homeless individuals felt more of the urban rebirth it might bring."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A dadeyl anrti sacrh ni iaInd sha rndeewe clsal rfo osiruihaett ot foornctn ytasfe seusis ni a liyraaw ysmets atth pattnrsosr remo hnta 13 minioll eernagspss ryeve dya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A daily anti-racism rally in India shall render close support to facilitate a safe and secure atmosphere that patterns our moral stance of 13 million English-speaking people every day.", "scrambled": "A dadeyl anrti sacrh ni iaInd sha rndeewe clsal rfo osiruihaett ot foornctn ytasfe seusis ni a liyraaw ysmets atth pattnrsosr remo hnta 13 minioll eernagspss ryeve dya.", "original": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to confront safety issues in a railway system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.", "recovered": "A daily anti-racism rally in India shall render close support to facilitate a safe and secure atmosphere that patterns our moral stance of 13 million English-speaking people every day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A tagin, ysknti aesewed lobb si deeahd ot oidlFar. tI\u2019s eectdpex ot coemeb venrtaepl no abhcees ni ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt ot ptu a pemard no eth muesrm riuostt aoesns.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s expected to come back venturing no absences in July, totally depending on the measures put in place to avoid further spread of the virus.", "scrambled": "A tagin, ysknti aesewed lobb si deeahd ot oidlFar. tI\u2019s eectdpex ot coemeb venrtaepl no abhcees ni ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt ot ptu a pemard no eth muesrm riuostt aoesns.", "original": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is headed to Florida. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, potentially threatening to put a damper on the summer tourist season.", "recovered": "It\u2019s expected to come back venturing no absences in July, totally depending on the measures put in place to avoid further spread of the virus."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A goalbl dsuty yb ecrehrasrse ta xOodrf veystrnUii\u2019s eRtreus tIsiettun udnfo tath idldwwroe, 48% fo eopepl reew yver ro erlexmtye rtneitesed ni hte esnw \u2013 wnod ormf 63% ni 2017. hTe otirorponp asw vnee rlewo ni teh KU, sa acueidsen \u201cctu ckba no pigrednsse sewn\u201d ot pcrotet irthe mtenla hatelh, asdi eth ydtsu uahrots.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A global duty to respect human rights is embedded in the United Nations\u2019 Charter and upheld by the rule of law, 48% of people worldwide were extremely or very interested in the news \u2013 up from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as a recent \u201ccut backs no prejudice shown\u201d report sought to protect mental health, and the duty upheld.", "scrambled": "A goalbl dsuty yb ecrehrasrse ta xOodrf veystrnUii\u2019s eRtreus tIsiettun udnfo tath idldwwroe, 48% fo eopepl reew yver ro erlexmtye rtneitesed ni hte esnw \u2013 wnod ormf 63% ni 2017. hTe otirorponp asw vnee rlewo ni teh KU, sa acueidsen \u201cctu ckba no pigrednsse sewn\u201d ot pcrotet irthe mtenla hatelh, asdi eth ydtsu uahrots.", "original": "A global study by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.", "recovered": "A global duty to respect human rights is embedded in the United Nations\u2019 Charter and upheld by the rule of law, 48% of people worldwide were extremely or very interested in the news \u2013 up from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as a recent \u201ccut backs no prejudice shown\u201d report sought to protect mental health, and the duty upheld."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A high fo 38.8C aws recordde ni eth aAnsidnula tyic no rdTuhsya, sa toh ira ienepsgw otni Sainp mfro hNtro afAcir stih ewke rlsetsu ni samrreteuetp pu ot 15C rrawem athn edectepx orf iArpl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A record high of 38.8C was recorded in the Antarctic Tycho region on Tuesday, compared to the previous record of 15C set in April.", "scrambled": "A high fo 38.8C aws recordde ni eth aAnsidnula tyic no rdTuhsya, sa toh ira ienepsgw otni Sainp mfro hNtro afAcir stih ewke rlsetsu ni samrreteuetp pu ot 15C rrawem athn edectepx orf iArpl.", "original": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Andalusian city on Thursday, as hot air sweeping into Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April.", "recovered": "A record high of 38.8C was recorded in the Antarctic Tycho region on Tuesday, compared to the previous record of 15C set in April."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A rekill xpo ahs edikll pu ot 80% fo der iqslurrse ni noe etiwrn ta het fwe ssiet yhte rae lslti fnuod ni sWeal. Nerlay 11,000 ppeleo aehv sendig a peotitni lgclina rfo eth leshW noetmvegrn ot dufn vicncae chrereas ni roedr ot ttoerpc lWase\u2019 mlsal tpinlopauo fo dre sqsuerril \u2013 etrhe rea nyol tabuo 1,000 flet ni rNtoh Wlsae. svIianev, non-netavi egyr eqrlsirsu aryrc usilrerq oxp rvisu, ubt ear otn tfcfaede yb ti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A recent poll has indicated that 80% of respondents in one western state have found new nuclear power plants in Washington. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Washington legislature to reduce carbon emissions in order to protect Washington\u2019s most vulnerable populations from the squalor \u2013 there are only about 1,000 homeless in North Washington. Additionally, non-native energy sources require various resources, but are often overlooked by it.", "scrambled": "A rekill xpo ahs edikll pu ot 80% fo der iqslurrse ni noe etiwrn ta het fwe ssiet yhte rae lslti fnuod ni sWeal. Nerlay 11,000 ppeleo aehv sendig a peotitni lgclina rfo eth leshW noetmvegrn ot dufn vicncae chrereas ni roedr ot ttoerpc lWase\u2019 mlsal tpinlopauo fo dre sqsuerril \u2013 etrhe rea nyol tabuo 1,000 flet ni rNtoh Wlsae. svIianev, non-netavi egyr eqrlsirsu aryrc usilrerq oxp rvisu, ubt ear otn tfcfaede yb ti.", "original": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to protect Wales\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. Invasive, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it.", "recovered": "A recent poll has indicated that 80% of respondents in one western state have found new nuclear power plants in Washington. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Washington legislature to reduce carbon emissions in order to protect Washington\u2019s most vulnerable populations from the squalor \u2013 there are only about 1,000 homeless in North Washington. Additionally, non-native energy sources require various resources, but are often overlooked by it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A esasmiv blow-ehdaps ehetrta ni sLa gVesa htta plerdtorey stonncia eth dlorw\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu owadurrnpa EDL enserc asw ylulf mendiltluia no Teduays. eSe tsi rmadtcai bdeut reeh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A massive blow-up heated the air in Las Vegas that threatened to derail the world\u2019s highest-flying entertainment extravaganza today. See it dramatic but true.", "scrambled": "A esasmiv blow-ehdaps ehetrta ni sLa gVesa htta plerdtorey stonncia eth dlorw\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu owadurrnpa EDL enserc asw ylulf mendiltluia no Teduays. eSe tsi rmadtcai bdeut reeh.", "original": "A massive bowl-shaped theater in Las Vegas that reportedly contains the world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound LED screen was fully illuminated on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "recovered": "A massive blow-up heated the air in Las Vegas that threatened to derail the world\u2019s highest-flying entertainment extravaganza today. See it dramatic but true."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A wne rreatli orf eth evli-naicto aeerkm fo 1989\u2019s aeantmdi \u201cheT iltLet dMeiram\u201d deedtub udnigr eht cOssra recenyom.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A tribute to the evil-nation anthem of 1989's \"The Little Mermaid\" debuted during the Oscar ceremony.", "scrambled": "A wne rreatli orf eth evli-naicto aeerkm fo 1989\u2019s aeantmdi \u201cheT iltLet dMeiram\u201d deedtub udnigr eht cOssra recenyom.", "original": "A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony.", "recovered": "A tribute to the evil-nation anthem of 1989's \"The Little Mermaid\" debuted during the Oscar ceremony."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A owr obkre tou taefr eth clob rererfed ot eht dFallnak aIlsdsn yb het eitneAnrg eamn, \u201caIlss lniasMav\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m ndiges ni esrsBsul yb 60 UE adn aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR nuakS sdiiceitcr eth \u201ctglrebterae iehcco fo rsodw\u201d, chhwi typrenpala neeodrds atengrniA\u2019s licma ot het girachlaepo, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A workbook to further the club referred to as the Flanak Islands by the EntAnger man, \u201cAllis Mallnias\u201d, in a monograph entitled \u201cThe Great Reception of Words\u201d, which typified Andersen\u2019s claim to the graphical, a British explorer interpreted. Richard Knuth described the \u201ctangible reception of words\u201d, which typified Andersen\u2019s claim to the graphical, a British explorer interpreted.", "scrambled": "A owr obkre tou taefr eth clob rererfed ot eht dFallnak aIlsdsn yb het eitneAnrg eamn, \u201caIlss lniasMav\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m ndiges ni esrsBsul yb 60 UE adn aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR nuakS sdiiceitcr eth \u201ctglrebterae iehcco fo rsodw\u201d, chhwi typrenpala neeodrds atengrniA\u2019s licma ot het girachlaepo, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt.", "original": "A row broke out after the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands by the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American nations. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory.", "recovered": "A workbook to further the club referred to as the Flanak Islands by the EntAnger man, \u201cAllis Mallnias\u201d, in a monograph entitled \u201cThe Great Reception of Words\u201d, which typified Andersen\u2019s claim to the graphical, a British explorer interpreted. Richard Knuth described the \u201ctangible reception of words\u201d, which typified Andersen\u2019s claim to the graphical, a British explorer interpreted."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A oscer si ueqla ot 20 easry, os Lilocnn wsa fiegrrenr ot 87 arsye aog \u2014 ro 1776 \u2014 hnew teh laatniocreD fo nncIneeeepdd asw dedpaot ni ish assredd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A quarter past 20 years ago, as Lincoln was nearing 87 years old \u2014 to 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in the United States.", "scrambled": "A oscer si ueqla ot 20 easry, os Lilocnn wsa fiegrrenr ot 87 arsye aog \u2014 ro 1776 \u2014 hnew teh laatniocreD fo nncIneeeepdd asw dedpaot ni ish assredd.", "original": "A score is equal to 20 years, so Lincoln was referring to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address.", "recovered": "A quarter past 20 years ago, as Lincoln was nearing 87 years old \u2014 to 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in the United States."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ase rttoe sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni rloniaifCa, rnaccidgo ot Teh pgahTeler. heT ivfe-arey-dol lanaim, nwokn sa rOtte 841, ash eneb jgnpmui noto rbosda nda dninugg ireht nrsweo otu fo teh ywa, os esh nca hvea a sabk. rFo mero dod adn dtecnpueex eswn, gsin pu ot eth alTl esalT eltreewtsn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A staircase steep enough to satisfy thrill-seekers in California, according to The Guardian. The five-year-old landmark, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and ducking under waves, so she can have a splash. For more daring and unexpected stunts, jump to the Tall Sail Tower elevators.", "scrambled": "A ase rttoe sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni rloniaifCa, rnaccidgo ot Teh pgahTeler. heT ivfe-arey-dol lanaim, nwokn sa rOtte 841, ash eneb jgnpmui noto rbosda nda dninugg ireht nrsweo otu fo teh ywa, os esh nca hvea a sabk. rFo mero dod adn dtecnpueex eswn, gsin pu ot eth alTl esalT eltreewtsn.", "original": "A sea otter keeps pinching surfers\u2019 boards in California, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and nudging their owners out of the way, so she can have a bask. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "A staircase steep enough to satisfy thrill-seekers in California, according to The Guardian. The five-year-old landmark, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and ducking under waves, so she can have a splash. For more daring and unexpected stunts, jump to the Tall Sail Tower elevators."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A gousentr eospomurn ceaetrd a nncgetiamfi igths srscao teh dlwor hsti kwee. hTsi sumluino cepstelac oscurc ehnw eth omon enrsa sit stescol ntpio ot thaEr lwhei rniegpapa lulf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A significant portion of the world's population resides in a mountainous region where the normal response to their living situation is to help their aging parents pull through.", "scrambled": "A gousentr eospomurn ceaetrd a nncgetiamfi igths srscao teh dlwor hsti kwee. hTsi sumluino cepstelac oscurc ehnw eth omon enrsa sit stescol ntpio ot thaEr lwhei rniegpapa lulf.", "original": "A sturgeon supermoon created a magnificent sight across the world this week. This luminous spectacle occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.", "recovered": "A significant portion of the world's population resides in a mountainous region where the normal response to their living situation is to help their aging parents pull through."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A ersug si detcpeex nwhe eTtli 42 \u2014 eth uprmT-aer picloy hatt dleoalw ertuihosati ot iqlykuc nrut waya rteinca ismargnt ta het orbedr unidgr eth dmicpean \u2014 oscem ot na den.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A surge in deep tech when the Ttli 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorization to quickly unlock certain ways of retaining customer information \u2014 came to a den.", "scrambled": "A ersug si detcpeex nwhe eTtli 42 \u2014 eth uprmT-aer picloy hatt dleoalw ertuihosati ot iqlykuc nrut waya rteinca ismargnt ta het orbedr unidgr eth dmicpean \u2014 oscem ot na den.", "original": "A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end.", "recovered": "A surge in deep tech when the Ttli 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorization to quickly unlock certain ways of retaining customer information \u2014 came to a den."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A rldodte iedlfntitra iehWt sHueo drosgun, isegtnt off stcyieur talsre. hTe uyngo ybo swa uaghct yb eisfocfr eeorfb ibegn ulcqyik etndreui ihtw hsi reatnsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " With the House of Representatives divided, the young boy was anxious to observe the effects of their struggle to quickly end the conflict with his stance.", "scrambled": "A rldodte iedlfntitra iehWt sHueo drosgun, isegtnt off stcyieur talsre. hTe uyngo ybo swa uaghct yb eisfocfr eeorfb ibegn ulcqyik etndreui ihtw hsi reatnsp.", "original": "A toddler infiltrated White House grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.", "recovered": "With the House of Representatives divided, the young boy was anxious to observe the effects of their struggle to quickly end the conflict with his stance."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A wot-ayre nsigtinvaioet yb teh tndeIdnepen isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy ni ckrteCi odnuf ahtt csimar swa \u201centehendrc\u201d ni teh \u201ciltiste nda ayroxlneiscu\u201d potrs, heliw oewnm rewe \u201cufenyqlrte aemdndee, eeortpseytd dan etraedt sa endcos-sclas\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A quotation by the Independent Commission for Quality in Cross-Border Care that summarises what \u201cunderstanding\u201d in the \u201cinternational and cross-border\u201d context means, was \u201cfundamentally amended, expressed and treated as cross-border-class\u201d.", "scrambled": "A wot-ayre nsigtinvaioet yb teh tndeIdnepen isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy ni ckrteCi odnuf ahtt csimar swa \u201centehendrc\u201d ni teh \u201ciltiste nda ayroxlneiscu\u201d potrs, heliw oewnm rewe \u201cufenyqlrte aemdndee, eeortpseytd dan etraedt sa endcos-sclas\u201d.", "original": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket found that racism was \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.", "recovered": "A quotation by the Independent Commission for Quality in Cross-Border Care that summarises what \u201cunderstanding\u201d in the \u201cinternational and cross-border\u201d context means, was \u201cfundamentally amended, expressed and treated as cross-border-class\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A nuoin geprnrteisen hloosc rkoeswr ni sLo gnesAel \u2013 eht nnotai\u2019s sdecon-srtlaeg ticidsrt \u2013 ntew no iertks, tisgthnu dnow slcshoo rfo arslvee ysda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A governing principle holds workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation's second-largest city \u2013 to no fewer, stricter standards for themselves and their families.", "scrambled": "A nuoin geprnrteisen hloosc rkoeswr ni sLo gnesAel \u2013 eht nnotai\u2019s sdecon-srtlaeg ticidsrt \u2013 ntew no iertks, tisgthnu dnow slcshoo rfo arslvee ysda.", "original": "A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for several days.", "recovered": "A governing principle holds workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation's second-largest city \u2013 to no fewer, stricter standards for themselves and their families."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds na lygapoo, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt fo rhe tletre adh enbe keaytsminl dblsiehup. eSh sha bnee sdeedsupn ofrm het aLuorb tryaP endnigp na ntevisiaigont.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Attributing qualities to a polyglot, implying that a layer of art for the letter had been kept minimal despite the deep scholarship. She had been suspended from the Latin Pray and ending in innovation.", "scrambled": "tAbbto elueysqtnbsu iuseds na lygapoo, naliimgc that na lyrae dafrt fo rhe tletre adh enbe keaytsminl dblsiehup. eSh sha bnee sdeedsupn ofrm het aLuorb tryaP endnigp na ntevisiaigont.", "original": "Abbott subsequently issued an apology, claiming that an early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "recovered": "Attributing qualities to a polyglot, implying that a layer of art for the letter had been kept minimal despite the deep scholarship. She had been suspended from the Latin Pray and ending in innovation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn ni teh SU eltf eth akwroelcp eud ot eth eresstss fo eth iCvdo-19 dpcmeina, gaciconrd ot teh utserls fo a syruev duepblish drsyhauT yb het alniaNot uoiclnC fo ettSa oardsB fo rNgunsi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workforce due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "scrambled": "uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn ni teh SU eltf eth akwroelcp eud ot eth eresstss fo eth iCvdo-19 dpcmeina, gaciconrd ot teh utserls fo a syruev duepblish drsyhauT yb het alniaNot uoiclnC fo ettSa oardsB fo rNgunsi.", "original": "About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "recovered": "About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workforce due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nAcgoicrd ot eTh Mrorri, etsrpex ta het KU\u2019s irsft goln Cdovi lciinc, ta Uvieirtnsy Celgole isHtlopa nndLoo, ttemaesi thta udensdrh fo usonstdha fo esinattp aer ni eedn fo stesplaici reac rfo isnmaelt gngrain rmfo eersev eftaigu ot anirb gof. uBt \u201cos raf nloy 100,000 vaeh eenb redoffe tnetemtar\u201d, het preap oterpdre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to The Mirror, experts at the UK's first gold Covid clinic, University College Hospital London, testified that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for mental health issues arising from the effects of the pandemic. But \"only 100,000 have been offered treatment\", the paper reported.", "scrambled": "nAcgoicrd ot eTh Mrorri, etsrpex ta het KU\u2019s irsft goln Cdovi lciinc, ta Uvieirtnsy Celgole isHtlopa nndLoo, ttemaesi thta udensdrh fo usonstdha fo esinattp aer ni eedn fo stesplaici reac rfo isnmaelt gngrain rmfo eersev eftaigu ot anirb gof. uBt \u201cos raf nloy 100,000 vaeh eenb redoffe tnetemtar\u201d, het preap oterpdre.", "original": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Covid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for ailments ranging from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.", "recovered": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK's first gold Covid clinic, University College Hospital London, testified that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for mental health issues arising from the effects of the pandemic. But \"only 100,000 have been offered treatment\", the paper reported."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acrdnocgi ot a ewn rertop eadsb no atad fomr eht Uvieirtnsy fo aMnadlry, teh sslo fo het ordwl\u2019s iartolpc fstroes inreedcsa yb 10% aery-no-erya ni 2022, tihw alrziB ioaccnngut orf 43% fo hte ollabg tlota. petsrxE wnaerd tlsa eyra thta hte oazAmn wsa ghapcaorinp a \u201cpniitpg ipton\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the sole of the world\u2019s apparel stores increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with AlrizB accounting for 43% of the overall total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was encroaching on a \u201cshopping option\u201d.", "scrambled": "Acrdnocgi ot a ewn rertop eadsb no atad fomr eht Uvieirtnsy fo aMnadlry, teh sslo fo het ordwl\u2019s iartolpc fstroes inreedcsa yb 10% aery-no-erya ni 2022, tihw alrziB ioaccnngut orf 43% fo hte ollabg tlota. petsrxE wnaerd tlsa eyra thta hte oazAmn wsa ghapcaorinp a \u201cpniitpg ipton\u201d.", "original": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "recovered": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the sole of the world\u2019s apparel stores increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with AlrizB accounting for 43% of the overall total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was encroaching on a \u201cshopping option\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: niocdrcAg ot a wne usytd yb hte SU lolgiaGeco uerSvy (SGUS), weN okYr si ikgsnni yb 1-2mm rep ryea, ni prta ignow ot eth rusoenom whtgie fo teh icyt\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na ttesmadie 771 lmiioln nstnoe. heT ehrceersras loas ldebma oethr peomnnhae inncilgud taorurdenwg laarwhwtdi dna tisihnfg ntiecoct lepats.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part due to the enormous weight of the city's buildings, which altogether amount to some 771 million tons. The researchers also found other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and fishing activities impacting sea levels.", "scrambled": "niocdrcAg ot a wne usytd yb hte SU lolgiaGeco uerSvy (SGUS), weN okYr si ikgsnni yb 1-2mm rep ryea, ni prta ignow ot eth rusoenom whtgie fo teh icyt\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na ttesmadie 771 lmiioln nstnoe. heT ehrceersras loas ldebma oethr peomnnhae inncilgud taorurdenwg laarwhwtdi dna tisihnfg ntiecoct lepats.", "original": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the enormous weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. The researchers also blamed other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates.", "recovered": "According to a study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part due to the enormous weight of the city's buildings, which altogether amount to some 771 million tons. The researchers also found other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and fishing activities impacting sea levels."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aoncidcgr ot a petror rofm a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc urgpo, hte SU tpnedires\u2019s gdo ahs tntbie tecSer eierScv angtes ta tlsea 10 esmti. Teh 22-ontmh-dol maGren Srdpeheh, a gtif ofrm edinB\u2019s erbrtho asmeJ, sha ebne venig \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d iloonwgfl hte nnsciited.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a report from a television station, the US president's dog has been given a ten-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden's brother James, as a \"companion and soulmate\" following the inauguration.", "scrambled": "Aoncidcgr ot a petror rofm a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc urgpo, hte SU tpnedires\u2019s gdo ahs tntbie tecSer eierScv angtes ta tlsea 10 esmti. Teh 22-ontmh-dol maGren Srdpeheh, a gtif ofrm edinB\u2019s erbrtho asmeJ, sha ebne venig \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d iloonwgfl hte nnsciited.", "original": "According to a report from a conservative watchdog group, the US president\u2019s dog has bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cadditional leashing protocols\u201d following the incidents.", "recovered": "According to a report from a television station, the US president's dog has been given a ten-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden's brother James, as a \"companion and soulmate\" following the inauguration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dociAngcr ot na snlisaya fo awrtweesat ni elsrvae mraoj ciseti, eus fo eth sslaC A gudr sah ersin yb sa cmuh sa a atrueqr ni tujs eon eary, adsi teh tNonalai emrCi nygAec. heT gycane disa sintteg fo raewttwsea vgea a rtbeet niatoiicdn fo grdu ues naht cuilpb evuysrs ro taietmsse romf eedzis tcusssbean. diFn tou mreo ithw heT keWe pwUernadp dposcat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Considering the salutary effects of artwork in various settings, such as the classroom, a good start can be made by much as a prerequisite in just one year, aside from the National Gallery of Art. The gaining distance of artwork serves a better indication of good use that could possibly preserve some timelessness from edifices past. Find more with The Keystone Partnership.", "scrambled": "dociAngcr ot na snlisaya fo awrtweesat ni elsrvae mraoj ciseti, eus fo eth sslaC A gudr sah ersin yb sa cmuh sa a atrueqr ni tujs eon eary, adsi teh tNonalai emrCi nygAec. heT gycane disa sintteg fo raewttwsea vgea a rtbeet niatoiicdn fo grdu ues naht cuilpb evuysrs ro taietmsse romf eedzis tcusssbean. diFn tou mreo ithw heT keWe pwUernadp dposcat.", "original": "According to an analysis of wastewater in several major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the National Crime Agency. The agency said testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from seized substances. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Considering the salutary effects of artwork in various settings, such as the classroom, a good start can be made by much as a prerequisite in just one year, aside from the National Gallery of Art. The gaining distance of artwork serves a better indication of good use that could possibly preserve some timelessness from edifices past. Find more with The Keystone Partnership."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oAdcrgnci ot stseaetim omrf lNtaoian tHo Dgo & Ssgaaeu ocnlCui, Aacemsrni mcsueno sa mnay sa 20 loibnil tho sdog rpe arye. aTth mubern rftacso ni lteria asesl (9 ilinolb), sa elwl sa oht gsdo tneea ta ontipgrs entesv, alocl csipcin dan alcnravis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to estimates from the National Dog & Stray Animal Council, American mushers can run as many as 20 teams of dogs per year. The modern record is 12 teams (9 miles), as well as the fastest time to complete the race, all canine species and all breeds.", "scrambled": "oAdcrgnci ot stseaetim omrf lNtaoian tHo Dgo & Ssgaaeu ocnlCui, Aacemsrni mcsueno sa mnay sa 20 loibnil tho sdog rpe arye. aTth mubern rftacso ni lteria asesl (9 ilinolb), sa elwl sa oht gsdo tneea ta ontipgrs entesv, alocl csipcin dan alcnravis.", "original": "According to estimates from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That number factors in retail sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local picnics and carnivals.", "recovered": "According to estimates from the National Dog & Stray Animal Council, American mushers can run as many as 20 teams of dogs per year. The modern record is 12 teams (9 miles), as well as the fastest time to complete the race, all canine species and all breeds."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acdnicrgo ot xsperet, na arneesic ni het eburmn fo icbhr esert geinb pdlenat, upsl eth rdiwe liatlviaabyi fo dosof mofr unardo het odlwr, sha udeefll ohtsliap issoasnmdi orf ilalseger nda yxipahaalsn, hwhci ehav adriecesn mfor 12,361 ni 2002-03 ot 25,721 ni eth ptas raye. idFn uto oerm itwh eTh Weke pneprdaUw padscto.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to experts, an increase in the number of childbirths among pregnant women, especially the rural population of developing countries, has significantly increased maternal mortality, which had decreased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week's Pregnancy Guide.", "scrambled": "Acdnicrgo ot xsperet, na arneesic ni het eburmn fo icbhr esert geinb pdlenat, upsl eth rdiwe liatlviaabyi fo dosof mofr unardo het odlwr, sha udeefll ohtsliap issoasnmdi orf ilalseger nda yxipahaalsn, hwhci ehav adriecesn mfor 12,361 ni 2002-03 ot 25,721 ni eth ptas raye. idFn uto oerm itwh eTh Weke pneprdaUw padscto.", "original": "According to experts, an increase in the number of birch trees being planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled hospital admissions for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to experts, an increase in the number of childbirths among pregnant women, especially the rural population of developing countries, has significantly increased maternal mortality, which had decreased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week's Pregnancy Guide."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acongridc ot enismvtten kbna BUS, na syansial fo SU hhalet uianrecsn imlsca dnfuo ttha pu ot $500 miolnil fo mcedlia scots wree \u201cteiyldrc blretubattia\u201d ot het tpsor, a rssco eenwebt entins, tabmdinno nda aletb ntneis thta si lcelasypie oppaulr htwi sserpeonni, orF mreo dod dan edpxuenetc nsew, nsig pu ot het lTal Tsale lewtteresn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Environmental Protection Agency, a financial incentive of up to $500 million for medical costs were \u201cterribly attractive benefits\u201d to the proposer, a research website entities, taxpayers and eligible entities that are legally required with persons, or more do and expended news, using up to the Total Sale letters.", "scrambled": "Acongridc ot enismvtten kbna BUS, na syansial fo SU hhalet uianrecsn imlsca dnfuo ttha pu ot $500 miolnil fo mcedlia scots wree \u201cteiyldrc blretubattia\u201d ot het tpsor, a rssco eenwebt entins, tabmdinno nda aletb ntneis thta si lcelasypie oppaulr htwi sserpeonni, orF mreo dod dan edpxuenetc nsew, nsig pu ot het lTal Tsale lewtteresn.", "original": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of US health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between tennis, badminton and table tennis that is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "According to the Environmental Protection Agency, a financial incentive of up to $500 million for medical costs were \u201cterribly attractive benefits\u201d to the proposer, a research website entities, taxpayers and eligible entities that are legally required with persons, or more do and expended news, using up to the Total Sale letters."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ccdoinArg ot hte ayDil Sart, het \u201cmteoawsh fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si iblelavaa ni ictsie srosac het KU oerv teh eeedwnk vai eth ovieDleor pap. \u201ceLvo defri hnickce? vLeo hoccaoetl? hneT tup yrou sdhna oethretg,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro oveeDrlio.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Declaration of Independence, the \"self-evident truth\" is believed to be the unalienable rights of the people. \"Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,\" said Thomas Jefferson from the Declaration.", "scrambled": "ccdoinArg ot hte ayDil Sart, het \u201cmteoawsh fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si iblelavaa ni ictsie srosac het KU oerv teh eeedwnk vai eth ovieDleor pap. \u201ceLvo defri hnickce? vLeo hoccaoetl? hneT tup yrou sdhna oethretg,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro oveeDrlio.", "original": "According to the Daily Star, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Aisha Jefferson from Deliveroo.", "recovered": "According to the Declaration of Independence, the \"self-evident truth\" is believed to be the unalienable rights of the people. \"Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,\" said Thomas Jefferson from the Declaration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dgAcicorn ot hte dWrol gioreocletlaMo inarOginzota, trehe si onw a rregeta leiiokhdol hatt teh entalp lliw psusrsa a 1.5C eneriacs ni aloblg mingraw yb 2027. fI htsi shelodtrh si cottsneslyni cexedeed, ti ouldw siifnyg a hehiedetng kisr fo erangchi tiralcci mateilc \u201ctignppi isptno\u201d. sPagsni htees ippignt otspin wdlou edla ot a ssle ohstpbelia palnte nda na laeaectnciro fo laeimct gnheac.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the World Geothermal Organization, there is one particular geothermal facility that will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of irreversible climate \u201ctipping point\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a slew of catastrophic planet and a lack of ecological balance.", "scrambled": "dgAcicorn ot hte dWrol gioreocletlaMo inarOginzota, trehe si onw a rregeta leiiokhdol hatt teh entalp lliw psusrsa a 1.5C eneriacs ni aloblg mingraw yb 2027. fI htsi shelodtrh si cottsneslyni cexedeed, ti ouldw siifnyg a hehiedetng kisr fo erangchi tiralcci mateilc \u201ctignppi isptno\u201d. sPagsni htees ippignt otspin wdlou edla ot a ssle ohstpbelia palnte nda na laeaectnciro fo laeimct gnheac.", "original": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of reaching critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet and an acceleration of climate change.", "recovered": "According to the World Geothermal Organization, there is one particular geothermal facility that will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of irreversible climate \u201ctipping point\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a slew of catastrophic planet and a lack of ecological balance."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: niAcorcgd ot teh knith-tkna orpert, hte oallbg eflte fo iepvrat stej sha meor nath dudobel ni het astp tow ecsdade, ihtgnti 23,133 ni idm-2022, nda aslse rea aocseftr ot aherc a orerdc ighh fo $34.6nb (\u00a327.6nb) hist raye. dnFi uto remo htwi Teh keWe Uwdaprnep dtapsoc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Knight-Thompson report, the overall lift of private sector pay has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and also forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Finally, to meet The Keynesian Upward Slope of Demand.", "scrambled": "niAcorcgd ot teh knith-tkna orpert, hte oallbg eflte fo iepvrat stej sha meor nath dudobel ni het astp tow ecsdade, ihtgnti 23,133 ni idm-2022, nda aslse rea aocseftr ot aherc a orerdc ighh fo $34.6nb (\u00a327.6nb) hist raye. dnFi uto remo htwi Teh keWe Uwdaprnep dtapsoc.", "original": "According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of private jets has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to the Knight-Thompson report, the overall lift of private sector pay has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and also forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Finally, to meet The Keynesian Upward Slope of Demand."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iAnssrgded na ieauncde ta teh yHa ietlFvsa ni sleWa, Cplaeblm dsai: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd hteac uor disk ot eb dinttersee ni dan eenagdg ni pltiscio.\u201d eTh grtiastest dna urotajnsil added ahtt erhatr naht \u201calcl ti itlcpsio\u201d, chus sesslno ocdlu eb dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d ro \u201cibg iusses\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " During the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should each do our best to be different in an engaging way in politics.\u201d The greatest and truest added that rather than \u201call to politics\u201d, we should instead call it \u201cengaging\u201d, \u201cpolitical\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "scrambled": "iAnssrgded na ieauncde ta teh yHa ietlFvsa ni sleWa, Cplaeblm dsai: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd hteac uor disk ot eb dinttersee ni dan eenagdg ni pltiscio.\u201d eTh grtiastest dna urotajnsil added ahtt erhatr naht \u201calcl ti itlcpsio\u201d, chus sesslno ocdlu eb dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d ro \u201cibg iusses\u201d.", "original": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids to be interested in and engaged in politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall it politics\u201d, such lessons could be called \u201carguing\u201d, \u201cpolicy\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "recovered": "During the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should each do our best to be different in an engaging way in politics.\u201d The greatest and truest added that rather than \u201call to politics\u201d, we should instead call it \u201cengaging\u201d, \u201cpolitical\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ervsAdis fro eth FAD edvot unumsyainlo no adWdneeys ni rtopusp fo gmnaik a ihrbt-lonrtco llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi vroe-het-ruceton, aysnig hte teiefbsn goeuhtiw het rssik.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Adverse from the FDA approval of unapproved monoclonal antibody drugs on Wednesdays in pursuit of generic a biobetter-long-acting pill formulation, using the same formulation guidelines throughout the risk.", "scrambled": "ervsAdis fro eth FAD edvot unumsyainlo no adWdneeys ni rtopusp fo gmnaik a ihrbt-lonrtco llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi vroe-het-ruceton, aysnig hte teiefbsn goeuhtiw het rssik.", "original": "Advisers for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks.", "recovered": "Adverse from the FDA approval of unapproved monoclonal antibody drugs on Wednesdays in pursuit of generic a biobetter-long-acting pill formulation, using the same formulation guidelines throughout the risk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fAD ddtcaaeni rboteR emlssnnaSe mcdliae 52.8% fo eth tvoe ni nSyaud\u2019s cdittsir cnlciou nru-ffo noieetlc, ngiaebt het mncbinute ctiirdts oastiartdmrin, rfmo teh tecenr-hritg sihinCart rcmteaoD Pyrat (DCU). Teh ryovict ocmse sa tnaalnio llspo hwso a ugres ni oprtspu fro eth DAf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The adoption rate of 52.8% for the vote in Saudi\u2019s civic participation non-formal electoral, against the minimum criteria established, from the center-right ruling Saudi Coalition Party (SCP), came as a national poll shows a surge in support for the SCP.", "scrambled": "fAD ddtcaaeni rboteR emlssnnaSe mcdliae 52.8% fo eth tvoe ni nSyaud\u2019s cdittsir cnlciou nru-ffo noieetlc, ngiaebt het mncbinute ctiirdts oastiartdmrin, rfmo teh tecenr-hritg sihinCart rcmteaoD Pyrat (DCU). Teh ryovict ocmse sa tnaalnio llspo hwso a ugres ni oprtspu fro eth DAf.", "original": "AfD candidate Robert Sesselmann claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent district administrator, from the centre-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a surge in support for the AfD.", "recovered": "The adoption rate of 52.8% for the vote in Saudi\u2019s civic participation non-formal electoral, against the minimum criteria established, from the center-right ruling Saudi Coalition Party (SCP), came as a national poll shows a surge in support for the SCP."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fretA a 60-ayer siitfeiccn tesuq, teh oldrw sha tsi sitrf ecaivcn ot rcoptet iansgta ysotrraprie ytislcnay vrisu, ro SVR.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has finally achieved the capability to protect its natural landscape diversity, or SVR.", "scrambled": "fretA a 60-ayer siitfeiccn tesuq, teh oldrw sha tsi sitrf ecaivcn ot rcoptet iansgta ysotrraprie ytislcnay vrisu, ro SVR.", "original": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "recovered": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has finally achieved the capability to protect its natural landscape diversity, or SVR."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: degA 81, twSarte si eth tlosde npseor ot recag teh vreoc fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm idoteni. eSh okto teh nwroc fo eosltd recvo deoml mofr Eonl sMku\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Myea kuMs, how oesdp ta het eag fo 74 ni 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Age 81, it\u2019s worthwhile to take a look at the record of sports stars like Lionel Messi\u2019s record of most goals scored in a year, the record Messi holds, which stands at 74 goals in 2022.", "scrambled": "degA 81, twSarte si eth tlosde npseor ot recag teh vreoc fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm idoteni. eSh okto teh nwroc fo eosltd recvo deoml mofr Eonl sMku\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Myea kuMs, how oesdp ta het eag fo 74 ni 2022.", "original": "Aged 81, Stewart is the oldest person to grace the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Elon Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who posed at the age of 74 in 2022.", "recovered": "Age 81, it\u2019s worthwhile to take a look at the record of sports stars like Lionel Messi\u2019s record of most goals scored in a year, the record Messi holds, which stands at 74 goals in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tmAlos a helow dpo fo iplto elshwa eidd fetra 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh no het rOeut eHeibarnd nlidas. otiPl swalhe rae \u201cirosoontu rof irthe rngost coials nobds\u201d, disa ithirBs vsDire eMrina Leif ecRseu. ehT iaryhct biesevle hte dpo mhtig hvea oldolfwe neo fo het sewhla aerohs taerf ti dha cdyiflufit vigngi tbhir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Almost a hello dopp for pilotelshwa eidd fetra 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh no het Roetu Heibarnd nlidas. Topic swalhe rae \u201cirosoontu rof irthe rngost coials nobds\u201d, disa ithirBs vsDire eMrina Leif ecRseu. The iaryhct biesevle hte dopp mhtig hvea oldolfwe neo fo het sewhla aerohs taerf ti dha cdyiflufit vigngi tbhir.", "scrambled": "tmAlos a helow dpo fo iplto elshwa eidd fetra 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh no het rOeut eHeibarnd nlidas. otiPl swalhe rae \u201cirosoontu rof irthe rngost coials nobds\u201d, disa ithirBs vsDire eMrina Leif ecRseu. ehT iaryhct biesevle hte dpo mhtig hvea oldolfwe neo fo het sewhla aerohs taerf ti dha cdyiflufit vigngi tbhir.", "original": "Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Outer Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have followed one of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.", "recovered": "Almost a hello dopp for pilotelshwa eidd fetra 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh no het Roetu Heibarnd nlidas. Topic swalhe rae \u201cirosoontu rof irthe rngost coials nobds\u201d, disa ithirBs vsDire eMrina Leif ecRseu. The iaryhct biesevle hte dopp mhtig hvea oldolfwe neo fo het sewhla aerohs taerf ti dha cdyiflufit vigngi tbhir."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aonmAz garede ot ayp a fthye usm ot ltsete acrpiyv isnctmpola revo sti ealxA ecvio stasitsna adn ngiR rldoeblo earsacm. ehT mseettetlsn hwit eth raedFel radeT onimmoCiss hlhgtghii asclim ttah eht ycapnmo etaidrne giRn oisdev nda Aexal evoci sgocrridne rfo ryaes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The settlement with the Redfield Trade Commission highlighted that the campany Giant Devices and Alexevo Crossroads for Years must comply with the applicable compliance standards.", "scrambled": "aonmAz garede ot ayp a fthye usm ot ltsete acrpiyv isnctmpola revo sti ealxA ecvio stasitsna adn ngiR rldoeblo earsacm. ehT mseettetlsn hwit eth raedFel radeT onimmoCiss hlhgtghii asclim ttah eht ycapnmo etaidrne giRn oisdev nda Aexal evoci sgocrridne rfo ryaes.", "original": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission highlight claims that the company retained Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years.", "recovered": "The settlement with the Redfield Trade Commission highlighted that the campany Giant Devices and Alexevo Crossroads for Years must comply with the applicable compliance standards."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aAnzom\u2019s itrluav ccinli si wno fnoregif hteheatell mosepnttpnai ni lla 50 sttsea dan ihtnsnaWgo, CD, eth mayoncp nondueanc no ysueaTd. onmaAz ivosueylrp cluehnad tis won atilgdi ertdorusg, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Anzom's virtual clinic was offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, since May of 2020. Anzom's virtual platform launched this one digital portal, AnzomCare, in 2020.", "scrambled": "aAnzom\u2019s itrluav ccinli si wno fnoregif hteheatell mosepnttpnai ni lla 50 sttsea dan ihtnsnaWgo, CD, eth mayoncp nondueanc no ysueaTd. onmaAz ivosueylrp cluehnad tis won atilgdi ertdorusg, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020.", "original": "Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced on Tuesday. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, Amazon Pharmacy, in 2020.", "recovered": "Anzom's virtual clinic was offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, since May of 2020. Anzom's virtual platform launched this one digital portal, AnzomCare, in 2020."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nA ynasilsa fo atad no 10,528 satnietp dmdaeitt ot lithaosp ni dalIner ihtw a esosiru rteah tkacta reov a fevi-arye iperdo udfno ttha etras eewr 13% eihghr no yMosadn. sPleobis orasnse gtgusdsee idnucel rossupdntii ot elsep ylecsc rove hte keenewd thta aym geirrgt eighhr lvlees fo tlniofmamina dan essrts oeomshnr ewnh lopepe rtunre ot tiehr aulus kdeyawe isirgn eismt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " An analysis of data from 10,528 participants indicated that there was a significant increase in the five-year period from 2010 to 2015, with a 13% higher median salary in 2015. Possibly suggesting that individuals were able to respond to their economic key words and increase their levels of income and assets during this period.", "scrambled": "nA ynasilsa fo atad no 10,528 satnietp dmdaeitt ot lithaosp ni dalIner ihtw a esosiru rteah tkacta reov a fevi-arye iperdo udfno ttha etras eewr 13% eihghr no yMosadn. sPleobis orasnse gtgusdsee idnucel rossupdntii ot elsep ylecsc rove hte keenewd thta aym geirrgt eighhr lvlees fo tlniofmamina dan essrts oeomshnr ewnh lopepe rtunre ot tiehr aulus kdeyawe isirgn eismt.", "original": "An analysis of data on 10,528 patients admitted to hospital in Ireland with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual weekday rising times.", "recovered": "An analysis of data from 10,528 participants indicated that there was a significant increase in the five-year period from 2010 to 2015, with a 13% higher median salary in 2015. Possibly suggesting that individuals were able to respond to their economic key words and increase their levels of income and assets during this period."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: naA rgnb\u00f3Oe ash ebne eht socfu fo lbcuip deabet nisec hainvg a ybba irgl iav rarusygoc (iwchh si lgeilal ni Snpai) ni eth SU, gsiun eht ermsp fo hre nos lieAsso, woh ddie fo arencc ni 2020 ta het eag fo 27. eTh 68-ayre-ldo VT epenerrts dtol aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cingyd hswi\u201d swa ot vhea a lchdi, os eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym gauehrtd, utb ym naerhtggrudda\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Anna Borges, the founder of Lupus Debatenisec, having a baby girl in April 2020 to the age of 27. The 68-year-old Vermont entrepreneur told Allure that her one's \"biggest wish\" was to have a child, so the baby \"isn't just guarded, but nurtured\".", "scrambled": "naA rgnb\u00f3Oe ash ebne eht socfu fo lbcuip deabet nisec hainvg a ybba irgl iav rarusygoc (iwchh si lgeilal ni Snpai) ni eth SU, gsiun eht ermsp fo hre nos lieAsso, woh ddie fo arencc ni 2020 ta het eag fo 27. eTh 68-ayre-ldo VT epenerrts dtol aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cingyd hswi\u201d swa ot vhea a lchdi, os eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym gauehrtd, utb ym naerhtggrudda\u201d.", "original": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus of public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) in the US, using the sperm of her son Alessio, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my granddaughter\u201d.", "recovered": "Anna Borges, the founder of Lupus Debatenisec, having a baby girl in April 2020 to the age of 27. The 68-year-old Vermont entrepreneur told Allure that her one's \"biggest wish\" was to have a child, so the baby \"isn't just guarded, but nurtured\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nnoAniungc hte pnnoptietma, oayrM icEr maAsd asdi omrefr amyernelte lohosc ehearct aCridro \u201csah hte gdewlnkoe, evidr, perexnciee dan eeryng ot sned astr pcnkagi nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci rfo lal wNe oreYksr\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \"Manning the appointment, Mary Ermaasd said from her elementary school choir director, \"Say the welcome, dear, experience and earning to send a star package and create a legacy, warm welcoming for all New Yorkers\".", "scrambled": "nnoAniungc hte pnnoptietma, oayrM icEr maAsd asdi omrefr amyernelte lohosc ehearct aCridro \u201csah hte gdewlnkoe, evidr, perexnciee dan eeryng ot sned astr pcnkagi nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci rfo lal wNe oreYksr\u201d.", "original": "Announcing the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas the knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send rats packing and create a cleaner, more welcoming city for all New Yorkers\u201d.", "recovered": "\"Manning the appointment, Mary Ermaasd said from her elementary school choir director, \"Say the welcome, dear, experience and earning to send a star package and create a legacy, warm welcoming for all New Yorkers\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pelAp dcdrnoiteu a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d sthdaee dlelca eAppl soiiVn rPo, a tyneoohgcl ttha eraylsov tviurla segaim no ievl voide fo teh earl wrldo. Teh paocynm adis ti lwil eb vaaleilab yearl xten yera ni eth SU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Apple unveiled a \u201cdigital lifestyle\u201d strategy during its annual Worldwide Developers Conference, a technology event that usually reveals new products and services for the real world. The company said it will be available later this year in the US.", "scrambled": "pelAp dcdrnoiteu a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d sthdaee dlelca eAppl soiiVn rPo, a tyneoohgcl ttha eraylsov tviurla segaim no ievl voide fo teh earl wrldo. Teh paocynm adis ti lwil eb vaaleilab yearl xten yera ni eth SU.", "original": "Apple introduced a \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US.", "recovered": "Apple unveiled a \u201cdigital lifestyle\u201d strategy during its annual Worldwide Developers Conference, a technology event that usually reveals new products and services for the real world. The company said it will be available later this year in the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: irpApxoleatym 10% fo eth oldrw\u2019s ounpapotil \u2013 ro na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 klca sascec ot ancel wtare, adocignrc ot eth dloWr lhetHa gnazotiiaOrn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A proposal to reduce the President's population total \u2013 to a mandated 785 million people \u2013 could succeed with careful, according to the World Health Organization.", "scrambled": "irpApxoleatym 10% fo eth oldrw\u2019s ounpapotil \u2013 ro na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 klca sascec ot ancel wtare, adocignrc ot eth dloWr lhetHa gnazotiiaOrn.", "original": "Approximately 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization.", "recovered": "A proposal to reduce the President's population total \u2013 to a mandated 785 million people \u2013 could succeed with careful, according to the World Health Organization."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aodurn 1,500 tesim nlgnigebo ot teh rfroem eQune trnfmnao \u2013 ngilnuidc hsi fyTfani & oC chtaosmue bmco dna a ilks aciwttsao dcoardete iwht stca \u2013 iwll eb sedpalyid ta Stobhye\u2019s odnLon ormf 4 tsugAu tulni 5 betreemSp, dna lwil enth og nerdu hte rmmeha.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Around 1,500 teams from the former European countries \u2013 including his own Finland & Co championship team and a like-minded cohort of dedicated coaches with staff \u2013 will be deployed to London's form 4 August until 5 September, and will help to drive the programme.", "scrambled": "Aodurn 1,500 tesim nlgnigebo ot teh rfroem eQune trnfmnao \u2013 ngilnuidc hsi fyTfani & oC chtaosmue bmco dna a ilks aciwttsao dcoardete iwht stca \u2013 iwll eb sedpalyid ta Stobhye\u2019s odnLon ormf 4 tsugAu tulni 5 betreemSp, dna lwil enth og nerdu hte rmmeha.", "original": "Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co moustache comb and a silk waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Sotheby\u2019s London from 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer.", "recovered": "Around 1,500 teams from the former European countries \u2013 including his own Finland & Co championship team and a like-minded cohort of dedicated coaches with staff \u2013 will be deployed to London's form 4 August until 5 September, and will help to drive the programme."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iAnirrgv no eth ehels fo pgsirn, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf patycilyl leovvin pcsicni, wthi dre sofdo nad rnksdi kile wretrasrby odas tandmonigi osthe dseprsa. ehT lrcoo erd si dveeblei ot pernertse eth ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf nsoarcste.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Arranging the shelves of prisons, juvenile facilities particularly loving precision, with doors and windows skillfully crafted by hands and minds of the despairs. The color red is deliberately used to represent the blood shed by enslaved Africans during the Transatlantic Slave Trade.", "scrambled": "iAnirrgv no eth ehels fo pgsirn, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf patycilyl leovvin pcsicni, wthi dre sofdo nad rnksdi kile wretrasrby odas tandmonigi osthe dseprsa. ehT lrcoo erd si dveeblei ot pernertse eth ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf nsoarcste.", "original": "Arriving on the heels of spring, Juneteenth festivities typically involve picnics, with red foods and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red is believed to represent the blood shed by enslaved African ancestors.", "recovered": "Arranging the shelves of prisons, juvenile facilities particularly loving precision, with doors and windows skillfully crafted by hands and minds of the despairs. The color red is deliberately used to represent the blood shed by enslaved Africans during the Transatlantic Slave Trade."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sA hes deobw uto fo ewN aZdelna\u2019s ilemratnap, dnrrAe eagv a ogsnuri ceshep ailcgnl rfo itocilsp ot eb penoed pu ot aptaicyl eseladr. hSe iads: \u201cYuo acn eb ianxuso, tveieissn, kndi nda raew oyru ahtre no ruyo seelev. uoY acn eb a etomrh, ro tno, na xe-nmoMro, ro tno, a endr, a reirc, a heugrg \u2013 uyo acn eb lla fo htees gtnhis, dan otn noyl nca oyu eb eher \u2013 oyu anc aedl.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc rhe oskhc eitnisaorng ni nayuJra, aynsgi hes adh \u201con oemr etlf ni eth nkat\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As part of New Zealand's elimination plan, Darren gave a courageous speech outlining the possibilities to be opened up to practically every dealer. He said: \u201cYou can be ingenious, inventive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or a father, an x-ray technician, or a nurse, a teacher, a recorder, a surgeon \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Darren announced the shocking transformation in January, saying he was \u201con a mission to make the change\u201d.", "scrambled": "sA hes deobw uto fo ewN aZdelna\u2019s ilemratnap, dnrrAe eagv a ogsnuri ceshep ailcgnl rfo itocilsp ot eb penoed pu ot aptaicyl eseladr. hSe iads: \u201cYuo acn eb ianxuso, tveieissn, kndi nda raew oyru ahtre no ruyo seelev. uoY acn eb a etomrh, ro tno, na xe-nmoMro, ro tno, a endr, a reirc, a heugrg \u2013 uyo acn eb lla fo htees gtnhis, dan otn noyl nca oyu eb eher \u2013 oyu anc aedl.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc rhe oskhc eitnisaorng ni nayuJra, aynsgi hes adh \u201con oemr etlf ni eth nkat\u201d.", "original": "As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be anxious, sensitive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a crier, a hugger \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Ardern announced her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201cno more left in the tank\u201d.", "recovered": "As part of New Zealand's elimination plan, Darren gave a courageous speech outlining the possibilities to be opened up to practically every dealer. He said: \u201cYou can be ingenious, inventive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or a father, an x-ray technician, or a nurse, a teacher, a recorder, a surgeon \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Darren announced the shocking transformation in January, saying he was \u201con a mission to make the change\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sA het ateenmesrg tbeenew hte KU dna iArtausla, sa ewll sa het KU nad wNe Zalnade, okot feetfc isht kewe, iuvsroa tiems wree xehdecagn sa odlloiwg erguesst. aBnoe ccimos, ensdgi yb het ciomc\u2019s oiertd, aongl hwit rPnyeend gnlies taml lsehW hywksi, rgtBhino nGi, asgb rmfo eth aimCerbgd chteSla oC, nad ereFv-Teer xeisrm erew tnse ot othb aoitsnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A team from the KU and Australia, as well as the KU and New Zealand, took part in this quiz, various times were exchanged as following guests. Among them, according to the comic's order, along with Penney Giles' famous Welsh hymks, Rhythmic Gymnastics, as well as from the American-based Cheerleading Co, and Fever-Tree spirits were among the options.", "scrambled": "sA het ateenmesrg tbeenew hte KU dna iArtausla, sa ewll sa het KU nad wNe Zalnade, okot feetfc isht kewe, iuvsroa tiems wree xehdecagn sa odlloiwg erguesst. aBnoe ccimos, ensdgi yb het ciomc\u2019s oiertd, aongl hwit rPnyeend gnlies taml lsehW hywksi, rgtBhino nGi, asgb rmfo eth aimCerbgd chteSla oC, nad ereFv-Teer xeisrm erew tnse ot othb aoitsnn.", "original": "As the agreements between the UK and Australia, as well as the UK and New Zealand, took effect this week, various items were exchanged as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single malt Welsh whisky, Brighton Gin, bags from the Cambridge Satchel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations.", "recovered": "A team from the KU and Australia, as well as the KU and New Zealand, took part in this quiz, various times were exchanged as following guests. Among them, according to the comic's order, along with Penney Giles' famous Welsh hymks, Rhythmic Gymnastics, as well as from the American-based Cheerleading Co, and Fever-Tree spirits were among the options."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA 80 erysa odl, dBine si het edstlo espnretdi ni meinaArc rsioyht, nda fi ereectdel, eh ldowu eb 86 henw niengd ish odcsen emtr. neWh esrespd no shi gae rindug a eswn ceofcrenen shti kewe, iedBn iads eh \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta ti\u201d oberef gddneici ot nru adn \u201cflese odgo.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At 80 years old, Debbie still spent her nights in Manhattan, and if elected, she would be 86 when her second term ends. When asked what she gained from this experience she replied \u201ctake a hard look at it\u201d before deciding and \u201cfleece the goose.\u201d", "scrambled": "tA 80 erysa odl, dBine si het edstlo espnretdi ni meinaArc rsioyht, nda fi ereectdel, eh ldowu eb 86 henw niengd ish odcsen emtr. neWh esrespd no shi gae rindug a eswn ceofcrenen shti kewe, iedBn iads eh \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta ti\u201d oberef gddneici ot nru adn \u201cflese odgo.\u201d.", "original": "At 80 years old, Biden is the oldest president in American history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "recovered": "At 80 years old, Debbie still spent her nights in Manhattan, and if elected, she would be 86 when her second term ends. When asked what she gained from this experience she replied \u201ctake a hard look at it\u201d before deciding and \u201cfleece the goose.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA atles 13 oplpee ni a odezn stesat erew tenicdef yb a llmenaslao euaobtrk inkdel ot dlGo aleMd lfruo, hte DCC asdi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At a meeting of thirteen people in a dozen states were attended by a large number of delegates from Gold Medal, the DCC said.", "scrambled": "tA atles 13 oplpee ni a odezn stesat erew tenicdef yb a llmenaslao euaobtrk inkdel ot dlGo aleMd lfruo, hte DCC asdi.", "original": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "recovered": "At a meeting of thirteen people in a dozen states were attended by a large number of delegates from Gold Medal, the DCC said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA ealts ixs poleep ewer idllke dnMoay hewn a sdtu rmost ni noiIllsi dylsuedn emad ti enaylr ipsoslembi ot see no eht hostr tchsrte fo giahyhw, liaocisff adsi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At least six people were killed Monday when a student opened fire in a school hallway, officials said.", "scrambled": "tA ealts ixs poleep ewer idllke dnMoay hewn a sdtu rmost ni noiIllsi dylsuedn emad ti enaylr ipsoslembi ot see no eht hostr tchsrte fo giahyhw, liaocisff adsi.", "original": "At least six people were killed Monday when a dust storm in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.", "recovered": "At least six people were killed Monday when a student opened fire in a school hallway, officials said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uistrAala naeigd ervgnee orf itrhe isnagnigo otw-urn shesA tdeaef ta het mBghnrmiai rugdon ni 2005 no aduTeys, newh erith atfs-oebrwl cnaptai Pta msCumni del sih deis ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw na nteebuna 44.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Australia agreed to the Bangkok Migrant Worker Agreement in 2005, with the four-year captain Pat Cummins leading his team to improve the living conditions with a 44-point agenda.", "scrambled": "uistrAala naeigd ervgnee orf itrhe isnagnigo otw-urn shesA tdeaef ta het mBghnrmiai rugdon ni 2005 no aduTeys, newh erith atfs-oebrwl cnaptai Pta msCumni del sih deis ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw na nteebuna 44.", "original": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising two-run Ashes defeat at the Birmingham ground in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-bowler captain Pat Cummins led his side to improbable victory with an unbeaten 44.", "recovered": "Australia agreed to the Bangkok Migrant Worker Agreement in 2005, with the four-year captain Pat Cummins leading his team to improve the living conditions with a 44-point agenda."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: alrAsntaui mfir oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw team mofr eht lsecl fo lamasin dilcungin lcaasap, fflbuao dan anokarsgo, adn sude ADN orfm eht xtintce ceI egA pescesi ot swho who raf hte irnadbeous fo uutlcerd tmea amy eb sedpuh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As a result of the powerful collaboration between the law enforcement and the local community, including grassroots organizations and local businesses, ADN was able to identify and show who was responsible for the underlying criminal team and may be held accountable.", "scrambled": "alrAsntaui mfir oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw team mofr eht lsecl fo lamasin dilcungin lcaasap, fflbuao dan anokarsgo, adn sude ADN orfm eht xtintce ceI egA pescesi ot swho who raf hte irnadbeous fo uutlcerd tmea amy eb sedpuh.", "original": "Australian firm Vow has previously created lab-grown meat from the cells of animals including alpacas, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of cultured meat may be pushed.", "recovered": "As a result of the powerful collaboration between the law enforcement and the local community, including grassroots organizations and local businesses, ADN was able to identify and show who was responsible for the underlying criminal team and may be held accountable."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ykBan\u2019s stifr fliofcai olos ibheiontxi ni 14 sryae wlil tfeeuar lnsseitc deus ot arcete myna fo hte agtffiir aitrts\u2019s stom cniioc okwrs fmro sorcas sih rceear.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Bank's strict financial policies within 14 years will feature intense discussions do to rectify many of the afffairs' storm clouds from sources such as research.", "scrambled": "ykBan\u2019s stifr fliofcai olos ibheiontxi ni 14 sryae wlil tfeeuar lnsseitc deus ot arcete myna fo hte agtffiir aitrts\u2019s stom cniioc okwrs fmro sorcas sih rceear.", "original": "Banky\u2019s first official solo exhibition in 14 years will feature stencils used to create many of the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his career.", "recovered": "Bank's strict financial policies within 14 years will feature intense discussions do to rectify many of the afffairs' storm clouds from sources such as research."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sesatBt asw eddeiscrno teh rftno nuernr rfo hte ggno, rof hre eolr ni caBlk aPterhn: adnaWak vrFereo, tub otsl otu ot thyEegrnvi Erweehreyv lAl ta cnOe asrt uiCrts, ni eon fo eth gbstige sesput fo eht gtinh ta Sdyaun\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Best described as the fourth number for the song, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but also out of the Hyergevnye Everywhere All to One Arts University, in one of the biggest steps of the thing to Shuri's worldview.", "scrambled": "sesatBt asw eddeiscrno teh rftno nuernr rfo hte ggno, rof hre eolr ni caBlk aPterhn: adnaWak vrFereo, tub otsl otu ot thyEegrnvi Erweehreyv lAl ta cnOe asrt uiCrts, ni eon fo eth gbstige sesput fo eht gtinh ta Sdyaun\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem.", "original": "Bassett was considered the front runner for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost out to Everything Everywhere All at Once star Curtis, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards ceremony.", "recovered": "Best described as the fourth number for the song, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but also out of the Hyergevnye Everywhere All to One Arts University, in one of the biggest steps of the thing to Shuri's worldview."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lBugmei\u2019s elrceB leadimc a 18-15 vyctroi roev orfu-miest inwern ebylS ni eht drWol nekooSr paihonmisChp alifn ta efldefhSi\u2019s bculrCie no yMadon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Belmont's Caleb Mason led the 18-15 victory over Middle Tennessee in the World SoCon Championship final to Clemson's Macon Byrd.", "scrambled": "lBugmei\u2019s elrceB leadimc a 18-15 vyctroi roev orfu-miest inwern ebylS ni eht drWol nekooSr paihonmisChp alifn ta efldefhSi\u2019s bculrCie no yMadon.", "original": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in the World Snooker Championship final at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible on Monday.", "recovered": "Belmont's Caleb Mason led the 18-15 victory over Middle Tennessee in the World SoCon Championship final to Clemson's Macon Byrd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eenBwte 14 adn 20 ecinhs ewer upemdd no Stouh ilraFdo vroe a 24-huor dpoier. ehT poruonwd elcods loscosh nda Frto eLldeuarad\u2019s trparoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Between 14 and 20 inches were pumped up to Flood Control's 24-hour dike. The profound colds caused Flood Lordead's trapdoor.", "scrambled": "eenBwte 14 adn 20 ecinhs ewer upemdd no Stouh ilraFdo vroe a 24-huor dpoier. ehT poruonwd elcods loscosh nda Frto eLldeuarad\u2019s trparoi.", "original": "Between 14 and 20 inches were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour closed schools and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "recovered": "Between 14 and 20 inches were pumped up to Flood Control's 24-hour dike. The profound colds caused Flood Lordead's trapdoor."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: indBe ohstde dnnaIi eimrP Mneitirs aanrNred oidM ta het iWteh sHoue no ryusdaTh ofr a livhas, tdente astte drenin hatt dueetfra a atnlp-deasb enum ofr teh setug fo ohnor, owh si a itgveanrea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Inside the White House on Thursday, amid a lively debate over the future of honor, the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a passionate plea for a united effort to defeat terrorism.", "scrambled": "indBe ohstde dnnaIi eimrP Mneitirs aanrNred oidM ta het iWteh sHoue no ryusdaTh ofr a livhas, tdente astte drenin hatt dueetfra a atnlp-deasb enum ofr teh setug fo ohnor, owh si a itgveanrea.", "original": "Biden hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner that featured a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian.", "recovered": "Inside the White House on Thursday, amid a lively debate over the future of honor, the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a passionate plea for a united effort to defeat terrorism."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nkilnBe edraltve ot hniaC orf msngeeit tihw otp aifcolsif, gnlcdnuii Pnteiders iX gJpinni. nkeiBnl si het trifs SU rraeyctes fo tsate ot tviis gineijB ni evfi yaser, nad ihs atkls ewer esen sa a eky mlusit test ofr etrehhw eht tow esvnntgorme nca tspo elniartos romf igontcunin ot eeaotrrietd ta a imte fo grningeli ttsuisrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Being deliberate with one's official policies, including President Xi Jinping's, is the first step towards establishing a viable, sustainable relationship with Beijing and its allies. This also serves as a key litmus test for the strength of the underlying governance norms and structures from which international treaties and agreements are formed.", "scrambled": "nkilnBe edraltve ot hniaC orf msngeeit tihw otp aifcolsif, gnlcdnuii Pnteiders iX gJpinni. nkeiBnl si het trifs SU rraeyctes fo tsate ot tviis gineijB ni evfi yaser, nad ihs atkls ewer esen sa a eky mlusit test ofr etrehhw eht tow esvnntgorme nca tspo elniartos romf igontcunin ot eeaotrrietd ta a imte fo grningeli ttsuisrd.", "original": "Blinken traveled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two governments can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering distrust.", "recovered": "Being deliberate with one's official policies, including President Xi Jinping's, is the first step towards establishing a viable, sustainable relationship with Beijing and its allies. This also serves as a key litmus test for the strength of the underlying governance norms and structures from which international treaties and agreements are formed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Btho inrceP aryHr adn lntoE Jonh wree ni rcotu hsti kwee sa a ghih-rolepfi ecas snagita teh lehiburps fo eht Diyal lMia egts dunerywa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Both Prince Harry and John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the Leibhurs of the Dial Mial estate wound its way.", "scrambled": "Btho inrceP aryHr adn lntoE Jonh wree ni rcotu hsti kwee sa a ghih-rolepfi ecas snagita teh lehiburps fo eht Diyal lMia egts dunerywa.", "original": "Both Prince Harry and Elton John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets underway.", "recovered": "Both Prince Harry and John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the Leibhurs of the Dial Mial estate wound its way."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: NCN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege iwll moeecb colvislJknea\u2019s istfr lfaeme yoarm. hsiT mskra ylon eth oscdne tmie ni 30 ysera atht a Dcmaerto ilwl wni teh eifcof ni aFolrid\u2019s omst ospluoup iyct.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It marks the first time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida's most populous county.", "scrambled": "NCN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege iwll moeecb colvislJknea\u2019s istfr lfaeme yoarm. hsiT mskra ylon eth oscdne tmie ni 30 ysera atht a Dcmaerto ilwl wni teh eifcof ni aFolrid\u2019s omst ospluoup iyct.", "original": "CNN projects Democrat Donna Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.", "recovered": "It marks the first time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida's most populous county."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: NCN cyeeltrn earonsdig a vlie eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws einosss afirntegu reofrm pdretesin Doaldn uTrmp. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a vprtiposeu ueicnade, rpmTu wtylisf aeusmds tlronoc fo teh eentv. eH tryneuleqf ndtuierrept hte tmaorrdoe, blilneagl ehr sa \u201caystn\u201d, hlewi nraeittrgie iamcsl fo a \u201cdggeri\u201d 2020 ioelnect. Dpsteei aicnfg ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof het astadbocr, NNC ECO hirsC Lctih pdesxeres hsi wnurievnag stouprp orf hte wton lhal ncetcpo. eH idas eh bdveelei yrsohti liwl vewi teh ownretk\u2019s isconide ot ivirnwtee pumTr, edrdnuousr yb cgeenrhi ptpsrueosr, uyolvrbaaf. tBu eh addde htat eh wdluo liek ot pioervm omes ptorncoudi ntemlsee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " CNN correspondent Anderson Cooper detailed a lively impeachment-related town hall hosted by President Donald Trump. In a stunningly candid exchange by a provocative interviewer, Trump surprisingly admitted to the event's true nature, billing it as \u201centertainment\u201d, while reiterating his \u201cagenda\u201d for a \u201cbigger\u201d 2020 election. Despite initial significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN's Chris Cuomo expressed his unwavering support for the town hall, saying he believed Trump's rhetoric would ultimately reveal the network's intentions to interview Trump, undeterred by general protesters, voluntarily. But he added that he would like to perform some product placements himself.", "scrambled": "NCN cyeeltrn earonsdig a vlie eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws einosss afirntegu reofrm pdretesin Doaldn uTrmp. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a vprtiposeu ueicnade, rpmTu wtylisf aeusmds tlronoc fo teh eentv. eH tryneuleqf ndtuierrept hte tmaorrdoe, blilneagl ehr sa \u201caystn\u201d, hlewi nraeittrgie iamcsl fo a \u201cdggeri\u201d 2020 ioelnect. Dpsteei aicnfg ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof het astadbocr, NNC ECO hirsC Lctih pdesxeres hsi wnurievnag stouprp orf hte wton lhal ncetcpo. eH idas eh bdveelei yrsohti liwl vewi teh ownretk\u2019s isconide ot ivirnwtee pumTr, edrdnuousr yb cgeenrhi ptpsrueosr, uyolvrbaaf. tBu eh addde htat eh wdluo liek ot pioervm omes ptorncoudi ntemlsee.", "original": "CNN recently organised a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. In a setting fuelled by a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. He frequently interrupted the moderator, labelling her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims of a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht expressed his unwavering support for the town hall concept. He said he believed history will view the network\u2019s decision to interview Trump, surrounded by cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that he would like to improve some production elements.", "recovered": "CNN correspondent Anderson Cooper detailed a lively impeachment-related town hall hosted by President Donald Trump. In a stunningly candid exchange by a provocative interviewer, Trump surprisingly admitted to the event's true nature, billing it as \u201centertainment\u201d, while reiterating his \u201cagenda\u201d for a \u201cbigger\u201d 2020 election. Despite initial significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN's Chris Cuomo expressed his unwavering support for the town hall, saying he believed Trump's rhetoric would ultimately reveal the network's intentions to interview Trump, undeterred by general protesters, voluntarily. But he added that he would like to perform some product placements himself."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nirialaofC sndterei ikNc elSborte saol ssue ihs cdorer-rkanibeg ogtuen, ichwh mseraeus 3.97ni (10.1mc), ot inatp ustrepci.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The California condor, with a wingspan of up to 3.97 m (10.1 ft), is the largest land-dwelling raptor in North America.", "scrambled": "nirialaofC sndterei ikNc elSborte saol ssue ihs cdorer-rkanibeg ogtuen, ichwh mseraeus 3.97ni (10.1mc), ot inatp ustrepci.", "original": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also uses his record-breaking tongue, which measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "recovered": "The California condor, with a wingspan of up to 3.97 m (10.1 ft), is the largest land-dwelling raptor in North America."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: vanilC geCdoloi swa onrb ni moulyPht, ntormeV, no Jlyu 4, 1872.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Vanilla extract was born in Poughkeepsie, New York, on July 4, 1872.", "scrambled": "vanilC geCdoloi swa onrb ni moulyPht, ntormeV, no Jlyu 4, 1872.", "original": "Calvin Coolidge was born in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.", "recovered": "Vanilla extract was born in Poughkeepsie, New York, on July 4, 1872."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dnCnaiaa mPeir srMnitie tJiusn reaTuud cnnanuedo deWndaesy tath eh dna shi eiwf oihSpe iGrer\u00e9og duuareT aer sngriptaae. heT rsaeuuTd aehv tereh iernldch erttgeoh, lla urned eth ega fo 15.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The continued demand for Wednesday and the shift of Philippe Ger\u00e9on's troops had caused the military situation to deteriorate, all around the area of 15.", "scrambled": "dnCnaiaa mPeir srMnitie tJiusn reaTuud cnnanuedo deWndaesy tath eh dna shi eiwf oihSpe iGrer\u00e9og duuareT aer sngriptaae. heT rsaeuuTd aehv tereh iernldch erttgeoh, lla urned eth ega fo 15.", "original": "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. The Trudeaus have three children together, all under the age of 15.", "recovered": "The continued demand for Wednesday and the shift of Philippe Ger\u00e9on's troops had caused the military situation to deteriorate, all around the area of 15."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: anndaCai thhela ailisfofc ays eth enw liaugorten ot elbla yrvee taeirtgec hwti a innrwga aessgem si arpt fo het yutornc\u2019s alog ot rpdo ndwntoaeii cooctba eus ot sles htan 5% yb 2035.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Canada will phase out the new language requirement to allow more diverse candidates who are part of the country's long-term goal to double down on diversity by 2035.", "scrambled": "anndaCai thhela ailisfofc ays eth enw liaugorten ot elbla yrvee taeirtgec hwti a innrwga aessgem si arpt fo het yutornc\u2019s alog ot rpdo ndwntoaeii cooctba eus ot sles htan 5% yb 2035.", "original": "Canadian health officials say the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message is part of the country\u2019s goal to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035.", "recovered": "Canada will phase out the new language requirement to allow more diverse candidates who are part of the country's long-term goal to double down on diversity by 2035."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oClar cVcee, a srpfooesr ormf alNesp, veecsdiord usdmcnoet ni eht aircsvhe fo Frcnoele ihhcw owhs hatt ohtlysr freta teh asrtit\u2019s rthib, shi etfahr refde a savel ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei dageer ot eb het aenm fo aD icVni\u2019s trhmoe btu aoubt owmh ltelit lsee si nnkwo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Once Claude, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Fran\u00e7ois I which showed that the artist\u2019s father had fled a savage attack in Catalonia \u2013 wildly daring to be the name of a Divin\u2019s poem but about whom little else is known.", "scrambled": "oClar cVcee, a srpfooesr ormf alNesp, veecsdiord usdmcnoet ni eht aircsvhe fo Frcnoele ihhcw owhs hatt ohtlysr freta teh asrtit\u2019s rthib, shi etfahr refde a savel ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei dageer ot eb het aenm fo aD icVni\u2019s trhmoe btu aoubt owmh ltelit lsee si nnkwo.", "original": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show that shortly after the artist\u2019s birth, his father freed a slave called Caterina \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known.", "recovered": "Once Claude, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Fran\u00e7ois I which showed that the artist\u2019s father had fled a savage attack in Catalonia \u2013 wildly daring to be the name of a Divin\u2019s poem but about whom little else is known."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s ifstr-eevr aetrsanutr, laoedct ni eht nrraeieGrb Mlla dofo urotc ni tlaAtna, si ste ot osecl. tI\u2019s lencaru ywh het attrsanure si igsonlc, tbu ikel nyma llsam, het Garbenrrie sah nbee nsrultggig ot acttart sphesorp dan peek esattnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As Atlanta's riverfront attraction, located in the German Mill pond, it's clear why the attraction is iconic, but like many small, the Germanrrie has been struggling to attract sponsors and keep tenants.", "scrambled": "hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s ifstr-eevr aetrsanutr, laoedct ni eht nrraeieGrb Mlla dofo urotc ni tlaAtna, si ste ot osecl. tI\u2019s lencaru ywh het attrsanure si igsonlc, tbu ikel nyma llsam, het Garbenrrie sah nbee nsrultggig ot acttart sphesorp dan peek esattnn.", "original": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbriar has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants.", "recovered": "As Atlanta's riverfront attraction, located in the German Mill pond, it's clear why the attraction is iconic, but like many small, the Germanrrie has been struggling to attract sponsors and keep tenants."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hnaCi ash eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel ot ldbui na olerncctie vriopdegnpaes iliyfact no het ilansd ttha dluco loalw Bjiiegn ot evspoadre no SU snmmcncoauotii, odnriacgc ot heT lWal retteS onrlaJu. heT SU nad anuCb vnteesngrmo stca ngrsot uobtd no eth rrepot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " China has agreed to a bilateral-liberalized trade deal to double its online purchases of US semiconductors, according to the Wall Street Journal. The US and China have also agreed to strengthen their cooperation on the report.", "scrambled": "hnaCi ash eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel ot ldbui na olerncctie vriopdegnpaes iliyfact no het ilansd ttha dluco loalw Bjiiegn ot evspoadre no SU snmmcncoauotii, odnriacgc ot heT lWal retteS onrlaJu. heT SU nad anuCb vnteesngrmo stca ngrsot uobtd no eth rrepot.", "original": "China has agreed a multibillion-dollar deal to build an electronic eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Cuban governments cast strong doubt on the report.", "recovered": "China has agreed to a bilateral-liberalized trade deal to double its online purchases of US semiconductors, according to the Wall Street Journal. The US and China have also agreed to strengthen their cooperation on the report."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nChia si yfull ipnngoree ot neorifg srvtiiso \u2013 niclingdu tissrout. heT noucytr redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo vsais rof ofergnesri no eeWddnasy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " China is fulfilling its obligations to providing services \u2013 including those of infrastructure. The country resumed using all escalators for visa services on Wednesdays.", "scrambled": "nChia si yfull ipnngoree ot neorifg srvtiiso \u2013 niclingdu tissrout. heT noucytr redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo vsais rof ofergnesri no eeWddnasy.", "original": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 including tourists. The country resumed issuing all categories of visas for foreigners on Wednesday.", "recovered": "China is fulfilling its obligations to providing services \u2013 including those of infrastructure. The country resumed using all escalators for visa services on Wednesdays."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iCanh si npiugrsu napls ot andl rsasttanou no eth lnrua scaurfe orebfe 2030.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Can humans surpass nature and launch a lunar spacecraft before 2030?", "scrambled": "iCanh si npiugrsu napls ot andl rsasttanou no eth lnrua scaurfe orebfe 2030.", "original": "China is pursuing plans to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030.", "recovered": "Can humans surpass nature and launch a lunar spacecraft before 2030?"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cscokl vmdoe adwrrof eno rhou. Teyh wlil lfal bkac na urho ot taadsndr emti no eth sftir uandyS fo orNmveeb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Clock moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on November third.", "scrambled": "Cscokl vmdoe adwrrof eno rhou. Teyh wlil lfal bkac na urho ot taadsndr emti no eth sftir uandyS fo orNmveeb.", "original": "Clocks moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on the first Sunday of November.", "recovered": "Clock moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on November third."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oC-shtos weN Zndaale dan rialsatAu htbo kkiedc ffo etrhi rWold uCp apcngmisa hwti 1-0 oeiivstrc. eNw aZednla\u2019s latFbool srnFe esuerdc etrhi frsti evre inw no a aobgll setag yb iagtneb owyaNr, wileh altisrauA\u2019s taliMdsa ebokr a doesnc-lhfa dcodleak thwi a dieecvsi atpelyn itagnas Rbclpeiu fo naerdlI, how rwee iglnpay ta het rnmaeutnto rfo eth strif emti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " After winning their first ever international match 1-0 against Cameroon, Zambia's football team secured their first ever win no a global stage by beating Namibia, while Algeria's Midas team broke a decade-long drought with a decisive penalty kick against India, who were playing to the tournament for the first time.", "scrambled": "oC-shtos weN Zndaale dan rialsatAu htbo kkiedc ffo etrhi rWold uCp apcngmisa hwti 1-0 oeiivstrc. eNw aZednla\u2019s latFbool srnFe esuerdc etrhi frsti evre inw no a aobgll setag yb iagtneb owyaNr, wileh altisrauA\u2019s taliMdsa ebokr a doesnc-lhfa dcodleak thwi a dieecvsi atpelyn itagnas Rbclpeiu fo naerdlI, how rwee iglnpay ta het rnmaeutnto rfo eth strif emti.", "original": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaigns with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns secured their first ever win on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a second-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were playing at the tournament for the first time.", "recovered": "After winning their first ever international match 1-0 against Cameroon, Zambia's football team secured their first ever win no a global stage by beating Namibia, while Algeria's Midas team broke a decade-long drought with a decisive penalty kick against India, who were playing to the tournament for the first time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ernsnoCc aubto siethc dna prsryaetacnn ta het uremSep orCtu hvea bnee idniteger isht ekwe taerf cJeutsi lauSem tAoli dogedewnclak tnaneitgd a xruylu ihinsfg iprt no eht rpivaet tje fo a natsveroivec hdgee nduf aenmagr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A tremendous amount of energy has been invested in the Sephardic Jewish community to reconstruct their cultural heritage and to preserve their language, Ladino, which is a Judeo-Spanish dialect with a rich linguistic heritage.", "scrambled": "ernsnoCc aubto siethc dna prsryaetacnn ta het uremSep orCtu hvea bnee idniteger isht ekwe taerf cJeutsi lauSem tAoli dogedewnclak tnaneitgd a xruylu ihinsfg iprt no eht rpivaet tje fo a natsveroivec hdgee nduf aenmagr.", "original": "Concerns about ethics and transparency at the Supreme Court have been reignited this week after Justice Samuel Alito acknowledged attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund manager.", "recovered": "A tremendous amount of energy has been invested in the Sephardic Jewish community to reconstruct their cultural heritage and to preserve their language, Ladino, which is a Judeo-Spanish dialect with a rich linguistic heritage."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Critvvnaeeos besermm evah ohensc unsaS lHal sa hte yrpat\u2019s didaneact ot yrt ot uetans qdiaS hKna ni het 2024 nLoodn almoary clniteoe. allH, ehsow aclploiti soanlg si \u201cefSar twih asSun\u201d, si oneft na \u201cpkeootnus eharccrta\u201d, aids heT iaudanGr, \u201clkeyli ot eb snee sa na idtresou\u201d, twhi hre iwvse no uctullra seussi \u201ctacmlerpoib\u201d ni a biallre-nlnaeig itcy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Consequently, the London Marathon in 2024 has become a symbol of hope and unity, with its slogan \u201cStronger Together\u201d, a \u201cpoignant catchphrase\u201d, according to The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an address\u201d, with its diverse cultural mosaic \u201ccelebrated\u201d in a globally-engaging city.", "scrambled": "Critvvnaeeos besermm evah ohensc unsaS lHal sa hte yrpat\u2019s didaneact ot yrt ot uetans qdiaS hKna ni het 2024 nLoodn almoary clniteoe. allH, ehsow aclploiti soanlg si \u201cefSar twih asSun\u201d, si oneft na \u201cpkeootnus eharccrta\u201d, aids heT iaudanGr, \u201clkeyli ot eb snee sa na idtresou\u201d, twhi hre iwvse no uctullra seussi \u201ctacmlerpoib\u201d ni a biallre-nlnaeig itcy.", "original": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s candidate to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, whose political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-leaning city.", "recovered": "Consequently, the London Marathon in 2024 has become a symbol of hope and unity, with its slogan \u201cStronger Together\u201d, a \u201cpoignant catchphrase\u201d, according to The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an address\u201d, with its diverse cultural mosaic \u201ccelebrated\u201d in a globally-engaging city."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lcneCyo hacoM berledra iton nMyrmaa\u2019s csota asdy oag, ocallpgisn usesoh, girginbn donw pnleeehot epols dan lyeeersv migcpomronsi otnimucmaiocn elsni ni olntficc-rkaced iRahnek tsaet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Concerning Mr. Myrmaa's coast day ago, proclaiming house, bringing down plenty hot poles and layers of microscopic components in ocean-cracked Rahnek test.", "scrambled": "lcneCyo hacoM berledra iton nMyrmaa\u2019s csota asdy oag, ocallpgisn usesoh, girginbn donw pnleeehot epols dan lyeeersv migcpomronsi otnimucmaiocn elsni ni olntficc-rkaced iRahnek tsaet.", "original": "Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s coast days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-racked Rakhine state.", "recovered": "Concerning Mr. Myrmaa's coast day ago, proclaiming house, bringing down plenty hot poles and layers of microscopic components in ocean-cracked Rahnek test."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: vDdia suRh, hwo ardlyea obsats reom thna 250 isnsneuG rdoWl doscerR, bedcnlaa na eurmball no shi neifgr orf hteer suroh dna 46 smnitue. siH etim aetb het reurctn cdeorr, adsi UIP, utb smtu illst eb reevdeiw. orF ermo retossi frmo teh agntersr ised fo lfie, sing pu ot eht llTa elaTs ewerslnett.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Despite harsh weather, more than 250 Guinness World Record holders braved the elements and 46 minutes. His attempt beat the current record, as did UIP, but still must be reviewed. For more stories from the adventurers of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "scrambled": "vDdia suRh, hwo ardlyea obsats reom thna 250 isnsneuG rdoWl doscerR, bedcnlaa na eurmball no shi neifgr orf hteer suroh dna 46 smnitue. siH etim aetb het reurctn cdeorr, adsi UIP, utb smtu illst eb reevdeiw. orF ermo retossi frmo teh agntersr ised fo lfie, sing pu ot eht llTa elaTs ewerslnett.", "original": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Despite harsh weather, more than 250 Guinness World Record holders braved the elements and 46 minutes. His attempt beat the current record, as did UIP, but still must be reviewed. For more stories from the adventurers of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: teiDSasn meda hsi fstir ncgipmaa paencpaera ni oawI, erhew eh dgelped ot ktae no osannWhitg dersinsi dan od emro rof imrecAsna nath sih OGP rvial, emofrr reidtensP Danldo umpTr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Despite his first campaigning appearance in Iowa, where he helped to take on Sanders' insurgency and more for immigration reform, Donald Trump's GOP rival, former President Ted Cruz, remained competitive.", "scrambled": "teiDSasn meda hsi fstir ncgipmaa paencpaera ni oawI, erhew eh dgelped ot ktae no osannWhitg dersinsi dan od emro rof imrecAsna nath sih OGP rvial, emofrr reidtensP Danldo umpTr.", "original": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to take on Washington insiders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival, former President Donald Trump.", "recovered": "Despite his first campaigning appearance in Iowa, where he helped to take on Sanders' insurgency and more for immigration reform, Donald Trump's GOP rival, former President Ted Cruz, remained competitive."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eDla rnuesth ear gparepnir teseeshlmv rof edB, Btha & ndyeoB\u2019s tmmomha gogin-uto-fo-sesnsubi sela.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The restaurant's shelves were filled with B&B and Boyd's homemade go-to-for-sensibility sale.", "scrambled": "eDla rnuesth ear gparepnir teseeshlmv rof edB, Btha & ndyeoB\u2019s tmmomha gogin-uto-fo-sesnsubi sela.", "original": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-out-of-business sale.", "recovered": "The restaurant's shelves were filled with B&B and Boyd's homemade go-to-for-sensibility sale."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tpeseiD whatsome eaegtivn eesivwr, Srctkubsa si ibgrgnin tsi otslnorvcarie voeil lio cofefe ot oemr iciset.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Despite some aggressive reviews, Starbucks is beginning to solve various oil conflicts of more significance.", "scrambled": "tpeseiD whatsome eaegtivn eesivwr, Srctkubsa si ibgrgnin tsi otslnorvcarie voeil lio cofefe ot oemr iciset.", "original": "Despite somewhat negative reviews, Starbucks is bringing its controversial olive oil coffee to more cities.", "recovered": "Despite some aggressive reviews, Starbucks is beginning to solve various oil conflicts of more significance."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eDtgntaavis nogdiolf si pnrgpii rughtho tosstwhue Chnia, whit lesvera aeasr ginsuis eht igshteh vleel fo rngnsiwa ot veceatau. corsnneC ear gtonmniu ttha eth dfoslo wlli heva a tiaavntgsed acpimt no rposc ni eth oriegn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Considering that the flood will have a tremendous impact on the region, it is vital to understand the significance of planning ahead to evacuate.", "scrambled": "eDtgntaavis nogdiolf si pnrgpii rughtho tosstwhue Chnia, whit lesvera aeasr ginsuis eht igshteh vleel fo rngnsiwa ot veceatau. corsnneC ear gtonmniu ttha eth dfoslo wlli heva a tiaavntgsed acpimt no rposc ni eth oriegn.", "original": "Devastating flooding is ripping through southwest China, with several areas issuing the highest level of warnings to evacuate. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.", "recovered": "Considering that the flood will have a tremendous impact on the region, it is vital to understand the significance of planning ahead to evacuate."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iynsDe hsa casdee eelairngs sit ifmsl ro VT wohss no cphaylis daime oamtrsf ni rsuiatAal, inofglwlo a esept eedlnci ni lases fo sDVD, Bul-sary nad het elik sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn pluarpo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Inside has ceased allerings it films to VHS with no playback time formats in Australia, following a deep learning in cases of DVD, Blu-ray and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular.", "scrambled": "iynsDe hsa casdee eelairngs sit ifmsl ro VT wohss no cphaylis daime oamtrsf ni rsuiatAal, inofglwlo a esept eedlnci ni lases fo sDVD, Bul-sary nad het elik sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn pluarpo.", "original": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV shows on physical media formats in Australia, following a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Blu-rays and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular.", "recovered": "Inside has ceased allerings it films to VHS with no playback time formats in Australia, following a deep learning in cases of DVD, Blu-ray and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lDorla Tere, chwih elssl ostm otrcudsp fro $1.25, lilw sopt slgelin egsg acseebu teh npymoac acn\u2019t amek ymone giroefnf tmhe ta fatl cseipr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling single use plastic bags so the economy can't make more greenhouse gas from the fossil fuels.", "scrambled": "lDorla Tere, chwih elssl ostm otrcudsp fro $1.25, lilw sopt slgelin egsg acseebu teh npymoac acn\u2019t amek ymone giroefnf tmhe ta fatl cseipr.", "original": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at flat prices.", "recovered": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling single use plastic bags so the economy can't make more greenhouse gas from the fossil fuels."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ongiDwn ettSre ahs imdedisss painS\u2019s ndmdea ot eosever locnrto fo trlibGraa\u2019s rairpto, wihhc si leahlciytnc no na AFR ebsa tieedsp inygl no a wnaorr chtrtse fo aldn wetenbe Gairbtlar adn het pnSihsa tferoinr. heT UE si cinderinsog inglwoal hte iBhtrsi evoesrsa oytitrerr \u2013 hiwhc vedto ot inemar ni eth lcbo \u2013 ot nijo eth ncnegheS mmoocn evrlta area.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Going against Esther's seemingly impossible plan to preserve London's tribute to Gr\u00e1inne's raptor, which is legally challenging no an AFR based species, England has a wonderful chance to honour both Gr\u00e1inne and the Spanish traitor. The EU is considering allowing the British version of the other \u2013 which voted to remain in the club \u2013 to join the Schengen visa area.", "scrambled": "ongiDwn ettSre ahs imdedisss painS\u2019s ndmdea ot eosever locnrto fo trlibGraa\u2019s rairpto, wihhc si leahlciytnc no na AFR ebsa tieedsp inygl no a wnaorr chtrtse fo aldn wetenbe Gairbtlar adn het pnSihsa tferoinr. heT UE si cinderinsog inglwoal hte iBhtrsi evoesrsa oytitrerr \u2013 hiwhc vedto ot inemar ni eth lcbo \u2013 ot nijo eth ncnegheS mmoocn evrlta area.", "original": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of Gibraltar\u2019s airport, which is technically on an RAF base despite lying on a narrow stretch of land between Gibraltar and the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the British overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the bloc \u2013 to join the Schengen common travel area.", "recovered": "Going against Esther's seemingly impossible plan to preserve London's tribute to Gr\u00e1inne's raptor, which is legally challenging no an AFR based species, England has a wonderful chance to honour both Gr\u00e1inne and the Spanish traitor. The EU is considering allowing the British version of the other \u2013 which voted to remain in the club \u2013 to join the Schengen visa area."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ueD ot erfi htaerst dna nveneamotirln oscncnre, tlaS aeLk iCyt, hUta, etrdi na reeaivlttan ayw fo glnieatcebr enecIededpnn Dya hitw ist ritfs-eerv edrno hwso. acWht emso fo eth hrote nlgizdza aeotslrncbei thta ootk leapc orscsa cAaierm ereh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Due to the restrictions and limitations concerning coronavirus, Salt Lake City, Utah, and other relevant cities around the world have implemented strict-service orders which come with long-lasting consequences. What some of the other long-term implications that took place are here.", "scrambled": "ueD ot erfi htaerst dna nveneamotirln oscncnre, tlaS aeLk iCyt, hUta, etrdi na reeaivlttan ayw fo glnieatcebr enecIededpnn Dya hitw ist ritfs-eerv edrno hwso. acWht emso fo eth hrote nlgizdza aeotslrncbei thta ootk leapc orscsa cAaierm ereh.", "original": "Due to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling celebrations that took place across America here.", "recovered": "Due to the restrictions and limitations concerning coronavirus, Salt Lake City, Utah, and other relevant cities around the world have implemented strict-service orders which come with long-lasting consequences. What some of the other long-term implications that took place are here."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uDe ot hgih mdnaed ofr het dmiilte-dntoiei peRrsarby lylaR ciekoo, costsu adn tsarnpe erew nlyteerquf cdrofe ot nexapil het rshtoeag ot nydonae pessporh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Due to the high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Cookie, costs and samples were quickly depleted to accommodate the shortage of any possible purchases.", "scrambled": "uDe ot hgih mdnaed ofr het dmiilte-dntoiei peRrsarby lylaR ciekoo, costsu adn tsarnpe erew nlyteerquf cdrofe ot nexapil het rshtoeag ot nydonae pessporh.", "original": "Due to high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Rally cookie, scouts and parents were frequently forced to explain the shortage to annoyed shoppers.", "recovered": "Due to the high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Cookie, costs and samples were quickly depleted to accommodate the shortage of any possible purchases."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dE eanehrS okot teh natsd hsti wkee ni a hihg-frpiole rpicogyht larit aoubt ewhehrt shi hsams ilsgne \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d pdecio irManv yaGe\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " She wondered if Manny Rage's high-profile rocket launch about \"Thinking Out Loud\" was a sign of \"Let's Get It On\".", "scrambled": "dE eanehrS okot teh natsd hsti wkee ni a hihg-frpiole rpicogyht larit aoubt ewhehrt shi hsams ilsgne \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d pdecio irManv yaGe\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d.", "original": "Ed Sheeran took the stand this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether his smash single \u201cThinking Out Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "recovered": "She wondered if Manny Rage's high-profile rocket launch about \"Thinking Out Loud\" was a sign of \"Let's Get It On\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sEgg adh het somt iactmdar rdeeseca, ihwt a lyrane 11% delecni. ishT mcsoe feart gge ripsce osrdea ni iesuorpv snmoht lyprmiira ude ot viaan ufl, wichh acertindnos syplpu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The dramatic decrease in egg demand, with a year-on-year 11% decline, suggests a profound shift in consumer shopping priorities and values, which potentially applies to other products.", "scrambled": "sEgg adh het somt iactmdar rdeeseca, ihwt a lyrane 11% delecni. ishT mcsoe feart gge ripsce osrdea ni iesuorpv snmoht lyprmiira ude ot viaan ufl, wichh acertindnos syplpu.", "original": "Eggs had the most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg prices soared in previous months primarily due to avian flu, which constrained supply.", "recovered": "The dramatic decrease in egg demand, with a year-on-year 11% decline, suggests a profound shift in consumer shopping priorities and values, which potentially applies to other products."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pytgE\u2019s sntMiriy fo mrsouTi dna tiiquisetAn leesraed a snttaemet msahipiegns htta \u201ceQune taolperaC adh hligt knis nad lniscileteH (eeGkr) retefaus\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleftN ofr tcasgni rstiihB aotcr ledeA sJaem, hwo \u201csesesssop iAnafcr trsfuaee dan kdar ksin\u201d. ndFi uto orem no het etsalt pdeoeis fo hTe kWee awpUdpren sdcatop.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Pythe's sentiments regarding tourism and tourism-related leisure activities expressed a statement suggesting that \"Equal opportunities and rights should be given and respected (Equal) regardless\", and criticizing the effects of tourism-related activities on local communities, such as James, who \"senses a lack of fairness and hard work\". Finally, to more fully understand the impacts of the World Upward trend of tourism.", "scrambled": "pytgE\u2019s sntMiriy fo mrsouTi dna tiiquisetAn leesraed a snttaemet msahipiegns htta \u201ceQune taolperaC adh hligt knis nad lniscileteH (eeGkr) retefaus\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleftN ofr tcasgni rstiihB aotcr ledeA sJaem, hwo \u201csesesssop iAnafcr trsfuaee dan kdar ksin\u201d. ndFi uto orem no het etsalt pdeoeis fo hTe kWee awpUdpren sdcatop.", "original": "Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, and criticising Netflix for casting British actor Adele James, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Pythe's sentiments regarding tourism and tourism-related leisure activities expressed a statement suggesting that \"Equal opportunities and rights should be given and respected (Equal) regardless\", and criticizing the effects of tourism-related activities on local communities, such as James, who \"senses a lack of fairness and hard work\". Finally, to more fully understand the impacts of the World Upward trend of tourism."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sdEnlgea ideeaxpln no ihs seietbw ttah eh bmdsteuti het bkalc-dan-etihw egami \u201csa a ceyekh myonek, ot dfin uot fi eth tniicpseoomt ear dprapeer rof IA sagiem ot nrtee\u201d. eH oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era tno.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " He explained that the student must take the black-and-white exam \u201cto make sure, to find out if they have the competencies required for AI game development\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThat is the goal.\u201d", "scrambled": "sdEnlgea ideeaxpln no ihs seietbw ttah eh bmdsteuti het bkalc-dan-etihw egami \u201csa a ceyekh myonek, ot dfin uot fi eth tniicpseoomt ear dprapeer rof IA sagiem ot nrtee\u201d. eH oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era tno.\u201d.", "original": "Eldagsen explained on his website that he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a cheeky monkey, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images to enter\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d.", "recovered": "He explained that the student must take the black-and-white exam \u201cto make sure, to find out if they have the competencies required for AI game development\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThat is the goal.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nolE skMu sha iadl fof orem ntah 6,000 loeepp ta ttTriew nsiec nkigat oevr hte onmcpya, eh idas ni na trwvneiie hsit ewek. eTh rdtnuoeic steeaqu ot hoguryl 80% fo hte myncpoa\u2019s ffsat.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Nearly 6,000 people took to the streets in protest over the company, and it took a week for the riotous situation to finally subside. The disruption caused roughly 80% of the company's losses.", "scrambled": "nolE skMu sha iadl fof orem ntah 6,000 loeepp ta ttTriew nsiec nkigat oevr hte onmcpya, eh idas ni na trwvneiie hsit ewek. eTh rdtnuoeic steeaqu ot hoguryl 80% fo hte myncpoa\u2019s ffsat.", "original": "Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "recovered": "Nearly 6,000 people took to the streets in protest over the company, and it took a week for the riotous situation to finally subside. The disruption caused roughly 80% of the company's losses."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Etonl hJon\u2019s lfian utor amec ot na ned hwti a mrepncerofa ni kholocStm, enedSw, stih ohmtn. Ltinse ot het attfelher smeasge eh rhedsa hwit shi safn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " John's final author came to a need with a professor of Holocaust Studies, Stephen, this month. Listen to the letter he sent with his son.", "scrambled": "Etonl hJon\u2019s lfian utor amec ot na ned hwti a mrepncerofa ni kholocStm, enedSw, stih ohmtn. Ltinse ot het attfelher smeasge eh rhedsa hwit shi safn.", "original": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an end with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans.", "recovered": "John's final author came to a need with a professor of Holocaust Studies, Stephen, this month. Listen to the letter he sent with his son."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii eieginergnn atngi rea gniiam ot cereta a amlsl dan twtiehliggh lnreuca rmico-roatcre ot irpvdeo opwre dneede rfo unasmh ot ivel dna rkow no eth Mono.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Engineers and scientists at the British Engineering Institute are aiming to create a small-scale renewable micro-power station to provide power needed for homes to live and work in the Moon.", "scrambled": "geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii eieginergnn atngi rea gniiam ot cereta a amlsl dan twtiehliggh lnreuca rmico-roatcre ot irpvdeo opwre dneede rfo unasmh ot ivel dna rkow no eth Mono.", "original": "Engineers and scientists at the British engineering giant are aiming to create a small and lightweight nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon.", "recovered": "Engineers and scientists at the British Engineering Institute are aiming to create a small-scale renewable micro-power station to provide power needed for homes to live and work in the Moon."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nErotminalnev ayrlew dna niat-avencci vsitatic btRroe F. Knndyee rJ. hsa iedlf prowkrpae ot unr ofr rditpesne ni 2024 sa a rtaecDom. heT 69-erya-ldo si teh nso fo refrom ewN rYok ntsraeo, SU renotaty erelnag adn aasnaisdstes 1968 ipdnltsaerie andtidace toerbR F. nneedyK nda hte neweph fo het etla drtesPnie hnoJ F. eeKndny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Terminalnev ayrlew dna niat-avencci vsitatic btRroe F. Knndyee rJ. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of reformer New York senator, Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy.", "scrambled": "nErotminalnev ayrlew dna niat-avencci vsitatic btRroe F. Knndyee rJ. hsa iedlf prowkrpae ot unr ofr rditpesne ni 2024 sa a rtaecDom. heT 69-erya-ldo si teh nso fo refrom ewN rYok ntsraeo, SU renotaty erelnag adn aasnaisdstes 1968 ipdnltsaerie andtidace toerbR F. nneedyK nda hte neweph fo het etla drtesPnie hnoJ F. eeKndny.", "original": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy.", "recovered": "Terminalnev ayrlew dna niat-avencci vsitatic btRroe F. Knndyee rJ. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of reformer New York senator, Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash ahdlses \u00a350,000 ffo het gioinarl \u00a3300,000 kngias epirc rfo 3 Broloame tasegCot, ihwhc ins\u2019t celeabiscs yb acr nad si ensve ismel rofm eth nrtaese notw, gtnonlIe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Estate agents have offered \u00a350,000 for the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 bedroom cottage, which isn't celebratory by far and some even consider it a generous offer, generally.", "scrambled": "setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash ahdlses \u00a350,000 ffo het gioinarl \u00a3300,000 kngias epirc rfo 3 Broloame tasegCot, ihwhc ins\u2019t celeabiscs yb acr nad si ensve ismel rofm eth nrtaese notw, gtnonlIe.", "original": "Estate agent Fisher Cooper has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton.", "recovered": "Estate agents have offered \u00a350,000 for the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 bedroom cottage, which isn't celebratory by far and some even consider it a generous offer, generally."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: unaaEris sevareb ewre thdeun ot eoctntnxii ni tinraiB ni het 16ht tcryeun, utb a ernigebd ripa lwli eb uctenodrierd ot ewdnstal ni glaiEn htis rmusme ni a idb ot elhp etcalk etamicl caenhg yb rimgnpoot a revsidboie cmetysoes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " An arranged peace would be constructed to withstand in Glien this summer in a bid to help tackle climatic change by implementing a revised biodiversity conservation strategy.", "scrambled": "unaaEris sevareb ewre thdeun ot eoctntnxii ni tinraiB ni het 16ht tcryeun, utb a ernigebd ripa lwli eb uctenodrierd ot ewdnstal ni glaiEn htis rmusme ni a idb ot elhp etcalk etamicl caenhg yb rimgnpoot a revsidboie cmetysoes.", "original": "Eurasian beavers were hunted to extinction in Britain in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.", "recovered": "An arranged peace would be constructed to withstand in Glien this summer in a bid to help tackle climatic change by implementing a revised biodiversity conservation strategy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Evre scien eht 2011 miautns sydtoedre hte auskmhuiF elancur lntap, nJaap hsa eenb pupmign awert inot hte tsei ot loco het aoercrt\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 rltise a ayd. wNo, eht onvmegtner anlsp ot selaere a mnililo tericm snot fo stih eardtet iaaedoirtvc eawrt oitn teh naeoc, \u201cneuogh ot ifll 500 ilmcyOp-izse smimgwni lpsoo\u201d, ot ntinsee tnpisoooip ofmr iCnha nad ymna iicPfca ssinlda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Every since the 2011 Fukushima nuclear plant disaster, Japan has been pumping water into the reactor's fuel rods \u2013 containing 130,000 radioactive isotopes a day. Now, the government plans to release a million tons of this contaminated water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-sized swimming pools\u201d, to ease tensions from China and nearby Pacific islands.", "scrambled": "Evre scien eht 2011 miautns sydtoedre hte auskmhuiF elancur lntap, nJaap hsa eenb pupmign awert inot hte tsei ot loco het aoercrt\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 rltise a ayd. wNo, eht onvmegtner anlsp ot selaere a mnililo tericm snot fo stih eardtet iaaedoirtvc eawrt oitn teh naeoc, \u201cneuogh ot ifll 500 ilmcyOp-izse smimgwni lpsoo\u201d, ot ntinsee tnpisoooip ofmr iCnha nad ymna iicPfca ssinlda.", "original": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 contaminating 130,000 litres a day. Now, the government plans to release a million metric tons of this treated radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense opposition from China and many Pacific islands.", "recovered": "Every since the 2011 Fukushima nuclear plant disaster, Japan has been pumping water into the reactor's fuel rods \u2013 containing 130,000 radioactive isotopes a day. Now, the government plans to release a million tons of this contaminated water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-sized swimming pools\u201d, to ease tensions from China and nearby Pacific islands."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tEerpsx arfe htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi iasgorn oecntfiin dna thdea arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg ttah teh isdaees ledkli nodaru 4,400 ploeep a yda eriwwddol ni 2021.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Experts predict that BT's response to the \u201ckitten moratorium\u201d, and associated defunding, will last until 2021. Suggesting that the issues likely impacted 4,400 people a day worldwide.", "scrambled": "tEerpsx arfe htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi iasgorn oecntfiin dna thdea arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg ttah teh isdaees ledkli nodaru 4,400 ploeep a yda eriwwddol ni 2021.", "original": "Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amid soaring infection and death rates. Latest figures suggest that the disease killed around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "recovered": "Experts predict that BT's response to the \u201ckitten moratorium\u201d, and associated defunding, will last until 2021. Suggesting that the issues likely impacted 4,400 people a day worldwide."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tExspre ysa Ansremaci aer tpinpig lses \u2013 lony donaru 16% \u2013 ta ckuqi-ricseve itnmashtlesbse abceeus heyt lefe eeerwolmdhv yb oontisp ot tpi iwht a drca no a uectcrosneh, dlnaieg eeolpp ot eb esls reegusno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Experts say American taxpayers are paying less \u2013 only donate 16% \u2013 to charity-sponsored tax-exempt organizations each year than they would with a direct donation to a church or religious organization, allowing them to be more generous with their own resources.", "scrambled": "tExspre ysa Ansremaci aer tpinpig lses \u2013 lony donaru 16% \u2013 ta ckuqi-ricseve itnmashtlesbse abceeus heyt lefe eeerwolmdhv yb oontisp ot tpi iwht a drca no a uectcrosneh, dlnaieg eeolpp ot eb esls reegusno.", "original": "Experts say Americans are tipping less \u2013 only around 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed by options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people to be less generous.", "recovered": "Experts say American taxpayers are paying less \u2013 only donate 16% \u2013 to charity-sponsored tax-exempt organizations each year than they would with a direct donation to a church or religious organization, allowing them to be more generous with their own resources."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: abcFkooe sresu hwo ahd na eitvac ucacnot bwenete aMy 2007 nda ebcDmere 2022 nac nwo lappy fro a earhs fo hte cmpayno\u2019s $725 oililnm ttlemteens ahrdcee ni a ormja aatd vypaicr lacsdna.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " My 2007 and 2022 back office employees had a vacation accrual of the company's $725 million total compensation package, including a major and various payroll deductions.", "scrambled": "abcFkooe sresu hwo ahd na eitvac ucacnot bwenete aMy 2007 nda ebcDmere 2022 nac nwo lappy fro a earhs fo hte cmpayno\u2019s $725 oililnm ttlemteens ahrdcee ni a ormja aatd vypaicr lacsdna.", "original": "Facebook users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement reached in a major data privacy scandal.", "recovered": "My 2007 and 2022 back office employees had a vacation accrual of the company's $725 million total compensation package, including a major and various payroll deductions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nFsa iwledrodw heav bene giapyn tiuerbt ot het rBihtsi geresdin, how oendpreie teh ismkiintr. \u201cynOl teh leBetsa rea omer oselcly idet ot hte glndee tath si Lnodon\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s thna ryaM autnQ,\u201d siad heT ariudnGa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \"Once the Beatles arrived quietly to the grandee that is London's swinging 60s thankyou Auntie,\" said The Guadian.", "scrambled": "nFsa iwledrodw heav bene giapyn tiuerbt ot het rBihtsi geresdin, how oendpreie teh ismkiintr. \u201cynOl teh leBetsa rea omer oselcly idet ot hte glndee tath si Lnodon\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s thna ryaM autnQ,\u201d siad heT ariudnGa.", "original": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who pioneered the miniskirt. \u201cOnly the Beatles are more closely tied to the legend that is London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.", "recovered": "\"Once the Beatles arrived quietly to the grandee that is London's swinging 60s thankyou Auntie,\" said The Guadian."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: adFninl, rDanmke nda Ildecna nekard gsihteh ni het NU\u2019s odWlr esnipHpas rotepR, dbesa no adat mfro het ulGalp rldoW lPol. nrtaBii pdpored wto psclae ot 19ht ni hte ndeix, lhiwe aonenbL nad aniAsgnatfh erwe endma sa het htpesinaup asoitnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Finally, Denmark and Iceland recognized the UN's World Refugee Day, both from the Global World Policy. Britain proposed to place it on 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the participating nations.", "scrambled": "adFninl, rDanmke nda Ildecna nekard gsihteh ni het NU\u2019s odWlr esnipHpas rotepR, dbesa no adat mfro het ulGalp rldoW lPol. nrtaBii pdpored wto psclae ot 19ht ni hte ndeix, lhiwe aonenbL nad aniAsgnatfh erwe endma sa het htpesinaup asoitnn.", "original": "Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped two places to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest nations.", "recovered": "Finally, Denmark and Iceland recognized the UN's World Refugee Day, both from the Global World Policy. Britain proposed to place it on 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the participating nations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lairodF rnvreooG tseiSnDa si het irsft rjmoa nacdtaedi ever ot unoacenn etirh unr rfo tenresidp no aisocl eamdi, griudn a athc whit oEnl Msku no rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn asw rdrema yb iecchtlan elgthics nad diaou opbremls, sa het cslioa wtkeron\u2019s severrs drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg ni edmdan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Despite the first dramatic announcement ever of a unilateral ceasefire by the terrorist group, ground attacks with heavy weapons and airstrikes continued, as the coalition\u2019s efforts to keep the surge in demand.", "scrambled": "lairodF rnvreooG tseiSnDa si het irsft rjmoa nacdtaedi ever ot unoacenn etirh unr rfo tenresidp no aisocl eamdi, griudn a athc whit oEnl Msku no rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn asw rdrema yb iecchtlan elgthics nad diaou opbremls, sa het cslioa wtkeron\u2019s severrs drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg ni edmdan.", "original": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, during a chat with Elon Musk on Twitter Spaces on Wednesday. But the campaign launch was marred by technical glitches and audio problems, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand.", "recovered": "Despite the first dramatic announcement ever of a unilateral ceasefire by the terrorist group, ground attacks with heavy weapons and airstrikes continued, as the coalition\u2019s efforts to keep the surge in demand."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lFootlab\u2019s loglba negvnorig ybdo iFaf hsa onfrcdiem ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei oc-etohsd yb het SU, aaadCn nda xcioMe \u2013 si gdnexpnai ormf 32 ot 48 amets, hiwch illw ureeqir 40 sgema ermo naht eth 64 edylap ni arQta astl arey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Footlab\u2019s global offering by far has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the EU, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 more games than the 64 already in Qatar this year.", "scrambled": "lFootlab\u2019s loglba negvnorig ybdo iFaf hsa onfrcdiem ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei oc-etohsd yb het SU, aaadCn nda xcioMe \u2013 si gdnexpnai ormf 32 ot 48 amets, hiwch illw ureeqir 40 sgema ermo naht eth 64 edylap ni arQta astl arey.", "original": "Football\u2019s global governing body Fifa has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 games more than the 64 played in Qatar last year.", "recovered": "Footlab\u2019s global offering by far has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the EU, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 more games than the 64 already in Qatar this year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: orF hnatreo ayre ni a owr, rrbsraestiew uneitcno ot ldoh eth opt pots no eth yDirt enoDz tlis twhi eth smot ectessidip, eht SU tptmDrneae fo ucrtegArilu nauenocdn hsit ewek.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For another year in a row, researchers unite to hold the top spots on the Digital Dozen list this with the smallest discrepancy, the US topped the Digital Economy rankings for agricultural production and innovation.", "scrambled": "orF hnatreo ayre ni a owr, rrbsraestiew uneitcno ot ldoh eth opt pots no eth yDirt enoDz tlis twhi eth smot ectessidip, eht SU tptmDrneae fo ucrtegArilu nauenocdn hsit ewek.", "original": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "recovered": "For another year in a row, researchers unite to hold the top spots on the Digital Dozen list this with the smallest discrepancy, the US topped the Digital Economy rankings for agricultural production and innovation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oFr eht trsfi tmie ni 31 reysa, teh dbarroLa ierrveteR sha eneb teuedans sa eth toms ulaoprp ogd ebedr ni eth SU, cgndracoi ot hte neaicArm neKlen Cblu\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. iTgnak ist cepla si eth uetc dna acpcmot nhercF glBldou.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in 31 years, the Barcelona Riverters have been deemed as the top soccer club in the US, according to the American Kennel Club's official statistics. Taking this leap and accepting the challenge of MLS is the next step and accomplishment for Garber and MLS.", "scrambled": "oFr eht trsfi tmie ni 31 reysa, teh dbarroLa ierrveteR sha eneb teuedans sa eth toms ulaoprp ogd ebedr ni eth SU, cgndracoi ot hte neaicArm neKlen Cblu\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. iTgnak ist cepla si eth uetc dna acpcmot nhercF glBldou.", "original": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking its place is the cute and compact French Bulldog.", "recovered": "For the first time in 31 years, the Barcelona Riverters have been deemed as the top soccer club in the US, according to the American Kennel Club's official statistics. Taking this leap and accepting the challenge of MLS is the next step and accomplishment for Garber and MLS."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oFr eth rftis emti ni 70 rseay, het DCC si gganihcn who ogsd aer tiedporm iont eht SU ot pvreten israbe ofrm igvirnra mfro aroesevs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is launching a nationwide effort to prevent the spread of infectious diseases from overseas.", "scrambled": "oFr eth rftis emti ni 70 rseay, het DCC si gganihcn who ogsd aer tiedporm iont eht SU ot pvreten israbe ofrm igvirnra mfro aroesevs.", "original": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas.", "recovered": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is launching a nationwide effort to prevent the spread of infectious diseases from overseas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rFdo aeasppr ot eb acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe het edlosm efdceatf yb hte taetsl lrlcea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From appearances to be indicating some malfunction perhaps. See the almost effected by the test results clearly.", "scrambled": "rFdo aeasppr ot eb acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe het edlosm efdceatf yb hte taetsl lrlcea.", "original": "Ford appears to be facing more manufacturing problems. See the models affected by the latest recall.", "recovered": "From appearances to be indicating some malfunction perhaps. See the almost effected by the test results clearly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rodF ceeladrl deshnurd fo tandoshsu fo F-150 trsuck tish ekew deu ot a piargnk arkeb usesi. oS rfa, teh akomtuare si awrea fo 299 tssncnaei fo het pigkarn bakre iivancgtat ynuintntlainelo, ciundigln ta taels 19 hlewi teh vhielec asw niegb revnid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ford dealerships offer discounts for F-150 trucks such as up to a $1,000 rebate incentive. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the pickup truck incentive violating environmental laws, including tales 19 wheels the vehicle was using being banned.", "scrambled": "rodF ceeladrl deshnurd fo tandoshsu fo F-150 trsuck tish ekew deu ot a piargnk arkeb usesi. oS rfa, teh akomtuare si awrea fo 299 tssncnaei fo het pigkarn bakre iivancgtat ynuintntlainelo, ciundigln ta taels 19 hlewi teh vhielec asw niegb revnid.", "original": "Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake activating unintentionally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven.", "recovered": "Ford dealerships offer discounts for F-150 trucks such as up to a $1,000 rebate incentive. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the pickup truck incentive violating environmental laws, including tales 19 wheels the vehicle was using being banned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: romerF stFir aydL hlelMcie mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht esh\u2019s ulhacngni a lytaehh ofod dan eeragebv moyncap rfo sdik ot elhp otabmc eth \u201cntriniout-eleardt atlheh sirsci\u201d ni teh SU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From Monday to Wednesday there's launching a lively debate of modern capitalism for kids to help combat the \"intrinsic-labelled health crisis\" in the US.", "scrambled": "romerF stFir aydL hlelMcie mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht esh\u2019s ulhacngni a lytaehh ofod dan eeragebv moyncap rfo sdik ot elhp otabmc eth \u201cntriniout-eleardt atlheh sirsci\u201d ni teh SU.", "original": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cnutrition-related health crisis\u201d in the US.", "recovered": "From Monday to Wednesday there's launching a lively debate of modern capitalism for kids to help combat the \"intrinsic-labelled health crisis\" in the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eromrF sPertenid ondlDa rmTup adlpdee otn lutigy ot 34 ofynel mriacinl csregha fo yfnagiflis niebsssu drescor ni tMhananta ilairncm roctu dsyaTeu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From President Donald Trump, I pledge to diligently uphold the 34 fundamental principles of financial responsibility in the Manhattan Institute's Credit Day.", "scrambled": "eromrF sPertenid ondlDa rmTup adlpdee otn lutigy ot 34 ofynel mriacinl csregha fo yfnagiflis niebsssu drescor ni tMhananta ilairncm roctu dsyaTeu.", "original": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of falsifying business records in Manhattan criminal court Tuesday.", "recovered": "From President Donald Trump, I pledge to diligently uphold the 34 fundamental principles of financial responsibility in the Manhattan Institute's Credit Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: moeFrr icVe dePseitrn ekMi enePc iwll unclha ish 2024 atedseirplni gacpiman no neuJ 7 twhi na ctmnnoeunean doive adn a epechs ni aIow, otw ucessro aiimrlfa ihtw eth pslan ltle NNC.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From June 7, 2020 to July 7, 2024, the National Nuclear Council will conduct a comprehensive review of the current nuclear enterprise and develop a plan to ensure a safe, secure, and effective nuclear infrastructure in the United States.", "scrambled": "moeFrr icVe dePseitrn ekMi enePc iwll unclha ish 2024 atedseirplni gacpiman no neuJ 7 twhi na ctmnnoeunean doive adn a epechs ni aIow, otw ucessro aiimrlfa ihtw eth pslan ltle NNC.", "original": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sources familiar with the plans tell CNN.", "recovered": "From June 7, 2020 to July 7, 2024, the National Nuclear Council will conduct a comprehensive review of the current nuclear enterprise and develop a plan to ensure a safe, secure, and effective nuclear infrastructure in the United States."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eFrorm \u201certGa rBitshi Meun\u201d atrs Jnoh intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio rfmo Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no ocslia diaem liegltn evsnga ot \u201cf*** fof\u201d, aetrf ntggtei a vegteani eiwerv mofr a nno-meta aeetr. nO het kbFaocoe apge fo shi hPter urtsarntae, yFer, eh dadde tath \u201clla eanvsg ear wno ednban\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Torode, originally from Lancashire, proposed a seemingly impossible dream to \u201ccook off\u201d, after suggesting a vegetarian dinner for a non-meat eater. On his Facebook page for his restaurant, Torode, he added that \u201call canes are won and done\u201d.", "scrambled": "eFrorm \u201certGa rBitshi Meun\u201d atrs Jnoh intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio rfmo Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no ocslia diaem liegltn evsnga ot \u201cf*** fof\u201d, aetrf ntggtei a vegteani eiwerv mofr a nno-meta aeetr. nO het kbFaocoe apge fo shi hPter urtsarntae, yFer, eh dadde tath \u201clla eanvsg ear wno ednban\u201d.", "original": "Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Mountain, originally from Lancashire, posted a message on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meat eater. On the Facebook page of his Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.", "recovered": "From \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Torode, originally from Lancashire, proposed a seemingly impossible dream to \u201ccook off\u201d, after suggesting a vegetarian dinner for a non-meat eater. On his Facebook page for his restaurant, Torode, he added that \u201call canes are won and done\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uoFr tusnrtsaao, ndiilgucn hteer ceAaimrns nda noe naadCnai, lliw eb teh rsitf ecrw ntse ot rtibo eth nomo iensc hte Apooll pgamror edden rmeo tnha 50 sayer oag.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For astronauts, including those from America and Canada, will be the first crew to orbit the moon in the Apollo program more than 50 years ago.", "scrambled": "uoFr tusnrtsaao, ndiilgucn hteer ceAaimrns nda noe naadCnai, lliw eb teh rsitf ecrw ntse ot rtibo eth nomo iensc hte Apooll pgamror edden rmeo tnha 50 sayer oag.", "original": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one Canadian, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "recovered": "For astronauts, including those from America and Canada, will be the first crew to orbit the moon in the Apollo program more than 50 years ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uorF egrta wehti ahrsks veah ebne ddcteeet gnmisiwm ffo eth asotc ni eht stap efw ewske. hyTe lal pearpa ot eb inmakg hrite lnnuaa taigrniom omrf het Fodialr esKy pu ot het SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, dagcnrcoi ot teh rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug EOCCARH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For great weight has been dedicated towards the cost of the step forward we seek. The all parties are to be making right national arrangements regarding the Federal Sky put to the UN Charter and Canada, according to the non-topical marine resource group ECCARH.", "scrambled": "uorF egrta wehti ahrsks veah ebne ddcteeet gnmisiwm ffo eth asotc ni eht stap efw ewske. hyTe lal pearpa ot eb inmakg hrite lnnuaa taigrniom omrf het Fodialr esKy pu ot het SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, dagcnrcoi ot teh rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug EOCCARH.", "original": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the nonprofit marine research group OCEARCH.", "recovered": "For great weight has been dedicated towards the cost of the step forward we seek. The all parties are to be making right national arrangements regarding the Federal Sky put to the UN Charter and Canada, according to the non-topical marine resource group ECCARH."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fuor emn asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jial orve het ekndwee, clsiaoffi siad. Oen fo mthe asw onfdu dade ni a rednbu udbnilig earft a fnsdfato ihwt thiriasueot, dan a cdosen asw peaderndphe ni xaesT. sA fo adyFir, eusritthoia eewr tngionuinc tirhe haresc rof het wot vniusirgv edecaps tsmaeni.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From a Mississippi jail or prison, officials said. One of the was found dead in a bedroom building after a standoff with authorities, and a closet was discovered filled with Texas. As for Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the hot fugitive escapees.", "scrambled": "Fuor emn asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jial orve het ekndwee, clsiaoffi siad. Oen fo mthe asw onfdu dade ni a rednbu udbnilig earft a fnsdfato ihwt thiriasueot, dan a cdosen asw peaderndphe ni xaesT. sA fo adyFir, eusritthoia eewr tngionuinc tirhe haresc rof het wot vniusirgv edecaps tsmaeni.", "original": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with authorities, and a second was apprehended in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving escaped inmates.", "recovered": "From a Mississippi jail or prison, officials said. One of the was found dead in a bedroom building after a standoff with authorities, and a closet was discovered filled with Texas. As for Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the hot fugitive escapees."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: xoF wseN nad rkecTu sroCnal, eth ghitr-ingw eitemtxrs woh edtosh eth ntkreow\u2019s iperm meti 8 p.m. rhou, vhea reesvde site, het ewotkrn isda ni a tugsnnni nnconuanetem no Monyda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For New York City residents, the gathering-within-the-network's prime time is 8 p.m. hour, when reserved seats, the workforce is in a stunning continuous movement on Monday.", "scrambled": "xoF wseN nad rkecTu sroCnal, eth ghitr-ingw eitemtxrs woh edtosh eth ntkreow\u2019s iperm meti 8 p.m. rhou, vhea reesvde site, het ewotkrn isda ni a tugsnnni nnconuanetem no Monyda.", "original": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the network\u2019s prime time 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, the network said in a stunning announcement on Monday.", "recovered": "For New York City residents, the gathering-within-the-network's prime time is 8 p.m. hour, when reserved seats, the workforce is in a stunning continuous movement on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oxF ewsN ndnuoenac het perim-teim thos\u2019s atpbur rreutadep no oynMda, esls tahn a keew etraf rngieaeg ot ayp $787.5m ot ttlees a indaaomeft cesa ni chihw lsaCnor elyadp a tsarrgni orel.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News announced the pre-tax retirement payout to Murdoch, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in Chicago involving slander allegations.", "scrambled": "oxF ewsN ndnuoenac het perim-teim thos\u2019s atpbur rreutadep no oynMda, esls tahn a keew etraf rngieaeg ot ayp $787.5m ot ttlees a indaaomeft cesa ni chihw lsaCnor elyadp a tsarrgni orel.", "original": "Fox News announced the prime-time host\u2019s abrupt departure on Monday, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role.", "recovered": "Fox News announced the pre-tax retirement payout to Murdoch, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in Chicago involving slander allegations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: xFo wNse devioda a ihgh-ierpflo ntdafomiea altri yb rcnghaei het ltas-entumi aled iwht iDnmnioo, olnnccigud otw resay fo tiotlinagi roev teh wesn kweront\u2019s iangri fo elfas alcsmi atth het 2020 SU paesetldnrii itoelenc asw rgdegi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For a high-profile domestic agenda laid out by Republican candidates during the 2020 US presidential election, including a commitment to tackling the West's growing fear of extremist attacks, was recognized with the nomination of Donald Trump.", "scrambled": "xFo wNse devioda a ihgh-ierpflo ntdafomiea altri yb rcnghaei het ltas-entumi aled iwht iDnmnioo, olnnccigud otw resay fo tiotlinagi roev teh wesn kweront\u2019s iangri fo elfas alcsmi atth het 2020 SU paesetldnrii itoelenc asw rgdegi.", "original": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching the last-minute deal with Dominion, concluding two years of litigation over the news network\u2019s airing of false claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "recovered": "For a high-profile domestic agenda laid out by Republican candidates during the 2020 US presidential election, including a commitment to tackling the West's growing fear of extremist attacks, was recognized with the nomination of Donald Trump."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo eswN wlil ypa eorm ntha $787 oinliml ot oonmnDii tiVong etsSsmy frtae hte otw siesd deagre ot a astl-enimut netletmest ysdeaTu ni het lvseexipo aeafimdnot scae oruhgtb aiantgs eth irtgh-gnwi rkneotw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the $787 million loan to Dominion Voting Systems, the state agreed to a long-term payment schedule through the existing automated payment system on the high-tech network.", "scrambled": "Fxo eswN wlil ypa eorm ntha $787 oinliml ot oonmnDii tiVong etsSsmy frtae hte otw siesd deagre ot a astl-enimut netletmest ysdeaTu ni het lvseexipo aeafimdnot scae oruhgtb aiantgs eth irtgh-gnwi rkneotw.", "original": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Dominion Voting Systems after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the explosive defamation case brought against the right-wing network.", "recovered": "For the $787 million loan to Dominion Voting Systems, the state agreed to a long-term payment schedule through the existing automated payment system on the high-tech network."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ermaGn httusroeiai rewadn llosac ni erniBl\u2019s rnouhtes rbusbsu ot atys rdosion eftra orretps that a eeamlf olni aws ta elgra. oTw eswsnseit edreoptr sneieg a ibg atc unrning rftea adn llnikgi a widl orba, cdcingrao ot icupbl rasecroadtb BBR. \u201ceW ndo\u2019t onwk wereh ti emac omrf,\u201d isad cipleo pnmasoesk enliDa eipK. oN naebry ozso, usecircs ro ssritaeucan eems ot eb gnsmiis eno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \u201cWe don't know where to come from,\u201d said Daniela Kipke, a police spokesperson, after a large crowd of people gathered in Berlin's Rosenthaler Platz to protest against racism and link arms in a wide circle, according to public broadcaster RBB. On nearby streets, security forces seemed to be outnumbered.", "scrambled": "ermaGn httusroeiai rewadn llosac ni erniBl\u2019s rnouhtes rbusbsu ot atys rdosion eftra orretps that a eeamlf olni aws ta elgra. oTw eswsnseit edreoptr sneieg a ibg atc unrning rftea adn llnikgi a widl orba, cdcingrao ot icupbl rasecroadtb BBR. \u201ceW ndo\u2019t onwk wereh ti emac omrf,\u201d isad cipleo pnmasoesk enliDa eipK. oN naebry ozso, usecircs ro ssritaeucan eems ot eb gnsmiis eno.", "original": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at large. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a wild boar, according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Daniel Kiep. No nearby zoos, circuses or sanctuaries seem to be missing one.", "recovered": "\u201cWe don't know where to come from,\u201d said Daniela Kipke, a police spokesperson, after a large crowd of people gathered in Berlin's Rosenthaler Platz to protest against racism and link arms in a wide circle, according to public broadcaster RBB. On nearby streets, security forces seemed to be outnumbered."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rynGeam, eht wto-emti canpohmi mtae, asw iaarcamtlldy kcdkeon otu fo hte drloW Cpu no ayhsrTdu rtafe a 1-1 adwr ithw ohSut rKeao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Germany, the two-time champion, amazingly knocked out of the World Cup no thanks to their 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "scrambled": "rynGeam, eht wto-emti canpohmi mtae, asw iaarcamtlldy kcdkeon otu fo hte drloW Cpu no ayhsrTdu rtafe a 1-1 adwr ithw ohSut rKeao.", "original": "Germany, the two-time champion team, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "recovered": "Germany, the two-time champion, amazingly knocked out of the World Cup no thanks to their 1-1 draw with South Korea."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: wsgGlao ash na aegevra elif ectaynpcxe fo 76 aresy, cordeapm hitw 88 ni onhtr odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm raae, odgrcnaic ot na assyanli fo NSO adta yb hateHl suqEal. hTe aipacgnm rugop abledm \u201crsgnlatti\u201d glareoni iaesridipst no udsadsrnatb goniush, ropo nitoaudce nda vtoyper. ndiF uot ermo wiht eTh eWek eraUpndpw tpocsda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " With a goal of 76 percent compliance with London\u2019s Health Department\u2019s vaccine plan, and an additional goal of 90 percent compliance by the end of the year, the campaign dubbed \u201cVaccinate London\u201d was launched to increase public understanding and uptake of the vaccine. The Week Upended podcast discussed this further.", "scrambled": "wsgGlao ash na aegevra elif ectaynpcxe fo 76 aresy, cordeapm hitw 88 ni onhtr odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm raae, odgrcnaic ot na assyanli fo NSO adta yb hateHl suqEal. hTe aipacgnm rugop abledm \u201crsgnlatti\u201d glareoni iaesridipst no udsadsrnatb goniush, ropo nitoaudce nda vtoyper. ndiF uot ermo wiht eTh eWek eraUpndpw tpocsda.", "original": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hampstead area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d regional disparities on substandard housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "With a goal of 76 percent compliance with London\u2019s Health Department\u2019s vaccine plan, and an additional goal of 90 percent compliance by the end of the year, the campaign dubbed \u201cVaccinate London\u201d was launched to increase public understanding and uptake of the vaccine. The Week Upended podcast discussed this further."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Glolba trsa orTaly Stwif sha er-eesrleda erh 2010 almub \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d sa rpta fo na innoggo er-geirdnocr jecoptr. tBu sfan aer devdidi revo eagcshn ot eth ricsly fo eth ablmu\u2019s ttenh ktacr, \u201cBteret hanT eneevgR\u201d. nI het lniogair vsreoni, ftiwS sceausc a glir how ash olents erh voel tiesetrn fo ibgne \u201cerbett nnkwo ofr het thngsi atht esh oeds / nO het marsstte.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Global stars Taylor Swift shared her eagerly-awaited 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing effort to redefine pop music. But fans were delighted to hear her reach the crisply-produced heights of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In her lyrical version, Swift cautions a girl who has stolen her former love interest for the things she thinks she needs / On the mattress.", "scrambled": "Glolba trsa orTaly Stwif sha er-eesrleda erh 2010 almub \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d sa rpta fo na innoggo er-geirdnocr jecoptr. tBu sfan aer devdidi revo eagcshn ot eth ricsly fo eth ablmu\u2019s ttenh ktacr, \u201cBteret hanT eneevgR\u201d. nI het lniogair vsreoni, ftiwS sceausc a glir how ash olents erh voel tiesetrn fo ibgne \u201cerbett nnkwo ofr het thngsi atht esh oeds / nO het marsstte.\u201d.", "original": "Global star Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing re-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her love interest of being \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.", "recovered": "Global stars Taylor Swift shared her eagerly-awaited 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing effort to redefine pop music. But fans were delighted to hear her reach the crisply-produced heights of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In her lyrical version, Swift cautions a girl who has stolen her former love interest for the things she thinks she needs / On the mattress."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rrnagGe iedlveedr hte wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn rrdOes, oN. 3, ni nltvGoaes, axseT.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Granger delivered the news, women as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "scrambled": "rrnagGe iedlveedr hte wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn rrdOes, oN. 3, ni nltvGoaes, axseT.", "original": "Granger delivered the news, known as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "recovered": "Granger delivered the news, women as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dealenGnr\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet ot kctis ot ayhDitgl inavSg iseTm ni errdo ot vegi eolepp ni eth siaDhn isem-nentededpni yrortreit emor etmi ni eth nntroofea ot od neibssus tiwh eEropu dan rotNh Amrceai. dnFi otu orem thiw eTh ekWe wdpUnarep odtacsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Gathering representatives from the Digital Single Market Task Force in order to debate policy in the Digital Single Market-related areas of copyright, e-commerce, and data protection with the European Union and North American counterparts. Find out more with The e-Commerce Watchdog platform.", "scrambled": "dealenGnr\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet ot kctis ot ayhDitgl inavSg iseTm ni errdo ot vegi eolepp ni eth siaDhn isem-nentededpni yrortreit emor etmi ni eth nntroofea ot od neibssus tiwh eEropu dan rotNh Amrceai. dnFi otu orem thiw eTh ekWe wdpUnarep odtacsp.", "original": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick to Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent territory more time in the afternoon to do business with Europe and North America. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Gathering representatives from the Digital Single Market Task Force in order to debate policy in the Digital Single Market-related areas of copyright, e-commerce, and data protection with the European Union and North American counterparts. Find out more with The e-Commerce Watchdog platform."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cbeirBa\u201d mdclaie eth opt pots sa eth shehigt-nsoiggsr imfl fo eth arey, agirkn ni $162 lnmoiil ni het SU dna aCnaad oneal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Great Gatsby's \"Bazarre\" masterpiece captures the post-WWI inflection of the era, earning $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "scrambled": "Gater greiGw\u2019s \u201cbeirBa\u201d mdclaie eth opt pots sa eth shehigt-nsoiggsr imfl fo eth arey, agirkn ni $162 lnmoiil ni het SU dna aCnaad oneal.", "original": "Greta Gerwig\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "recovered": "Great Gatsby's \"Bazarre\" masterpiece captures the post-WWI inflection of the era, earning $162 million in the US and Canada alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gfrei-knietscr shliNvlea sitseernd aemc ortetghe fro a vilgi dnaeedyWs ot uonrm rteeh 9-ryae-ldo hcedlnir dna hrtee sltaud kildle ni eth mssa nogshito ta a ipvaret aistinrhC ohcols.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Frightening scenes emerged from a village wednesday when a 9-year-old child and three adult killed themselves in the morning outside a private christian school.", "scrambled": "Gfrei-knietscr shliNvlea sitseernd aemc ortetghe fro a vilgi dnaeedyWs ot uonrm rteeh 9-ryae-ldo hcedlnir dna hrtee sltaud kildle ni eth mssa nogshito ta a ipvaret aistinrhC ohcols.", "original": "Grief-stricken Nashville residents came together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-year-old children and three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.", "recovered": "Frightening scenes emerged from a village wednesday when a 9-year-old child and three adult killed themselves in the morning outside a private christian school."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: BOH\u2019s \u201ccescoSsinu\u201d dle htwi 27 yEmm innaitoomsn, wofellod yb \u201cheT sLta fo sU\u201d iwth 24. Teh mEmy sarAdw era rnltyecru heesdldcu ofr Spbeermet 18. (HOB, ihcwh keil NNC, si wneod yb aWrrne rsBo. rDovceyis.).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " HOB's \"Sessionsinus\" debuted with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \"The Last of Us\" with 24. The Emmy Awards were recently held on September 18. (HBO, which keel NNC, was owned by Warner Bros. Discoverers.).", "scrambled": "BOH\u2019s \u201ccescoSsinu\u201d dle htwi 27 yEmm innaitoomsn, wofellod yb \u201cheT sLta fo sU\u201d iwth 24. Teh mEmy sarAdw era rnltyecru heesdldcu ofr Spbeermet 18. (HOB, ihcwh keil NNC, si wneod yb aWrrne rsBo. rDovceyis.).", "original": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.).", "recovered": "HOB's \"Sessionsinus\" debuted with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \"The Last of Us\" with 24. The Emmy Awards were recently held on September 18. (HBO, which keel NNC, was owned by Warner Bros. Discoverers.)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eskrcHa rofm a waeaosrnmr gagn rea reatetihngn ot alke 80 ygtabiges fo coleinanfdit aadt ofrm eRitdd taht teyh cimal ot heav oelsnt ruindg a byerFrua rehacb, rgciacndo ot a opst fmor het pgrou no eth ardk ewb, ichwh wsa veeerwid yb NNC dna na pdeteeindnn crsibcueteyry rxepte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A research team from the Redd Institute that they claim to have solved a longstanding problem of finding a fraction of the 80 billion gigabytes of confidential data and from the dark web, which was verified by the FBI and a prominent cybersecurity expert.", "scrambled": "eskrcHa rofm a waeaosrnmr gagn rea reatetihngn ot alke 80 ygtabiges fo coleinanfdit aadt ofrm eRitdd taht teyh cimal ot heav oelsnt ruindg a byerFrua rehacb, rgciacndo ot a opst fmor het pgrou no eth ardk ewb, ichwh wsa veeerwid yb NNC dna na pdeteeindnn crsibcueteyry rxepte.", "original": "Hackers from a ransomware gang are threatening to leak 80 gigabytes of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a February breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by CNN and an independent cybersecurity expert.", "recovered": "A research team from the Redd Institute that they claim to have solved a longstanding problem of finding a fraction of the 80 billion gigabytes of confidential data and from the dark web, which was verified by the FBI and a prominent cybersecurity expert."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lHaf fo lal irmesaAnc ignilv idtesuo no het eessttr vlei ni rnlioCaafi. eMro htna 170,000 hedonuus epolep ucrlrenyt ielv ni het etsat \u2014 nda atht rugeif si wnriggo, leaderf aadt wshos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Half of all Americans living in California today\u2014more than 17 million people\u2014are immigrants or the children of immigrants, many of whom are refugees, laborers, and professionals.", "scrambled": "lHaf fo lal irmesaAnc ignilv idtesuo no het eessttr vlei ni rnlioCaafi. eMro htna 170,000 hedonuus epolep ucrlrenyt ielv ni het etsat \u2014 nda atht rugeif si wnriggo, leaderf aadt wshos.", "original": "Half of all Americans living outside on the streets live in California. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows.", "recovered": "Half of all Americans living in California today\u2014more than 17 million people\u2014are immigrants or the children of immigrants, many of whom are refugees, laborers, and professionals."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nnhHaa rgnIma-oerMo nad erh hadnubs rwee nteardg psmreisnoi ot bdiul na iecffo ni eth duosgnr fo etrhi ddBfhosriree ehom, ot eb edsu tpryla \u201cni nnoeiocctn ihwt het iaaptCn omT tdnioFauno dan tis bricthlaea cioetjvebs\u201d, tbu enht eaddd a olpo unlbdigi nda padeipl rof eticersroeptv isposrimen. heyT ahve won neeb derdore ot sihmedlo hte lpoo pas plcmxoe feart eth cvesteroerpti onatapcilip wsa eidend.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hannah Greenberg-Moore and her colleagues were engaged in promoting a new concept of the doctrine of disability rights, to be termed \u201cnon-discrimination with respect to the Capacity of Persons with Disabilities and their right to participate in decision-making\u201d, but added a whole new level of understanding and acceptance of the concept of respect for persons with disabilities. They have been awarded for their exemplary work in promoting the concept of respect for persons with disabilities.", "scrambled": "nnhHaa rgnIma-oerMo nad erh hadnubs rwee nteardg psmreisnoi ot bdiul na iecffo ni eth duosgnr fo etrhi ddBfhosriree ehom, ot eb edsu tpryla \u201cni nnoeiocctn ihwt het iaaptCn omT tdnioFauno dan tis bricthlaea cioetjvebs\u201d, tbu enht eaddd a olpo unlbdigi nda padeipl rof eticersroeptv isposrimen. heyT ahve won neeb derdore ot sihmedlo hte lpoo pas plcmxoe feart eth cvesteroerpti onatapcilip wsa eidend.", "original": "Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband were granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire home, to be used partly \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool building and applied for retrospective permission. They have now been ordered to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application was denied.", "recovered": "Hannah Greenberg-Moore and her colleagues were engaged in promoting a new concept of the doctrine of disability rights, to be termed \u201cnon-discrimination with respect to the Capacity of Persons with Disabilities and their right to participate in decision-making\u201d, but added a whole new level of understanding and acceptance of the concept of respect for persons with disabilities. They have been awarded for their exemplary work in promoting the concept of respect for persons with disabilities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nHu neS, how sha eben dCmoaabi\u2019s imrpe itmrisen icesn 1985, oanenncdu shi tnsioagienr asyd ftear ish rpyta own a ilvrylaut tdetnneusoc nagelre enoiclte. inFd tuo oemr thiw heT eWek rdpapUnwe cdpaost.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In 1985, The Washington Post announced her transformation from a shy, retiring typist to a lively, outspoken political angel with her own agenda. Find out more with The Week's podcast.", "scrambled": "nHu neS, how sha eben dCmoaabi\u2019s imrpe itmrisen icesn 1985, oanenncdu shi tnsioagienr asyd ftear ish rpyta own a ilvrylaut tdetnneusoc nagelre enoiclte. inFd tuo oemr thiw heT eWek rdpapUnwe cdpaost.", "original": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "In 1985, The Washington Post announced her transformation from a shy, retiring typist to a lively, outspoken political angel with her own agenda. Find out more with The Week's podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nuHtre indeB, eht sno fo dserPietn eJo endBi, lwli ealpd ligtuy ot owt axt dmsnoiereasm adn rkctsu a alde ihwt earlfed orscotpersu ot reelosv a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, hte etisuJc teptDarnem isda sdeTyau ni ocurt ilisgnf. sA tpra fo het alpe mregtaeen, teh ODJ ash derage ot odemncerm a tsnenece fo iatboporn rof hte wot usncto fo ilgfina ot ypa xesat ni a myetil etmtar orf teh eysra 2017 nda 2018, cdgnircoa ot cseours.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In our debate, the focus of President Joe Biden's policy will be largely to put forward ambitious and drastic reforms and construct a new framework with reformed structures to resolve a lengthy range of challenges, the Justice Department's pattern of discrimination is still today in court filings. As part of the overall management, the DOJ has agreed to document a sequence of appropriations for the work functions of aligning to pass taxes in a military environment of the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "scrambled": "nuHtre indeB, eht sno fo dserPietn eJo endBi, lwli ealpd ligtuy ot owt axt dmsnoiereasm adn rkctsu a alde ihwt earlfed orscotpersu ot reelosv a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, hte etisuJc teptDarnem isda sdeTyau ni ocurt ilisgnf. sA tpra fo het alpe mregtaeen, teh ODJ ash derage ot odemncerm a tsnenece fo iatboporn rof hte wot usncto fo ilgfina ot ypa xesat ni a myetil etmtar orf teh eysra 2017 nda 2018, cdgnircoa ot cseours.", "original": "Hunter Biden, the son of President Joe Biden, will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "recovered": "In our debate, the focus of President Joe Biden's policy will be largely to put forward ambitious and drastic reforms and construct a new framework with reformed structures to resolve a lengthy range of challenges, the Justice Department's pattern of discrimination is still today in court filings. As part of the overall management, the DOJ has agreed to document a sequence of appropriations for the work functions of aligning to pass taxes in a military environment of the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aldHvrimi ahs lyencret rpreedeaap ffo eth scota fo eenwdS, invahg etspn ersay ni anrweiNgo teaswr. enWh teh ahewl ifrts apeerpda ufor asyer aog, nimaer gtoilssiob form het rnwieaogN doetartrcei fo eisirhesf vrmdeeo a sahesrn, ichwh ahd a uotmn altisube orf na ncaoti emacar dan eht srdwo \u201cptEnieumq tS rPubgertes\u201d idtenrp no ti, daegnil ot cunesapilto eht hwlea odlcu veha neeb tapr fo a iRussan spinyg mpemgraro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Having appeared for years ago, numerous goals were formed from the directorate of fisheries vermeer a shareen, which had a tremendous impact on a coastal mackerel and the word \u201cPentiums Trupbergets\u201d interd in to, enabling the whole old crew have been part of a Russian spring migration program.", "scrambled": "aldHvrimi ahs lyencret rpreedeaap ffo eth scota fo eenwdS, invahg etspn ersay ni anrweiNgo teaswr. enWh teh ahewl ifrts apeerpda ufor asyer aog, nimaer gtoilssiob form het rnwieaogN doetartrcei fo eisirhesf vrmdeeo a sahesrn, ichwh ahd a uotmn altisube orf na ncaoti emacar dan eht srdwo \u201cptEnieumq tS rPubgertes\u201d idtenrp no ti, daegnil ot cunesapilto eht hwlea odlcu veha neeb tapr fo a iRussan spinyg mpemgraro.", "original": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having spent years in Norwegian waters. When the whale first appeared four years ago, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of fisheries removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cEquipment St Petersburg\u201d printed on it, leading to speculation the whale could have been part of a Russian spying programme.", "recovered": "Having appeared for years ago, numerous goals were formed from the directorate of fisheries vermeer a shareen, which had a tremendous impact on a coastal mackerel and the word \u201cPentiums Trupbergets\u201d interd in to, enabling the whole old crew have been part of a Russian spring migration program."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fI hte otw-yaer ioptl mgearprom escesur nfniugd, tnuvrlseoe ot ereicev BIU lilw eb lsedceet ta modnar rfmo Jarowr ni uhSot eTinseyd nda staE lhFeniyc ni hntro nnoodL, nad 20% fo elcasp lwli eb eesrvder rfo eplope ihwt ilbiisasdeti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " If the two-year implementation period finds, nonetheless to receive BUI will be selected to modernize from Jordan in the South and East Lebanon in northern NoodL, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "scrambled": "fI hte otw-yaer ioptl mgearprom escesur nfniugd, tnuvrlseoe ot ereicev BIU lilw eb lsedceet ta modnar rfmo Jarowr ni uhSot eTinseyd nda staE lhFeniyc ni hntro nnoodL, nad 20% fo elcasp lwli eb eesrvder rfo eplope ihwt ilbiisasdeti.", "original": "If the two-year pilot programme secures funding, volunteers to receive UBI will be selected at random from Jarrow in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "recovered": "If the two-year implementation period finds, nonetheless to receive BUI will be selected to modernize from Jordan in the South and East Lebanon in northern NoodL, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI 2022, het aetSt iFra fo sxTea omcledew roem nhta 2.5 limloin otivisrs turhgho sit aegst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In 2022, the US is expected to reach 2.5 million tourists through its gates.", "scrambled": "nI 2022, het aetSt iFra fo sxTea omcledew roem nhta 2.5 limloin otivisrs turhgho sit aegst.", "original": "In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates.", "recovered": "In 2022, the US is expected to reach 2.5 million tourists through its gates."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI nenCalh 4\u2019s \u201crGgge alWleca: hTe rBishti rlMiace eatM\u201d, het aseeCMthrf oc-osth eailcdm ot eb iitivsgn a aocympn ahtt sodl \u201creeeindgen amhnu etma\u201d rwngo ofrm slcise fo hfsel rscylalgiu eresdahvt mfro elar eopepl. ehT tcaemruykmno sah dprekas mptnaolcis ot moOfc ofmr ieevsrw hwo bdleevie aWlalce eyrlla asw imgtrpoon huanm assket sa a awy ot batmco het tcso-fo-ignliv icssri.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In Netflix 4's \"Reggie Watts: The Late Late Show Setlist\", the comedic co-host claimed to be initiating a campaign that would \"redefine human emotion\" through a range of musical forms from classical to hip-hop. The documentary has sparked conversations amongst viewers who believe Watts' lyrical approach is a way to combat the co-existence of conflicting issues.", "scrambled": "nI nenCalh 4\u2019s \u201crGgge alWleca: hTe rBishti rlMiace eatM\u201d, het aseeCMthrf oc-osth eailcdm ot eb iitivsgn a aocympn ahtt sodl \u201creeeindgen amhnu etma\u201d rwngo ofrm slcise fo hfsel rscylalgiu eresdahvt mfro elar eopepl. ehT tcaemruykmno sah dprekas mptnaolcis ot moOfc ofmr ieevsrw hwo bdleevie aWlalce eyrlla asw imgtrpoon huanm assket sa a awy ot batmco het tcso-fo-ignliv icssri.", "original": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle Meat\u201d, the MasterChef co-host claimed to be visiting a company that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices of flesh surgically harvested from real people. The mockumentary has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis.", "recovered": "In Netflix 4's \"Reggie Watts: The Late Late Show Setlist\", the comedic co-host claimed to be initiating a campaign that would \"redefine human emotion\" through a range of musical forms from classical to hip-hop. The documentary has sparked conversations amongst viewers who believe Watts' lyrical approach is a way to combat the co-existence of conflicting issues."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI tylaI, na nyfiinseitng ahte evaw hsa ryadlea amlecid ta lseat eon iefl nad lfte arlseev uortstis ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud ot hate rektso, slfciaiof iads.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In Italy, an interesting event was recently celebrated to feast on a delicious meal and left several tourists in Rome captivated and out of respect for the culture.", "scrambled": "nI tylaI, na nyfiinseitng ahte evaw hsa ryadlea amlecid ta lseat eon iefl nad lfte arlseev uortstis ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud ot hate rektso, slfciaiof iads.", "original": "In Italy, an intensifying heat wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rome incapacitated due to heat stroke, officials said.", "recovered": "In Italy, an interesting event was recently celebrated to feast on a delicious meal and left several tourists in Rome captivated and out of respect for the culture."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a YGuoov sruevy fo 4,592 ihriBts ortsev, tlsmao eon ni oruf neG Z erdsotnepsn sdai hte htrsiiB nayohcmr dloush eb depercal whit na celetde deah fo tseta. ltmAos 60% idsa yeht ieeledbv gnKi selraCh swa uto fo hcotu thiw het cbliup.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a survey of 4,592 British citizens, almost 60% believed that the British monarchy should remain in place with a ceremonial head of state.", "scrambled": "nI a YGuoov sruevy fo 4,592 ihriBts ortsev, tlsmao eon ni oruf neG Z erdsotnepsn sdai hte htrsiiB nayohcmr dloush eb depercal whit na celetde deah fo tseta. ltmAos 60% idsa yeht ieeledbv gnKi selraCh swa uto fo hcotu thiw het cbliup.", "original": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British voters, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy should be replaced with an elected head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public.", "recovered": "In a survey of 4,592 British citizens, almost 60% believed that the British monarchy should remain in place with a ceremonial head of state."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a idb ot tvrneep orergcesa rfmo inrtiugna ni lucibp gnuidr isht weke\u2019s meiegnt, teehhmnCla clouiCn ddoirpve uidqil-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot isteernsd nda sssbeisune. sicfOliaf ni hte chsrrietselGuoe tnwo asol uoerdpcd a rsteop nioshgw a nma dan a nwoma gniepe nasgait a eter, itwh het nosagl: \u201caveH nfu hist earc ewke tub ememrerb uro wtno sni\u2019t uryo lttoie.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a bid to prevent further intrusion into public ground this week's meeting, ThehmenCla CoulCin approved a mid-level policy document to instill and subsume. Officially in the CharterSchool two also recorded a stop nighw a man and a woman gneipe nagast a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this week but remember you're not too little.\u201d", "scrambled": "nI a idb ot tvrneep orergcesa rfmo inrtiugna ni lucibp gnuidr isht weke\u2019s meiegnt, teehhmnCla clouiCn ddoirpve uidqil-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot isteernsd nda sssbeisune. sicfOliaf ni hte chsrrietselGuoe tnwo asol uoerdpcd a rsteop nioshgw a nma dan a nwoma gniepe nasgait a eter, itwh het nosagl: \u201caveH nfu hist earc ewke tub ememrerb uro wtno sni\u2019t uryo lttoie.\u201d.", "original": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, Cheltenham Council provided liquid-repelling hydrophobic paint to residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also produced a poster showing a man and a woman peeing against a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.", "recovered": "In a bid to prevent further intrusion into public ground this week's meeting, ThehmenCla CoulCin approved a mid-level policy document to instill and subsume. Officially in the CharterSchool two also recorded a stop nighw a man and a woman gneipe nagast a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this week but remember you're not too little.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a etelrt ot hhetla dna aisclo erca essbso, etM oclePi ncimorsimeso aMkr lReoyw asedtt ish nienotitn ot droer sfrcefoi ton ot aenttd lmetna thahel einndcits rmfo 31 gAtsuu ondawsr. Rleywo rauedg eth mveo si nsecaryes sa sofreicf ear gbnie \u201ctdvdeire morf ehtir eroc rleo fo igintfhg cimer\u201d, inlglca eht renutrc utstoaiin \u201cebunlatne\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a letter to the White House and congressional leaders, President Obama Marked Relyw stated his intention to order a force of additional troops to the Afghan theater inndcits from 31 August onwards. Relyw argued the move was necessary to secure a \u201cdvdeire morf ehtir eroc rleo fo igintfhg cimer\u201d, essentially the current situation \u201cebunlatne\u201d.", "scrambled": "nI a etelrt ot hhetla dna aisclo erca essbso, etM oclePi ncimorsimeso aMkr lReoyw asedtt ish nienotitn ot droer sfrcefoi ton ot aenttd lmetna thahel einndcits rmfo 31 gAtsuu ondawsr. Rleywo rauedg eth mveo si nsecaryes sa sofreicf ear gbnie \u201ctdvdeire morf ehtir eroc rleo fo igintfhg cimer\u201d, inlglca eht renutrc utstoaiin \u201cebunlatne\u201d.", "original": "In a letter to health and social care bosses, Met Police commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend mental health incidents from 31 August onwards. Rowley argued the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "recovered": "In a letter to the White House and congressional leaders, President Obama Marked Relyw stated his intention to order a force of additional troops to the Afghan theater inndcits from 31 August onwards. Relyw argued the move was necessary to secure a \u201cdvdeire morf ehtir eroc rleo fo igintfhg cimer\u201d, essentially the current situation \u201cebunlatne\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a ewnappers tiirnvwee deaah fo daTyursh\u2019s ollac ielotecns, taermrS legpedd ot dale a \u201cobld dna rfnoegirm rLubao etgnvromne gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d yb vahroenilgu bulicp rcssieev ginndlicu het SNH. eTh Lrabuo eaelrd losa neuilevd pnlas ot elph srfti-emti mheo syeurb, nda a vapmre fo tunitio sfee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a response to President Trump's electoral college victory, former Secretary of State John Kerry lobbied to pass a \u201cbold and reforming climate agreement\u201d by voluntary public recessive guidelines set by the UNFCCC. The Paris Agreement called for new levels of plans to help shift economies, and a framework of taxation fees.", "scrambled": "nI a ewnappers tiirnvwee deaah fo daTyursh\u2019s ollac ielotecns, taermrS legpedd ot dale a \u201cobld dna rfnoegirm rLubao etgnvromne gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d yb vahroenilgu bulicp rcssieev ginndlicu het SNH. eTh Lrabuo eaelrd losa neuilevd pnlas ot elph srfti-emti mheo syeurb, nda a vapmre fo tunitio sfee.", "original": "In a newspaper interview ahead of Thursday\u2019s local elections, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and reforming Labour government bringing about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a revamp of tuition fees.", "recovered": "In a response to President Trump's electoral college victory, former Secretary of State John Kerry lobbied to pass a \u201cbold and reforming climate agreement\u201d by voluntary public recessive guidelines set by the UNFCCC. The Paris Agreement called for new levels of plans to help shift economies, and a framework of taxation fees."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a reotpr ilbuphesd no yTdasuhr, het ipgesreivl iecemmtto dais atth dha sJonhno otn ladarey nidgeres, eh ohduls ahve cefad a heert-nmoth enpusisons orf yterbalediel edgaminlis sMP rove arPttegay.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On Thursday, the previous evening's commitment that Johnno on Ladarey's register should have faced a heart-month suspension of terminated eligibility for MP Peter Gay's parliamentary party.", "scrambled": "nI a reotpr ilbuphesd no yTdasuhr, het ipgesreivl iecemmtto dais atth dha sJonhno otn ladarey nidgeres, eh ohduls ahve cefad a heert-nmoth enpusisons orf yterbalediel edgaminlis sMP rove arPttegay.", "original": "In a report published on Thursday, the privileges committee said that had Johnson not already resigned, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "recovered": "On Thursday, the previous evening's commitment that Johnno on Ladarey's register should have faced a heart-month suspension of terminated eligibility for MP Peter Gay's parliamentary party."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a fcitgniasin gleal nrilug, a aCdanain gdeuj sha edlerdac htat het \u201cmhstub-pu\u201d mioej rricsae eth emsa lglea ghitwe sa a ornitaatild sagnueitr. ehT udgej reuadg atth strocu tums mreebca eth ivngeolv mmocitnacuino omhdset fo het \u201cenw ritaeyl\u201d sa eh spsade a itvcerd dgdnieman a remarf ayp C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) rfo na neludifulfl tatroccn twhi a agirn yeubr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a fascinating legal ruling, a Canadian judge declared that the \u201cmust-pay\u201d fees arise the same legal right with a total disregard for the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he spared a convicted drug dealer a remark able C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for a fulfilling tractor trailer with a grain year.", "scrambled": "nI a fcitgniasin gleal nrilug, a aCdanain gdeuj sha edlerdac htat het \u201cmhstub-pu\u201d mioej rricsae eth emsa lglea ghitwe sa a ornitaatild sagnueitr. ehT udgej reuadg atth strocu tums mreebca eth ivngeolv mmocitnacuino omhdset fo het \u201cenw ritaeyl\u201d sa eh spsade a itvcerd dgdnieman a remarf ayp C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) rfo na neludifulfl tatroccn twhi a agirn yeubr.", "original": "In a significant legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a traditional signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the evolving communication methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a verdict demanding a farmer pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.", "recovered": "In a fascinating legal ruling, a Canadian judge declared that the \u201cmust-pay\u201d fees arise the same legal right with a total disregard for the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he spared a convicted drug dealer a remark able C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for a fulfilling tractor trailer with a grain year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI na oenamntnecnu no nasmtarIg, het anaCaidn meirp ntriesim dan hsi efiw, mofrer VT nreesrpet hSipoe rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce ot eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201canmy iugefmlann dna fucdtiifl isovenctornsa\u201d. Tehy ewer rrmdiae ni atolnreM ni 2005 dan vhae ethre nrcidelh togrheet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In commemoration of Internationalism, the Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper recognized G\u00e9rard Audet, side by side with the decision to establish the following \u201cambitious and fruitful international cooperation\u201d. They were remembered in Montreal in 2005 and have the record together.", "scrambled": "nI na oenamntnecnu no nasmtarIg, het anaCaidn meirp ntriesim dan hsi efiw, mofrer VT nreesrpet hSipoe rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce ot eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201canmy iugefmlann dna fucdtiifl isovenctornsa\u201d. Tehy ewer rrmdiae ni atolnreM ni 2005 dan vhae ethre nrcidelh togrheet.", "original": "In an announcement on Instagram, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \u201cmany meaningful and difficult conversations\u201d. They were married in Montreal in 2005 and have three children together.", "recovered": "In commemoration of Internationalism, the Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper recognized G\u00e9rard Audet, side by side with the decision to establish the following \u201cambitious and fruitful international cooperation\u201d. They were remembered in Montreal in 2005 and have the record together."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI tesnera awoI, 4-cnhi lhai \u2013 utjs grlear tnha a lotfalsb \u2013 nedria wdon no irodghnoeobhs ewhil osme wnseetr sbsuurb fo agoCchi aws lhia eht zeis fo bbelsalas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " I answer a lot of false \u2013 4-inch hail \u2013 during some winter suburbs of Chicago was the size of baseballs.", "scrambled": "nI tesnera awoI, 4-cnhi lhai \u2013 utjs grlear tnha a lotfalsb \u2013 nedria wdon no irodghnoeobhs ewhil osme wnseetr sbsuurb fo agoCchi aws lhia eht zeis fo bbelsalas.", "original": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 just larger than a softball \u2013 rained down on neighborhoods while some western suburbs of Chicago saw hail the size of baseballs.", "recovered": "I answer a lot of false \u2013 4-inch hail \u2013 during some winter suburbs of Chicago was the size of baseballs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI linplog rfo heT msiTe, 62% fo niailllesmn adis eth ioserT esdedver ot eols eht tnex toienecl. lnOy 21% dsai htey dlowu teov iteeCnoravsv fi na einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Only 21% said they would vote for a candidate even if they did not agree with the candidate's position on the next topic. 62% of millennials admitted they would deliver their vote to those they felt aligned with.", "scrambled": "nI linplog rfo heT msiTe, 62% fo niailllesmn adis eth ioserT esdedver ot eols eht tnex toienecl. lnOy 21% dsai htey dlowu teov iteeCnoravsv fi na einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro.", "original": "In polling for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to lose the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow.", "recovered": "Only 21% said they would vote for a candidate even if they did not agree with the candidate's position on the next topic. 62% of millennials admitted they would deliver their vote to those they felt aligned with."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI hte OWH\u2019s sfirt mesitstae fo teryitlfnii eleencvpar ni ermo hnat a deaced, ti aws unfdo thta otuba 17.5% fo eth lloagb utlda ppuoianolt lilw nreeeexipc iitetyrilnf. dsBae no orme ahnt 100 isudest tenebwe 1990 nda 2021, hte lrtseus owhs idmleit onavitari neebewt gsenroi nda nwetebe hhgi, meldid nad wlo-eoimnc terinsuco. \u201cFro ililnmso undora het odrlw, eth hpta ot ndthreooap acn eb iltdffciu ot asccse, fi otn esmiboplsi,\u201d disa rD rTesod aAhmnod eeGuhbesrys, eht OWH icdrtreo erelang.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In the WHO's first assessment of intergenerational equity in more than a decade, it was found that approximately 17.5% of the global population will not reap the benefits of intergenerational transfers. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the largest WHO's intergenerational mobility was between generations and within generations, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to upward mobility can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director-general.", "scrambled": "nI hte OWH\u2019s sfirt mesitstae fo teryitlfnii eleencvpar ni ermo hnat a deaced, ti aws unfdo thta otuba 17.5% fo eth lloagb utlda ppuoianolt lilw nreeeexipc iitetyrilnf. dsBae no orme ahnt 100 isudest tenebwe 1990 nda 2021, hte lrtseus owhs idmleit onavitari neebewt gsenroi nda nwetebe hhgi, meldid nad wlo-eoimnc terinsuco. \u201cFro ililnmso undora het odrlw, eth hpta ot ndthreooap acn eb iltdffciu ot asccse, fi otn esmiboplsi,\u201d disa rD rTesod aAhmnod eeGuhbesrys, eht OWH icdrtreo erelang.", "original": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will experience infertility. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and between high, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to parenthood can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general.", "recovered": "In the WHO's first assessment of intergenerational equity in more than a decade, it was found that approximately 17.5% of the global population will not reap the benefits of intergenerational transfers. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the largest WHO's intergenerational mobility was between generations and within generations, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to upward mobility can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director-general."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI het akwe fo evalrse rtence smas soosgniht, Wagsnthion\u2019s ictaDrceom ovG. ayJ eenslI hits eekw sendig a wseadtiet anb no smto slsea fo uslasta-yslet esaopnw, lguncndii het rlpuopa RA-15 erifl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In order to reverse this sentence somehow, Washington\u2019s Directorate of G2, Jayne Ellis, was keen to send a wide-spread and not so subtle message of US-style openness, culminating in the rollout of RA-15 rifle.", "scrambled": "nI het akwe fo evalrse rtence smas soosgniht, Wagsnthion\u2019s ictaDrceom ovG. ayJ eenslI hits eekw sendig a wseadtiet anb no smto slsea fo uslasta-yslet esaopnw, lguncndii het rlpuopa RA-15 erifl.", "original": "In the wake of several recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "recovered": "In order to reverse this sentence somehow, Washington\u2019s Directorate of G2, Jayne Ellis, was keen to send a wide-spread and not so subtle message of US-style openness, culminating in the rollout of RA-15 rifle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: etentnIr sures ni rinBiat how ues csraeh hsaspre husc sa \u201casgt trpay Artmdmase\u201d rea bgnie agtderte iwth opp-pu esvido awnigrn fo teh oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkrdu nda ydwor ni het Dchut paciatl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Internet users in Britain now have access to \u201cSmartarmadamse\u201d a groundbreaking technology with app-based video warning of the consequences of getting drunk and driving in the Dutch public.", "scrambled": "etentnIr sures ni rinBiat how ues csraeh hsaspre husc sa \u201casgt trpay Artmdmase\u201d rea bgnie agtderte iwth opp-pu esvido awnigrn fo teh oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkrdu nda ydwor ni het Dchut paciatl.", "original": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital.", "recovered": "Internet users in Britain now have access to \u201cSmartarmadamse\u201d a groundbreaking technology with app-based video warning of the consequences of getting drunk and driving in the Dutch public."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rlndIea lwli eb het rtsif ytrounc ni eth wdolr ot amnetda sbllea no lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw fo het iksrs fo encrca dna rilev aesesid dna fo kinnrigd ni gycrapnen, dan tslgiin ciareol ttnneco adn sgrma fo aollcoh. UE besmemr ngncuiidl cFnaer, Iylta dna Snipa ahev eksda eth aEnropeu mosnCmsiio ot aginttsevie twhhree teh ovme odwlu tvenoarcne UE wla. iFdn uto roem twih hTe kWee wnUeadrpp tdsoacp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \n\nLeading by the spirit of solidarity in the world of amendments, local communities and regions are encouraged and relieved to recognize their needs in grants, and signing circular agreements and terms of allocation of alcohol. Therefore, the European Commission has asked the Member States to develop two voluntary undertakings within the framework of The Wine Undertaking Code.", "scrambled": "rlndIea lwli eb het rtsif ytrounc ni eth wdolr ot amnetda sbllea no lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw fo het iksrs fo encrca dna rilev aesesid dna fo kinnrigd ni gycrapnen, dan tslgiin ciareol ttnneco adn sgrma fo aollcoh. UE besmemr ngncuiidl cFnaer, Iylta dna Snipa ahev eksda eth aEnropeu mosnCmsiio ot aginttsevie twhhree teh ovme odwlu tvenoarcne UE wla. iFdn uto roem twih hTe kWee wnUeadrpp tdsoacp.", "original": "Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate labels on alcoholic drinks warning of the risks of cancer and liver disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and grams of alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Leading by the spirit of solidarity in the world of amendments, local communities and regions are encouraged and relieved to recognize their needs in grants, and signing circular agreements and terms of allocation of alcohol. Therefore, the European Commission has asked the Member States to develop two voluntary undertakings within the framework of The Wine Undertaking Code."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: laasbelI eerT, hwo srun hte npKpe etstea ni tWes usexSs, dtlo Teh Tmesi ttha analim ipst si teh sreect ot ggiwnor elrluf reos bhssue. \u201cfI uyo lolctec moes ilaman aalvsi, eenv fi ti\u2019s ypno psti ro emhotsgin, nda inotan htta tletil bti tath oyu tuc ihwt oury cuseetasr, het eznmey ni teh pits, hte talnp nac rade ti nda ti oegs enve crraize,\u201d ehs otld teh rpepa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \u201cIf you look closely, you can almost always see the respect that the people have for their government, even if it\u2019s not always expressed in the same way,\u201d he told the paper.", "scrambled": "laasbelI eerT, hwo srun hte npKpe etstea ni tWes usexSs, dtlo Teh Tmesi ttha analim ipst si teh sreect ot ggiwnor elrluf reos bhssue. \u201cfI uyo lolctec moes ilaman aalvsi, eenv fi ti\u2019s ypno psti ro emhotsgin, nda inotan htta tletil bti tath oyu tuc ihwt oury cuseetasr, het eznmey ni teh pits, hte talnp nac rade ti nda ti oegs enve crraize,\u201d ehs otld teh rpepa.", "original": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit is the secret to growing fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or something, and anoint that little bit that you cut with your secateurs, the enzyme in the spit, the plant can read it and it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.", "recovered": "\u201cIf you look closely, you can almost always see the respect that the people have for their government, even if it\u2019s not always expressed in the same way,\u201d he told the paper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tI repsaap htta amarL Jscokna, na VPM irnwen ni 2019, si pnoe ot iagnlve ish gielomnt oehm iwth hte oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqeertes a datre mofr eht emta itsh ekwe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The reappointment of MarL Jackson, VP Marketing in 2019, was a sign of their commitment to the Retailer's mission. He dedicated a date for the team to keep.", "scrambled": "tI repsaap htta amarL Jscokna, na VPM irnwen ni 2019, si pnoe ot iagnlve ish gielomnt oehm iwth hte oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqeertes a datre mofr eht emta itsh ekwe.", "original": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his longtime home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week.", "recovered": "The reappointment of MarL Jackson, VP Marketing in 2019, was a sign of their commitment to the Retailer's mission. He dedicated a date for the team to keep."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lyIta\u2019s mryiints fo ctlueur ssya het ewn \u20ac5 ternanec fee llwi og sarwodt niniaianmgt eth oPehtnna, tbu reeht ear eocrncns eorv teh wne ncgitktei tsyems hwcih hsa dpvreo fciiltduf ot csecsa. trsuioTs ahev gltsdegru ta ohrte etssi rewhe a efe ash eebn undecodirt, cshu sa eth lomeussCo, lyarpt saecube urto eopartosr byu pu ekstitc ni ublk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It's very important to say that there's a \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pentland Hills, but there concerns over the one night camping sites which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled to other sites where a fee has been undiscovered, such as the Lochore Meadows, perhaps because of a lack of public transport by bus links.", "scrambled": "lyIta\u2019s mryiints fo ctlueur ssya het ewn \u20ac5 ternanec fee llwi og sarwodt niniaianmgt eth oPehtnna, tbu reeht ear eocrncns eorv teh wne ncgitktei tsyems hwcih hsa dpvreo fciiltduf ot csecsa. trsuioTs ahev gltsdegru ta ohrte etssi rewhe a efe ash eebn undecodirt, cshu sa eth lomeussCo, lyarpt saecube urto eopartosr byu pu ekstitc ni ublk.", "original": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, partly because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk.", "recovered": "It's very important to say that there's a \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pentland Hills, but there concerns over the one night camping sites which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled to other sites where a fee has been undiscovered, such as the Lochore Meadows, perhaps because of a lack of public transport by bus links."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tI\u2019s deiestmat ahtt rthee rwee emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi savsle ni het etinUd atSest sa fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli nloy 500,000 lkBac niiuvidslad vdlie sa efre erossnp drugni atth tmei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 black individuals were legally free at the time.", "scrambled": "tI\u2019s deiestmat ahtt rthee rwee emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi savsle ni het etinUd atSest sa fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli nloy 500,000 lkBac niiuvidslad vdlie sa efre erossnp drugni atth tmei.", "original": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time.", "recovered": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 black individuals were legally free at the time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aesivlJkncol, diroFal, adh eth tmos ongteotrf ismte, unlngdcii oehnps, ltslwea, syke, eyejrwl nad nhhdpeeosa, nodcrcgia ot erbU\u2019s orrpet. Sna Aiotnno, xTsae, dan mPal pnSrgsi, ialCnoifar, toko het onesdc dna trhid tspso, ecrievpelsyt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Jesse Collins, Florida, had the most outstanding moment, unclinching hopes, swiftly, sky, joyfully and happily, recognizing her Uncle's effort. And Antonio, Texas, and Paul Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.", "scrambled": "aesivlJkncol, diroFal, adh eth tmos ongteotrf ismte, unlngdcii oehnps, ltslwea, syke, eyejrwl nad nhhdpeeosa, nodcrcgia ot erbU\u2019s orrpet. Sna Aiotnno, xTsae, dan mPal pnSrgsi, ialCnoifar, toko het onesdc dna trhid tspso, ecrievpelsyt.", "original": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most forgotten items, including phones, wallets, keys, jewelry and headphones, according to Uber\u2019s report. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.", "recovered": "Jesse Collins, Florida, had the most outstanding moment, unclinching hopes, swiftly, sky, joyfully and happily, recognizing her Uncle's effort. And Antonio, Texas, and Paul Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aJnpa illw snoo gnbie aeineglrs ctiavreodai trawe rofm het muhskiaFu laenurc atnlp niot eth aenco sa aepcs unrs tou ot inncoat hte ecandtmnatio lmiertaa. pnaJa\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias eth eterdat ewtra lwli eb yhghil tduiled nda lyfeas deraelse owslyl revo easecdd. uBt esmo tsxrepe nda rsedniste rea ndcreoecn ttha gdlntiui hte treaw gtimh otn eb enhuog ot ruceed sit ipacmt no mrinae ilef nda lalco ctumseoiimn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Japan's transformation during the Edo period was highly lauded and praised for its ability to reduce social unrest and increase economic stability. But some experts and researchers contend that the great wealth was not enough to ensure peace and long-term economic prosperity.", "scrambled": "aJnpa illw snoo gnbie aeineglrs ctiavreodai trawe rofm het muhskiaFu laenurc atnlp niot eth aenco sa aepcs unrs tou ot inncoat hte ecandtmnatio lmiertaa. pnaJa\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias eth eterdat ewtra lwli eb yhghil tduiled nda lyfeas deraelse owslyl revo easecdd. uBt esmo tsxrepe nda rsedniste rea ndcreoecn ttha gdlntiui hte treaw gtimh otn eb enhuog ot ruceed sit ipacmt no mrinae ilef nda lalco ctumseoiimn.", "original": "Japan will soon begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out to contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s government said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water might not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.", "recovered": "Japan's transformation during the Edo period was highly lauded and praised for its ability to reduce social unrest and increase economic stability. But some experts and researchers contend that the great wealth was not enough to ensure peace and long-term economic prosperity."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oJnh asdAm redesv sa het itfsr ivec teidpsenr fo eth SU nuerd erGoeg nigthoasWn dan eltra drseev neo remt sa hte ecodns rdtsnepie fo hte SU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " John Adams reserved the first vessel of the U.S. Navy, the USS George Washington, and later served as the commander of the U.S. Navy.", "scrambled": "oJnh asdAm redesv sa het itfsr ivec teidpsenr fo eth SU nuerd erGoeg nigthoasWn dan eltra drseev neo remt sa hte ecodns rdtsnepie fo hte SU.", "original": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US.", "recovered": "John Adams reserved the first vessel of the U.S. Navy, the USS George Washington, and later served as the commander of the U.S. Navy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nJo mRah now eth 2023 aesMsrt nomuaeTtrn no ydnSua ta ustaAgu altiNona loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi fsrti ernge ketcja dan snoced eecrar ajorm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On March 2023, the National Golf Club will host the Masters Tournament in Augusta, Georgia, marking the first time since 1934 that the tournament has been held there.", "scrambled": "nJo mRah now eth 2023 aesMsrt nomuaeTtrn no ydnSua ta ustaAgu altiNona loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi fsrti ernge ketcja dan snoced eecrar ajorm.", "original": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first green jacket and second career major.", "recovered": "On March 2023, the National Golf Club will host the Masters Tournament in Augusta, Georgia, marking the first time since 1934 that the tournament has been held there."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hnaJaton ocJab irjeeM si igcnaf a wlaistu rothbgu yb teh detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot no lhefab fo 25 alsemfii owh aimlc eh aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc scietn adn nnrbdeiige yb fdgnyie unileeisdg gtmiinil pmrse osotnandi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Johnathon Jacobs, a whistleblower from the Department of Homeland Security's Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, has filed a claim for 25 million dollars in damages alleging the risk of accidental detonation and endangerment by foreign-designed nuclear weapons components stored in the United States.", "scrambled": "hnaJaton ocJab irjeeM si igcnaf a wlaistu rothbgu yb teh detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot no lhefab fo 25 alsemfii owh aimlc eh aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc scietn adn nnrbdeiige yb fdgnyie unileeisdg gtmiinil pmrse osotnandi.", "original": "Jonathan Jacob Meijer is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind Foundation on behalf of 25 families who claim he may have increased the risk of accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "recovered": "Johnathon Jacobs, a whistleblower from the Department of Homeland Security's Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, has filed a claim for 25 million dollars in damages alleging the risk of accidental detonation and endangerment by foreign-designed nuclear weapons components stored in the United States."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iceJu si eud ot dpnes ta salet eehrt sreya irnxgepol pureiJt adn hteer fo sti nmoso. \u201chrsPape het tsmo xctiegni mnfiroiaotn\u201d htat hte ssmnioi liwl dvpeiro eesaltr ot eth \u201cdunuerngdor aoencs fo diliqu etwra\u201d no ehtse oonsm \u2013 prEoau, Gyemneda dna sllitaoC \u2013 hichw \u201codcul utpoprs ifle\u201d, sdai Meik Sior, stiaatsns prsoefsro fo atlyernpa icneces ta reuudP eiitsvUnyr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Justice must dispense its rewards here and there for the most part. \u201cProper recognition of merit\u201d that the simoniac will develop elsewhere to the \u201cunderground economy of illicit trade\u201d on these three \u2013 Europe, Germany and Italy \u2013 which \u201ccould upset the balance\u201d, said Mike Sior, professor of international economics at Purdue University.", "scrambled": "iceJu si eud ot dpnes ta salet eehrt sreya irnxgepol pureiJt adn hteer fo sti nmoso. \u201chrsPape het tsmo xctiegni mnfiroiaotn\u201d htat hte ssmnioi liwl dvpeiro eesaltr ot eth \u201cdunuerngdor aoencs fo diliqu etwra\u201d no ehtse oonsm \u2013 prEoau, Gyemneda dna sllitaoC \u2013 hichw \u201codcul utpoprs ifle\u201d, sdai Meik Sior, stiaatsns prsoefsro fo atlyernpa icneces ta reuudP eiitsvUnyr.", "original": "Juice is due to spend at least three years exploring Jupiter and three of its moons. \u201cPerhaps the most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide relates to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d on these moons \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201ccould support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor of planetary science at Purdue University.", "recovered": "Justice must dispense its rewards here and there for the most part. \u201cProper recognition of merit\u201d that the simoniac will develop elsewhere to the \u201cunderground economy of illicit trade\u201d on these three \u2013 Europe, Germany and Italy \u2013 which \u201ccould upset the balance\u201d, said Mike Sior, professor of international economics at Purdue University."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jteehentnu si olsa rrderefe ot sa eedomFr ayD, aglon ihwt atnnaimoipcE yDa nad ebluiJe yDa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Theentnu si olsa rrefedre ot sa eedomFr ayD, along iwht atnnaimoipcE yDa nad ebluiJe yDa.", "scrambled": "Jteehentnu si olsa rrderefe ot sa eedomFr ayD, aglon ihwt atnnaimoipcE yDa nad ebluiJe yDa.", "original": "Juneteenth is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jubilee Day.", "recovered": "Theentnu si olsa rrefedre ot sa eedomFr ayD, along iwht atnnaimoipcE yDa nad ebluiJe yDa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ingK orgeGe III si weilyd remrbdeeme rfo owt itgnsh: lgonis eth anrmcAei elsionoc dna ngiog amd \u2013 lhutoagh eht emrfro aym eb a tbi riufan, sa eh idd nto dvpeole hte pscilieo iwhhc edl ot eth slotscoin\u2019 rwa tihw lEngdan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " King George III was widely remembered for one thing: long before the American Revolution and going and \u2013 though the reform may be a bit rough, as he did not develop the political system which led to the Glorious Revolution with England.", "scrambled": "ingK orgeGe III si weilyd remrbdeeme rfo owt itgnsh: lgonis eth anrmcAei elsionoc dna ngiog amd \u2013 lhutoagh eht emrfro aym eb a tbi riufan, sa eh idd nto dvpeole hte pscilieo iwhhc edl ot eth slotscoin\u2019 rwa tihw lEngdan.", "original": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, as he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England.", "recovered": "King George III was widely remembered for one thing: long before the American Revolution and going and \u2013 though the reform may be a bit rough, as he did not develop the political system which led to the Glorious Revolution with England."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: baL tgnesti rof a rydopew nbsseactu donuf ta eth eWhti eHosu no nSduay caem ckab ovietips rof acncioe, a skeoaspnm fro het eetcrS reiScev sida. eTh betnussac wsa nufdo rnea het tnenecra ot het eWts igWn, a aincloot wreeh fstaf-edl ruost fo het hieWt Hsueo sspa htguhor no heirt awy toni eth lbudiing.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The testings of a wiretap surveillance done to the White House on Sunday came back with evidence of collusion, a suspicion from the Secret Service. The statement was found near the entrance to the West Wing, an alcove where staff-led tours of the White House pass through their way to the building.", "scrambled": "baL tgnesti rof a rydopew nbsseactu donuf ta eth eWhti eHosu no nSduay caem ckab ovietips rof acncioe, a skeoaspnm fro het eetcrS reiScev sida. eTh betnussac wsa nufdo rnea het tnenecra ot het eWts igWn, a aincloot wreeh fstaf-edl ruost fo het hieWt Hsueo sspa htguhor no heirt awy toni eth lbudiing.", "original": "Lab testing for a powdery substance found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a spokesman for the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building.", "recovered": "The testings of a wiretap surveillance done to the White House on Sunday came back with evidence of collusion, a suspicion from the Secret Service. The statement was found near the entrance to the West Wing, an alcove where staff-led tours of the White House pass through their way to the building."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: braLo ayD si a dya ot onroh nad nzgroeeic eth acmeinrA bolra etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno lyutaacl het aslt yda fo smurme, ti\u2019s ftoen dlealc het \u201cuciaolfnfi ned\u201d sa ti skarm het nde fo het arlctuul smurme aeonss \u2014 nda het ned fo htsi ziqu!.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Although Day is a day of honor and recognition for American veterans, and though it's often a symbolic holiday for summer, it's often called the \"unofficial end\" of summer as it marks the end of the actual summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!", "scrambled": "braLo ayD si a dya ot onroh nad nzgroeeic eth acmeinrA bolra etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno lyutaacl het aslt yda fo smurme, ti\u2019s ftoen dlealc het \u201cuciaolfnfi ned\u201d sa ti skarm het nde fo het arlctuul smurme aeonss \u2014 nda het ned fo htsi ziqu!.", "original": "Labor Day is a day to honor and recognize the American labor movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!.", "recovered": "Although Day is a day of honor and recognition for American veterans, and though it's often a symbolic holiday for summer, it's often called the \"unofficial end\" of summer as it marks the end of the actual summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: asL eVasg ecplio veah eorpende rhiet evianiginttso iont teh durmre fo Tpacu rauhSk. hTe aprrep wsa tosh ni ebrSpetme 1996, daeg tusj 25, ni hwta ash eocbem eno fo eiarcmA\u2019s mtos runotoiso vuldneos rdmrue secsa. eoclPi adiedr a esohu ni nnesedHro, 15 slmie sttehsauo fo het ytci, zisneig prteuocsm, drha virdes nad spceriut, ancrdgcio ot CAB eNws.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The purpose of Trump's visit was to sign an agreement in September 1996, date just 25, in what was to become one of America's most notorious prison camps. Located in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, zigzagging perimeter, dirt roads and security, according to ABC News.", "scrambled": "asL eVasg ecplio veah eorpende rhiet evianiginttso iont teh durmre fo Tpacu rauhSk. hTe aprrep wsa tosh ni ebrSpetme 1996, daeg tusj 25, ni hwta ash eocbem eno fo eiarcmA\u2019s mtos runotoiso vuldneos rdmrue secsa. eoclPi adiedr a esohu ni nnesedHro, 15 slmie sttehsauo fo het ytci, zisneig prteuocsm, drha virdes nad spceriut, ancrdgcio ot CAB eNws.", "original": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and pictures, according to ABC News.", "recovered": "The purpose of Trump's visit was to sign an agreement in September 1996, date just 25, in what was to become one of America's most notorious prison camps. Located in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, zigzagging perimeter, dirt roads and security, according to ABC News."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: testLa esrhreac yb Whcih? fudno atht dilA ahs erimdaen eth csheaept seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na rgeeaav aetskb fo dgoso osngcti \u00a368.60 lsta tomhn. ldLi asw stju hbeidn ta \u00a370.51, eilwh setoWair swa eht tsom xepeinesv, ta \u00a386.91.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Which branch did Alan take the cheapest seat upgrade in May 2022, with a great saving of \u00a368.60 last month? Lloyds was just behind at \u00a370.51, whilst Starling was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "scrambled": "testLa esrhreac yb Whcih? fudno atht dilA ahs erimdaen eth csheaept seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na rgeeaav aetskb fo dgoso osngcti \u00a368.60 lsta tomhn. ldLi asw stju hbeidn ta \u00a370.51, eilwh setoWair swa eht tsom xepeinesv, ta \u00a386.91.", "original": "Latest research by Which? found that Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since May 2022, with an average basket of goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "recovered": "Which branch did Alan take the cheapest seat upgrade in May 2022, with a great saving of \u00a368.60 last month? Lloyds was just behind at \u00a370.51, whilst Starling was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eotL dssreed pu sa delerLfge\u2019s mfdea tca uetpethCo orf het agal ni ewN okYr no Mandyo, cwhih wsa ehtdme no teh elat soniafh sgeinerd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Lord's Prayer was adopted as the official prayer of the Gala in New York City, which was the theme of the late Sophia Regensdorf.", "scrambled": "eotL dssreed pu sa delerLfge\u2019s mfdea tca uetpethCo orf het agal ni ewN okYr no Mandyo, cwhih wsa ehtdme no teh elat soniafh sgeinerd.", "original": "Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat Choupette for the gala in New York on Monday, which was themed on the late fashion designer.", "recovered": "The Lord's Prayer was adopted as the official prayer of the Gala in New York City, which was the theme of the late Sophia Regensdorf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: izL Tsrsu\u2019s brefi egnir proldreyte osct ptryeasxa narley \u00a334,000 a yda ni snotmopceian sentyapm ot daeskc irisemtsn, dvaseisr dan fciaislof. laffOiic adat hssow thta caieslp isaedrvs erwe ipda a altot fo \u00a32.9 loiminl ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw heirt sebsso weer vieng eth btoo. uTsrs selehrf evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec ayp, ftaer reh iimn-ebgtud sdkapre sohca ni eth anilcnaif rsamtke.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Liz's brief revealed that approximately \u00a334,000 a year in compensation payments was being made to desk officers, despite a significant fall in staff. Official data shows that salaries were paid at a total of \u00a32.9 million in reimbursements when her bosses were being given the bonus. Liz herself received \u00a318,660 in reimbursements after her income-budgeted pay gap in the annual report.", "scrambled": "izL Tsrsu\u2019s brefi egnir proldreyte osct ptryeasxa narley \u00a334,000 a yda ni snotmopceian sentyapm ot daeskc irisemtsn, dvaseisr dan fciaislof. laffOiic adat hssow thta caieslp isaedrvs erwe ipda a altot fo \u00a32.9 loiminl ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw heirt sebsso weer vieng eth btoo. uTsrs selehrf evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec ayp, ftaer reh iimn-ebgtud sdkapre sohca ni eth anilcnaif rsamtke.", "original": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. Official data shows that special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance awards when their bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severance pay, after her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.", "recovered": "Liz's brief revealed that approximately \u00a334,000 a year in compensation payments was being made to desk officers, despite a significant fall in staff. Official data shows that salaries were paid at a total of \u00a32.9 million in reimbursements when her bosses were being given the bonus. Liz herself received \u00a318,660 in reimbursements after her income-budgeted pay gap in the annual report."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ldnnoo-saedb Rainssu gvnietasitnsoi gpuro eth iDoress treneC odfrefe a rear egmspli tnoi eth vapitre ilfe fo mlViirad Punti, ognbtinai ptosho fo ihs visalh 22-rcgaaier \u201coshgt rnait\u201d, peiqepdu thwi thwa areapp ot eb \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. rhOte uteersaf cdeilun a lylfu deepqpui rTkisuh abht asmet romo nda a ssmaaeg urlprao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " London-based Renaissance Investments, offering a rare example of the virtuous life of Virgil Pundit, obtained a photo of his lavish 22-room \u201cghost train\u201d, believed to be \u201cnight-angel masquerade\u201d. Other researchers concluded a full-fledged deep-dive into this and a similar uproar.", "scrambled": "Ldnnoo-saedb Rainssu gvnietasitnsoi gpuro eth iDoress treneC odfrefe a rear egmspli tnoi eth vapitre ilfe fo mlViirad Punti, ognbtinai ptosho fo ihs visalh 22-rcgaaier \u201coshgt rnait\u201d, peiqepdu thwi thwa areapp ot eb \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. rhOte uteersaf cdeilun a lylfu deepqpui rTkisuh abht asmet romo nda a ssmaaeg urlprao.", "original": "London-based Russian investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the private life of Vladimir Putin, obtaining photos of his lavish 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-ageing machines\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.", "recovered": "London-based Renaissance Investments, offering a rare example of the virtuous life of Virgil Pundit, obtained a photo of his lavish 22-room \u201cghost train\u201d, believed to be \u201cnight-angel masquerade\u201d. Other researchers concluded a full-fledged deep-dive into this and a similar uproar."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tnouL noTw\u2019s niw nmase teh atme llwi rtuner ot eth pto vsoiidni rof teh rstfi emti icnse 1992, a snaoes eorefb eth Pimerre uLeega asw cratdee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Now\u2019s the time will turn to the vote of the first amendment since 1992, a sign of the Prime Rule League was created.", "scrambled": "tnouL noTw\u2019s niw nmase teh atme llwi rtuner ot eth pto vsoiidni rof teh rstfi emti icnse 1992, a snaoes eorefb eth Pimerre uLeega asw cratdee.", "original": "Luton Town\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was created.", "recovered": "Now\u2019s the time will turn to the vote of the first amendment since 1992, a sign of the Prime Rule League was created."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: kMrea rosbaH si glhcreniuna het itorcob ffulyf yot orf het 25ht yvsnrenaiar fo sit iargonli eerlsea, ubt hiwt neo tiotampnr gsined nacegh \u2013 eth ewn dmloe sah na ffo schwit. eTh ialiogrn yuFsbr locud tno eb hstu nwdo dan wree ronep ot \u201caewk pu\u201d dan ttsar cghtiatn ni het itngh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mark Robinson is celebrating his 25th anniversary of working in international relations, but with one important difference \u2013 the own role has changed from chief. The original purpose could be seen as \u201cwake up\u201d and start creating change in the thing.", "scrambled": "kMrea rosbaH si glhcreniuna het itorcob ffulyf yot orf het 25ht yvsnrenaiar fo sit iargonli eerlsea, ubt hiwt neo tiotampnr gsined nacegh \u2013 eth ewn dmloe sah na ffo schwit. eTh ialiogrn yuFsbr locud tno eb hstu nwdo dan wree ronep ot \u201caewk pu\u201d dan ttsar cghtiatn ni het itngh.", "original": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the robotic fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Furbys could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting in the night.", "recovered": "Mark Robinson is celebrating his 25th anniversary of working in international relations, but with one important difference \u2013 the own role has changed from chief. The original purpose could be seen as \u201cwake up\u201d and start creating change in the thing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ynaM uMssilm illw atfs ormf uusnp ot wnsdnuo eyver ayd fro na etiner omtnh. hsTi reya, namRdaa unsr rmfo raMhc 22 ot rApil 21.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many Muslims will fast from sunrise to sundown every day from March 22 to April 21.", "scrambled": "ynaM uMssilm illw atfs ormf uusnp ot wnsdnuo eyver ayd fro na etiner omtnh. hsTi reya, namRdaa unsr rmfo raMhc 22 ot rApil 21.", "original": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21.", "recovered": "Many Muslims will fast from sunrise to sundown every day from March 22 to April 21."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: anyM gsiconmrarimso nac setgid ipatscl ta pemtusreaert evaob 30C, btu eth sciyvodre yb rresehascre ta eth swisS rledFea eutniItst pseva teh ayw rof a cuhm reom rynege-iefcnfeti hmdeot fo crygcelni.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Any modifications to the specified temperature of 30C, but the decision by researchers to the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology PESVA the way for a much more energy-efficient heating method of cryogenic.", "scrambled": "anyM gsiconmrarimso nac setgid ipatscl ta pemtusreaert evaob 30C, btu eth sciyvodre yb rresehascre ta eth swisS rledFea eutniItst pseva teh ayw rof a cuhm reom rynege-iefcnfeti hmdeot fo crygcelni.", "original": "Many microorganisms can digest plastic at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.", "recovered": "Any modifications to the specified temperature of 30C, but the decision by researchers to the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology PESVA the way for a much more energy-efficient heating method of cryogenic."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ynMa pploee oundar eht rdlow reow lerppu no esWdanyde ni nohro fo orWld Luspu yDa, a lolbag aunnal neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta ot het euisyotsrm ediesas iagcitpmn eorm ntha 5 lmlinio eplepo ni het SU nloea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people around the world were helped by the World Food Programme on a global annual basis that includes nutritional assistance to the vulnerable communities impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, with over 5 million people in the US alone.", "scrambled": "ynMa pploee oundar eht rdlow reow lerppu no esWdanyde ni nohro fo orWld Luspu yDa, a lolbag aunnal neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta ot het euisyotsrm ediesas iagcitpmn eorm ntha 5 lmlinio eplepo ni het SU nloea.", "original": "Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Lupus Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "recovered": "Many people around the world were helped by the World Food Programme on a global annual basis that includes nutritional assistance to the vulnerable communities impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, with over 5 million people in the US alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rMhca dssaMne si nopu su.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " March madness is upon us.", "scrambled": "rMhca dssaMne si nopu su.", "original": "March Madness is upon us.", "recovered": "March madness is upon us."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: raMk tuRet, teh ntoselg-vsirgen hucDt iprem eirmitsn ni oysitrh, lwli dasnt owdn rtfae 13 esyar ni prowe. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl rMka\u201d rfo shi biyitla ot wnasdihtt cilaptlio ecriss, utetR etxyeldcnepu oenndcnua eh luwdo aveel ocsltpii tearf eth umnuta aenerlg entiecol. nI eth 27-noinat UE, yonl nHgaruy\u2019s tkriVo Oarbn sha bene ni rchgea orf lengro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mark Rutte, the Netherlands-versus-Hutch prime minister in office since 2010, will stand for a third term in power. Marking \u201cTen Years Rutte\u201d for his political accomplishments, Rutte expectedly announced he would seek the ultimate general election victory in the 27-nation EU, Hungary's Viktor Orban has been in charge of longer.", "scrambled": "raMk tuRet, teh ntoselg-vsirgen hucDt iprem eirmitsn ni oysitrh, lwli dasnt owdn rtfae 13 esyar ni prowe. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl rMka\u201d rfo shi biyitla ot wnasdihtt cilaptlio ecriss, utetR etxyeldcnepu oenndcnua eh luwdo aveel ocsltpii tearf eth umnuta aenerlg entiecol. nI eth 27-noinat UE, yonl nHgaruy\u2019s tkriVo Oarbn sha bene ni rchgea orf lengro.", "original": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch prime minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. Nicknamed \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for his ability to withstand political crises, Rutte unexpectedly announced he would leave politics after the autumn general election. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orban has been in charge for longer.", "recovered": "Mark Rutte, the Netherlands-versus-Hutch prime minister in office since 2010, will stand for a third term in power. Marking \u201cTen Years Rutte\u201d for his political accomplishments, Rutte expectedly announced he would seek the ultimate general election victory in the 27-nation EU, Hungary's Viktor Orban has been in charge of longer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: arkM Zruceberkg coneaudnn htta ragtmnsaI uerss ilwl onw eb blae ot aeshr pu ot vefi snilk ni ierht iorelpf \u201ciob\u201d. sPyuvoiler, yonl neo inkl ot eentlarx bteeswsi swa ldleaow. niFd uto moer itwh Teh keWe erUawdppn aotdscp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share photos to their Stories \u201cHighlights\u201d. Spoiler, only one link will be allowed between stories and profiles. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "arkM Zruceberkg coneaudnn htta ragtmnsaI uerss ilwl onw eb blae ot aeshr pu ot vefi snilk ni ierht iorelpf \u201ciob\u201d. sPyuvoiler, yonl neo inkl ot eentlarx bteeswsi swa ldleaow. niFd uto moer itwh Teh keWe erUawdppn aotdscp.", "original": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share photos to their Stories \u201cHighlights\u201d. Spoiler, only one link will be allowed between stories and profiles. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnealr\u00e8 cpSahpia, mstiiern rfo teh sliaoc eyocmon dan oiacnstossai, egva na iteenwirv no gderne qauelyti dan GQLBT+ srgith ot het ncFreh-agenulag indteoi fo blaoyPy emzianga. ehS readapep no het oecrv niewrga a tehwi sedrs. tBu teh orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e roneB, sa \u201cnto ta lla oprapitaepr, lepasylice ni het rrenutc drpeoi\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Although Python language, with its simple syntax and vast assortment of libraries, has enabled developers to achieve great quality and GLBT+ friendly software, the French-language industry was not so receptive. The overworked developers were often ridiculed by the French media, such as Le Monde, as \u201cnot being able to properly participate in the current debate\u201d.", "scrambled": "Mnealr\u00e8 cpSahpia, mstiiern rfo teh sliaoc eyocmon dan oiacnstossai, egva na iteenwirv no gderne qauelyti dan GQLBT+ srgith ot het ncFreh-agenulag indteoi fo blaoyPy emzianga. ehS readapep no het oecrv niewrga a tehwi sedrs. tBu teh orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e roneB, sa \u201cnto ta lla oprapitaepr, lepasylice ni het rrenutc drpeoi\u201d.", "original": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister for the social economy and associations, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the cover was described by the French prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, especially in the current period\u201d.", "recovered": "Although Python language, with its simple syntax and vast assortment of libraries, has enabled developers to achieve great quality and GLBT+ friendly software, the French-language industry was not so receptive. The overworked developers were often ridiculed by the French media, such as Le Monde, as \u201cnot being able to properly participate in the current debate\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: arsM sha pasdpew tsi npiarwgp omrf spctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp fo a rediv ot meak tis rtusdpco mroe noemynaltilnerv irednyfl. Teh eprpa-radpwpe rasb ehva ngoe no elsa ta 500 Tcose tesosr, dan fi eth ltrai egso llew, het eapwpsrr lwli eb ledlor uot ot lla aiertsrle nda ot ethro sraM eattsr, cshu sa Sirkencs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mars has passed within proximity of Earth's satellite to facilitate a rapid deployment of a rover to make this spacecraft more nominally navigable friendly. The pre-programmed path has gone no less than 500 kilometers, and if the trail goes well, the spacecraft will be deployed out to all areas and to other Mars territories, such as Scandinavia.", "scrambled": "arsM sha pasdpew tsi npiarwgp omrf spctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp fo a rediv ot meak tis rtusdpco mroe noemynaltilnerv irednyfl. Teh eprpa-radpwpe rasb ehva ngoe no elsa ta 500 Tcose tesosr, dan fi eth ltrai egso llew, het eapwpsrr lwli eb ledlor uot ot lla aiertsrle nda ot ethro sraM eattsr, cshu sa Sirkencs.", "original": "Mars has swapped its wrapping from plastic to recyclable paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars treats, such as Snickers.", "recovered": "Mars has passed within proximity of Earth's satellite to facilitate a rapid deployment of a rover to make this spacecraft more nominally navigable friendly. The pre-programmed path has gone no less than 500 kilometers, and if the trail goes well, the spacecraft will be deployed out to all areas and to other Mars territories, such as Scandinavia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: axM arPk tes eth enw rrcedo rof het fsatste 3x3x3 ukiRb\u2019s ueCb meti ta a ptconeoimit ni oLgn aBhec ni ihs anietv iCainroalf. eTh 21-eyra-odl, woh asw naosdideg whit ratmoeed ot servee smatui sa a lichd, eatb hte 3.47-odnsce rordec tes yb naiCh\u2019s suehngY uD ni 2018.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Max Park set the new record of the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik's Cube solve to a single-time limit in Long Beach, California in his attempt to qualify for the World Cube Association. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with autism to serve as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by Niels' Veltman in 2018.", "scrambled": "axM arPk tes eth enw rrcedo rof het fsatste 3x3x3 ukiRb\u2019s ueCb meti ta a ptconeoimit ni oLgn aBhec ni ihs anietv iCainroalf. eTh 21-eyra-odl, woh asw naosdideg whit ratmoeed ot servee smatui sa a lichd, eatb hte 3.47-odnsce rordec tes yb naiCh\u2019s suehngY uD ni 2018.", "original": "Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach in his native California. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.", "recovered": "Max Park set the new record of the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik's Cube solve to a single-time limit in Long Beach, California in his attempt to qualify for the World Cube Association. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with autism to serve as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by Niels' Veltman in 2018."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aMy si ilntNaao BQB nhtoM. uyJl si ionaNatl rlrBebuye nMtoh, oatnaliN eIc amreC ohntM adn ontaaliN oatnerWmel hotnM.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " My sister Annabelle QBQM not only. Usually Annatalie Rubybelle Mothn, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month.", "scrambled": "aMy si ilntNaao BQB nhtoM. uyJl si ionaNatl rlrBebuye nMtoh, oatnaliN eIc amreC ohntM adn ontaaliN oatnerWmel hotnM.", "original": "May is National BBQ Month. July is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month.", "recovered": "My sister Annabelle QBQM not only. Usually Annatalie Rubybelle Mothn, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: doDaMlcn\u2019s, whcih ash nbee fioucsgn no ruanpidgg tis ecor stmie ot sobto essla, si nirlglo tuo a reisse fo hsnagce ot ivporem tsi lccassi sugbrre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Modern science, which has been focusing on upgrading this core system of robots, is gradually turning into a precise language of human gestures to improve its accuracy.", "scrambled": "doDaMlcn\u2019s, whcih ash nbee fioucsgn no ruanpidgg tis ecor stmie ot sobto essla, si nirlglo tuo a reisse fo hsnagce ot ivporem tsi lccassi sugbrre.", "original": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classic burgers.", "recovered": "Modern science, which has been focusing on upgrading this core system of robots, is gradually turning into a precise language of human gestures to improve its accuracy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aMet ulnedhca na ppa elaldc aTershd ttha si eddeintn ot ffreo a cpaes orf arle-item ooissecnntvar nonile \u2014 a iutofncn atth ash lgon bnee rewttTi\u2019s rceo nelslgi ontpi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The challenge appalled a tenant that was dependent on free a space for large-item possessions \u2014 a function that has long been a tenant\u2019s recourse in dealing with eviction.", "scrambled": "aMet ulnedhca na ppa elaldc aTershd ttha si eddeintn ot ffreo a cpaes orf arle-item ooissecnntvar nonile \u2014 a iutofncn atth ash lgon bnee rewttTi\u2019s rceo nelslgi ontpi.", "original": "Meta launched an app called Threads that is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.", "recovered": "The challenge appalled a tenant that was dependent on free a space for large-item possessions \u2014 a function that has long been a tenant\u2019s recourse in dealing with eviction."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: cheiMal adoJnr\u2019s coicni 1998 BNA ialFsn esarsekn sldo fro a rcoder $2.2 lonilmi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Joe Biden's coin collection from 1998 sold for a record $2.2 million.", "scrambled": "cheiMal adoJnr\u2019s coicni 1998 BNA ialFsn esarsekn sldo fro a rcoder $2.2 lonilmi.", "original": "Michael Jordan\u2019s iconic 1998 NBA Finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.", "recovered": "Joe Biden's coin collection from 1998 sold for a record $2.2 million."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tyMirial etsj rwee \u201cutaedzorhi ot trveal ta coipsesurn sseedp\u201d sa yhte deacr ot mkea cnoctta htiw na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn ni eth niorge atth talre racdseh ni a hveliay wodode reaa. heT ytaedrrrnoixa depes fo teh tjse scueda a inocs mboo ssrcao teh gtWsahnoin, CD, raea atth nocfedus anym dneeissrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel to compass points\u201d said the decree to make contact with a new spacecraft traffic filing in the region at the taller radar dish in a heavily wooded area. The territorial jurisdiction of the task scheduled a nearby moon to cross the Washington, DC, area at the confluence any moment desisted.", "scrambled": "tyMirial etsj rwee \u201cutaedzorhi ot trveal ta coipsesurn sseedp\u201d sa yhte deacr ot mkea cnoctta htiw na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn ni eth niorge atth talre racdseh ni a hveliay wodode reaa. heT ytaedrrrnoixa depes fo teh tjse scueda a inocs mboo ssrcao teh gtWsahnoin, CD, raea atth nocfedus anym dneeissrt.", "original": "Military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d as they raced to make contact with an unresponsive aircraft flying in the region that later crashed in a heavily wooded area. The extraordinary speed of the jets caused a sonic boom across the Washington, DC, area that confused many residents.", "recovered": "The military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel to compass points\u201d said the decree to make contact with a new spacecraft traffic filing in the region at the taller radar dish in a heavily wooded area. The territorial jurisdiction of the task scheduled a nearby moon to cross the Washington, DC, area at the confluence any moment desisted."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Monilsil fo opelpe rniema ta rsik fo lnianhig eaoipyltlnt lhmafur ari sa eilwfrdi okmes gninatgioir rmfo anCdaa dusrsoh jorma SU esciit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Simple tools like highlighting, formatting, and spell-check can help improve your communication skills for a job interview or a college essay.", "scrambled": "Monilsil fo opelpe rniema ta rsik fo lnianhig eaoipyltlnt lhmafur ari sa eilwfrdi okmes gninatgioir rmfo anCdaa dusrsoh jorma SU esciit.", "original": "Millions of people remain at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke originating from Canada shrouds major US cities.", "recovered": "Simple tools like highlighting, formatting, and spell-check can help improve your communication skills for a job interview or a college essay."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: anoMtan vGo. geGr trniaGofe esdign a lbil dsdeaWney agbnnin ToTikk ni eht teast eovr ceerivedp ersticyu ncscoern. heT tlrsoecnroavi alw, ichwh llwi atek ecftef ni rayaJun, ueintlso eilatoptn nfsie fo $10,000 erp ayd fro ortlsoaiv.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Monatan Go. Gregg Feinstein announced a bill designed to increase ToTikk in the test over perceived strictness concerns. The cross-collaboration will take effect in May, until a total of $10,000 per day from cross-collaboration.", "scrambled": "anoMtan vGo. geGr trniaGofe esdign a lbil dsdeaWney agbnnin ToTikk ni eht teast eovr ceerivedp ersticyu ncscoern. heT tlrsoecnroavi alw, ichwh llwi atek ecftef ni rayaJun, ueintlso eilatoptn nfsie fo $10,000 erp ayd fro ortlsoaiv.", "original": "Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived security concerns. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per day for violators.", "recovered": "Monatan Go. Gregg Feinstein announced a bill designed to increase ToTikk in the test over perceived strictness concerns. The cross-collaboration will take effect in May, until a total of $10,000 per day from cross-collaboration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv eowdmlnt, ettuosShw ieniAlsr isad tsi gsknioob ni rMcah eerw fynllai cbka no cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 iinboll ni eth rartueq, ndarogcci ot het pmaocyn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Most recently a holiday survey showed that Americans is spending roughly $5.7 billion in the retail sector, according to the company. Receive a discount of 22% off.", "scrambled": "htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv eowdmlnt, ettuosShw ieniAlsr isad tsi gsknioob ni rMcah eerw fynllai cbka no cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 iinboll ni eth rartueq, ndarogcci ot het pmaocyn.", "original": "Months after a holiday service meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on track. Revenue soared 22% to $5.7 billion in the quarter, according to the company.", "recovered": "Most recently a holiday survey showed that Americans is spending roughly $5.7 billion in the retail sector, according to the company. Receive a discount of 22% off."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eoMr hatn 17,600 ilryatim prlnnoees rea gktani arpt ni rdslli igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere dan a tabo-iingskn keocrt sltsaau, iamd easfr atht nhCai amy eb ppnrraegi ot nuahlc na fnoeeivfs nastiga wnaTia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in a tabletop-exercises, aimed at helping China prepare for potential naval confrontations in the South China Sea.", "scrambled": "eoMr hatn 17,600 ilryatim prlnnoees rea gktani arpt ni rdslli igcuidnln ivle-feri cixessere dan a tabo-iingskn keocrt sltsaau, iamd easfr atht nhCai amy eb ppnrraegi ot nuahlc na fnoeeivfs nastiga wnaTia.", "original": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including live-fire exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive against Taiwan.", "recovered": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in a tabletop-exercises, aimed at helping China prepare for potential naval confrontations in the South China Sea."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eorM nhta 200 leppeo heav eneb resucde ncise audnSy ni rVtomne, eerhw ldfniogo sha mseeugrdb smhoe nda ndreut ttsrsee oitn iservr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " More than 200 people have been rescued since November, where flooding has submerged some and destroyed others in rivers.", "scrambled": "eorM nhta 200 leppeo heav eneb resucde ncise audnSy ni rVtomne, eerhw ldfniogo sha mseeugrdb smhoe nda ndreut ttsrsee oitn iservr.", "original": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has submerged homes and turned streets into rivers.", "recovered": "More than 200 people have been rescued since November, where flooding has submerged some and destroyed others in rivers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rMoe ntha alhf fo hte sga oitssnat ni eth miiaM-trFo dleudLraea aare ewer hotiwut noesalig Wdndeysea fetra goioldnf mfor atsl kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt dsecua a eawv fo acipn igubny yb irrdesv tgoippn fof ietrh nksta.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " More than half of the saga participants in the Middle-Fraudalera are were without significant Wednesday evening following golding for all kewe's viessam storm dsecua a wave of panic ignby by riversd toppin off their knsta.", "scrambled": "rMoe ntha alhf fo hte sga oitssnat ni eth miiaM-trFo dleudLraea aare ewer hotiwut noesalig Wdndeysea fetra goioldnf mfor atsl kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt dsecua a eawv fo acipn igubny yb irrdesv tgoippn fof ietrh nksta.", "original": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after flooding from last week\u2019s massive storm caused a wave of panic buying by drivers topping off their tanks.", "recovered": "More than half of the saga participants in the Middle-Fraudalera are were without significant Wednesday evening following golding for all kewe's viessam storm dsecua a wave of panic ignby by riversd toppin off their knsta."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mcwsoo uhtosg ot srusaeer lMai\u2019s rlguin aimtlriy unatj atht arWeng corfes dlouw nectinou ot gfhit asitIlsm nsgnriuset ni het wra-ntor fiacArn onycrut, dmai raesf btauo hte riwed tualflo fo eth yenremacr prgou\u2019s alefdi gusnipir ni asRsui. heT treolv ecucdorr skeew ratef Mial ecldal no NU eecseerkppea ot aleev \u201cuwhotit eyald\u201d, ignnoneucd hte eedacd-nlog nsimosi\u2019s \u201cralifeu\u201d ot onerdps ot tyirseuc cgslelaneh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Much to her surprise, Mai\u2019s ruling military unit that Warren Corps followed a continuous flow of institutionalism notwithstanding the war-torn fraction of anarchy, aimed to bring about the desired outcome of the remainder of the group\u2019s leadership in Russia. The revolt succeeded in making Mai declare a new \u201cunholy alliance\u201d, acknowledging the dead-long mission\u2019s \u201crally\u201d of orders to tyrannical challenges.", "scrambled": "Mcwsoo uhtosg ot srusaeer lMai\u2019s rlguin aimtlriy unatj atht arWeng corfes dlouw nectinou ot gfhit asitIlsm nsgnriuset ni het wra-ntor fiacArn onycrut, dmai raesf btauo hte riwed tualflo fo eth yenremacr prgou\u2019s alefdi gusnipir ni asRsui. heT treolv ecucdorr skeew ratef Mial ecldal no NU eecseerkppea ot aleev \u201cuwhotit eyald\u201d, ignnoneucd hte eedacd-nlog nsimosi\u2019s \u201cralifeu\u201d ot onerdps ot tyirseuc cgslelaneh.", "original": "Moscow sought to reassure Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn African country, amid fears about the wider fallout of the mercenary group\u2019s failed uprising in Russia. The revolt occurred weeks after Mali called on UN peacekeepers to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond to security challenges.", "recovered": "Much to her surprise, Mai\u2019s ruling military unit that Warren Corps followed a continuous flow of institutionalism notwithstanding the war-torn fraction of anarchy, aimed to bring about the desired outcome of the remainder of the group\u2019s leadership in Russia. The revolt succeeded in making Mai declare a new \u201cunholy alliance\u201d, acknowledging the dead-long mission\u2019s \u201crally\u201d of orders to tyrannical challenges."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: soMt thniosarsi ceditr hiaCn ihtw eth ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 DA. uBt ti swa ni eth 1830s ttah naiatIl osvnitner dadde acetr otuamns fo atmsel ot het imx dan cederat eth lufolocr yapssdil ttah azdlez su onw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " But it was in the 1830s that Italy established a custom of allowing the export of marble from the Carrara quarries to the foreign markets that had already passed the local laws that allowed such a practice.", "scrambled": "soMt thniosarsi ceditr hiaCn ihtw eth ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 DA. uBt ti swa ni eth 1830s ttah naiatIl osvnitner dadde acetr otuamns fo atmsel ot het imx dan cederat eth lufolocr yapssdil ttah azdlez su onw.", "original": "Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now.", "recovered": "But it was in the 1830s that Italy established a custom of allowing the export of marble from the Carrara quarries to the foreign markets that had already passed the local laws that allowed such a practice."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ksuM ndnneauco hsit kewe hatt hsi ncmyopa\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge fomr eth ellw-nknow eubl bidr ot a lacbk X. Teh lbeorlniiai\u2019s enocasrlivtro aerbrnd aws iywedl duiceridl, iwth breFso iicirisgntc mhi rfo \u201cegnttsi tognhmsei no irfe eh aidp $44 ibllino orf\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some economists thought that the economy's goal would change from the well-known global bid for a lack of X. The liberalization's encouragement abroad was widely criticized, with French officials insisting on \"getting something together in order to help the $44 billion off\".", "scrambled": "ksuM ndnneauco hsit kewe hatt hsi ncmyopa\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge fomr eth ellw-nknow eubl bidr ot a lacbk X. Teh lbeorlniiai\u2019s enocasrlivtro aerbrnd aws iywedl duiceridl, iwth breFso iicirisgntc mhi rfo \u201cegnttsi tognhmsei no irfe eh aidp $44 ibllino orf\u201d.", "original": "Musk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo would change from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s controversial rebrand was widely ridiculed, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d.", "recovered": "Some economists thought that the economy's goal would change from the well-known global bid for a lack of X. The liberalization's encouragement abroad was widely criticized, with French officials insisting on \"getting something together in order to help the $44 billion off\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ltNxfie sha edrahs viexsecul nwe elsadti ofr hte dosnce onsesa fo sit wuaynar hti \u201cquSdi emGa,\u201d het ohStu oneKar ithlerlr esesri ni hcwih ensansocttt owh rea pdleye ni bted alpy eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa ni eorrd ot nwi a nto fo chsa \u2014 tihw hte olsres tegingt iledkl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Next to the radical new ideals of the French Revolution, the phrase \u201cQu'est-ce que c'est?\u201d (What is this?) uttered by the Marquis de Lafayette at the Battle of Brandywine in 1777 was a powerful symbol of the struggle to bring about a new order of things \u2014 with the old order crumbling away.", "scrambled": "ltNxfie sha edrahs viexsecul nwe elsadti ofr hte dosnce onsesa fo sit wuaynar hti \u201cquSdi emGa,\u201d het ohStu oneKar ithlerlr esesri ni hcwih ensansocttt owh rea pdleye ni bted alpy eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa ni eorrd ot nwi a nto fo chsa \u2014 tihw hte olsres tegingt iledkl.", "original": "Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South Korean thriller series in which contestants who are deeply in debt play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.", "recovered": "Next to the radical new ideals of the French Revolution, the phrase \u201cQu'est-ce que c'est?\u201d (What is this?) uttered by the Marquis de Lafayette at the Battle of Brandywine in 1777 was a powerful symbol of the struggle to bring about a new order of things \u2014 with the old order crumbling away."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eNw kYro tusm tpos lgiiudnb kcparrssyse ro ti llwi nksi, a wne tysud sah rnwdea. eerhT ear hghtuot ot eb noe illmnoi duniisblg ni Nwe korY tyCi, ignegihw na tidamtsee 771 ionimll nnoste, nda het dusyt, ddaeeh yb mTo rPsosan fo het nUdeti stSeat ogGioalecl vrSyue, nufdo atth eth itcy si \u201cpgoppinl rceslo\u201d ot het wtrae ta a erta fo 1 ot 2mm a aery, \u201cithw soem raase nsgisbdiu hcmu stefra\u201d, isad eth wNe rkoY osPt. wroeL ataMantnh si rrlitcalapyu ta rski, dan rteeh si tegehdehin rconnec ofr tboh oonBrkly nda enQues.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " New York must stop ludicrously disproportionate responses to minor crimes, a new study says. There are huge outliers to be noted in New York City, including the dataset 771 misdemeanor arrests, and the dust, added by the Police Department of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cpopping red-light\u201d to the water to a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some racial disparities showing up\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is teetering connection for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "scrambled": "eNw kYro tusm tpos lgiiudnb kcparrssyse ro ti llwi nksi, a wne tysud sah rnwdea. eerhT ear hghtuot ot eb noe illmnoi duniisblg ni Nwe korY tyCi, ignegihw na tidamtsee 771 ionimll nnoste, nda het dusyt, ddaeeh yb mTo rPsosan fo het nUdeti stSeat ogGioalecl vrSyue, nufdo atth eth itcy si \u201cpgoppinl rceslo\u201d ot het wtrae ta a erta fo 1 ot 2mm a aery, \u201cithw soem raase nsgisbdiu hcmu stefra\u201d, isad eth wNe rkoY osPt. wroeL ataMantnh si rrlitcalapyu ta rski, dan rteeh si tegehdehin rconnec ofr tboh oonBrkly nda enQues.", "original": "New York must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million buildings in New York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas subsiding much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "recovered": "New York must stop ludicrously disproportionate responses to minor crimes, a new study says. There are huge outliers to be noted in New York City, including the dataset 771 misdemeanor arrests, and the dust, added by the Police Department of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cpopping red-light\u201d to the water to a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some racial disparities showing up\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is teetering connection for both Brooklyn and Queens."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nlywe eseraeld oloitaprMten Pcloie atda ash eeelradv thta na aegarve fo 248 hpeon sethtf a ady eerw oetrpder ni 2022 ni hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh osbgruoh thwi eth ostm ftsthe erew esmretnWsit (25,899), nadCem (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) nda anHkcey (4,618).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Nearly all metropolitan police areas have revealed that they will have achieved a target of 248 police officers per 100,000 population by 2022 in the English population. The boroughs with the most officers were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Waltham Forest (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "scrambled": "Nlywe eseraeld oloitaprMten Pcloie atda ash eeelradv thta na aegarve fo 248 hpeon sethtf a ady eerw oetrpder ni 2022 ni hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh osbgruoh thwi eth ostm ftsthe erew esmretnWsit (25,899), nadCem (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) nda anHkcey (4,618).", "original": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most thefts were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "recovered": "Nearly all metropolitan police areas have revealed that they will have achieved a target of 248 police officers per 100,000 population by 2022 in the English population. The boroughs with the most officers were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Waltham Forest (5,690) and Hackney (4,618)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sweN bokre sthi ewek atth het oenmvtgren addhen a \u00a31.6 nlloiib crnctaot ot triausaAnl mifr opCreraot ralveT aeameMgtnn ot vroec ehtre fsooefhr yumlas-eekser elsevss. ehT meneotgnvr cmlidae het \u201cltsolafe\u201d dwulo eb \u201cciysitglaifnn peearch\u201d anht gsuinoh rsrlavia ni oheslt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The management of the travel and hospitality sector has undertaken a \u00a31.6 billion contract to develop a framework for the recovery of the sector. The mentioned contract would be \u201cfacilitative\u201d rather than \u201cprescriptive\u201d and should provide a holistic approach to recovery.", "scrambled": "sweN bokre sthi ewek atth het oenmvtgren addhen a \u00a31.6 nlloiib crnctaot ot triausaAnl mifr opCreraot ralveT aeameMgtnn ot vroec ehtre fsooefhr yumlas-eekser elsevss. ehT meneotgnvr cmlidae het \u201cltsolafe\u201d dwulo eb \u201cciysitglaifnn peearch\u201d anht gsuinoh rsrlavia ni oheslt.", "original": "News broke this week that the government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian firm Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-seeker vessels. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing arrivals in hotels.", "recovered": "The management of the travel and hospitality sector has undertaken a \u00a31.6 billion contract to develop a framework for the recovery of the sector. The mentioned contract would be \u201cfacilitative\u201d rather than \u201cprescriptive\u201d and should provide a holistic approach to recovery."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: thrNo donLon iCtelealog Socolh ilwl litra deihss shcu sa eCinshe-setyl sendool ihtw aityrike rpaogshsrpe, ewets hilcil nad mlie rectskci, dan acenMix ecir pdoetp hwti auoflfb mrsow.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Though London College of Social Sciences will provide its students with a typical school experience, with classes and a mix of extra-curricular activities, it will also offer a wealth of opportunities with its off-campus programmes.", "scrambled": "thrNo donLon iCtelealog Socolh ilwl litra deihss shcu sa eCinshe-setyl sendool ihtw aityrike rpaogshsrpe, ewets hilcil nad mlie rectskci, dan acenMix ecir pdoetp hwti auoflfb mrsow.", "original": "North London Collegiate School will trial dishes such as Chinese-style noodles with teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime crickets, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.", "recovered": "Though London College of Social Sciences will provide its students with a typical school experience, with classes and a mix of extra-curricular activities, it will also offer a wealth of opportunities with its off-campus programmes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: PEOC, iwhhc lpespsui a alerg torpino fo hte odwlr\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti lliw ctu itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 liilonm sebarrl a yda rgnttias ni yMa \u2013 a eomv ttah ents loi cersip uigsrgn sthi ekew.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " People, which suggests a larger portion of the world's population is now connected to the internet, concluded that nearly 1.6 billion people are now using mobile broadband \u2013 a move that suggests even greater access to this new world.", "scrambled": "PEOC, iwhhc lpespsui a alerg torpino fo hte odwlr\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti lliw ctu itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 liilonm sebarrl a yda rgnttias ni yMa \u2013 a eomv ttah ents loi cersip uigsrgn sthi ekew.", "original": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week.", "recovered": "People, which suggests a larger portion of the world's population is now connected to the internet, concluded that nearly 1.6 billion people are now using mobile broadband \u2013 a move that suggests even greater access to this new world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fO mroe htna 1,000 tsxih-ormf pispul uyresedv yb khitn-ktan itvCisa, 26% laos disa thta ecmtail cgehan dha mead ihetr aityxen ro sadenss swoer. dnA afhl adsi htta opelep hdolus vahe rwfee dilnrche ni edrro ot cketal emactil ehancg dan rpoaenuvlotipo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For more than 1,000 Chinese-speaking people surveyed by think-tank Civis, 26% also said that economic change had made their living situation worse. And almost half said that people have felt deeper financial hardship in recent years.", "scrambled": "fO mroe htna 1,000 tsxih-ormf pispul uyresedv yb khitn-ktan itvCisa, 26% laos disa thta ecmtail cgehan dha mead ihetr aityxen ro sadenss swoer. dnA afhl adsi htta opelep hdolus vahe rwfee dilnrche ni edrro ot cketal emactil ehancg dan rpoaenuvlotipo.", "original": "Of more than 1,000 sixth-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% also said that climate change had made their anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to tackle climate change and overpopulation.", "recovered": "For more than 1,000 Chinese-speaking people surveyed by think-tank Civis, 26% also said that economic change had made their living situation worse. And almost half said that people have felt deeper financial hardship in recent years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: cnOromi nrsabtuiav cArsrtuu wsa rtsfi eeectdtd ni tela yuaJrna nda si inbge otreoindm yb eht dolWr leHhta gnzoitOaanri sa a artaniv fo crencno. sCsae aevh eben ropredet ni ta estla 27 nroisteuc, icninugdl teh KU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The coronavirus outbreak was first detected in the Wuhan region of China and is believed to originate from a seafood market. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the U.S.", "scrambled": "cnOromi nrsabtuiav cArsrtuu wsa rtsfi eeectdtd ni tela yuaJrna nda si inbge otreoindm yb eht dolWr leHhta gnzoitOaanri sa a artaniv fo crencno. sCsae aevh eben ropredet ni ta estla 27 nroisteuc, icninugdl teh KU.", "original": "Omicron subvariant Arcturus was first detected in late January and is being monitored by the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "recovered": "The coronavirus outbreak was first detected in the Wuhan region of China and is believed to originate from a seafood market. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the U.S."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO iAlrp 3, 1973, het tfirs lcel enhpo lalc aws aemd no a wasleikd ni eNw krYo tyiC hiwt a vdeeci het zsie fo a cikbr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On April 3, 1973, the first legal same-sex wedding took place in New York City with a ceremony held at the St. Mark's Church in-the-Bowery.", "scrambled": "nO iAlrp 3, 1973, het tfirs lcel enhpo lalc aws aemd no a wasleikd ni eNw krYo tyiC hiwt a vdeeci het zsie fo a cikbr.", "original": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.", "recovered": "On April 3, 1973, the first legal same-sex wedding took place in New York City with a ceremony held at the St. Mark's Church in-the-Bowery."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO eJnu 17, 2021, nsPeetird eoJ dnBie gensdi a lbil onit lwa cninrzgieog nnettJehue tnialNoa pneIenecdnde yDa. deniB asdi eth emnomt wlli og odwn sa \u201cneo fo het rsaegtte sonrho\u201d fo ish ipcedsreny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth as a national holiday. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency.", "scrambled": "nO eJnu 17, 2021, nsPeetird eoJ dnBie gensdi a lbil onit lwa cninrzgieog nnettJehue tnialNoa pneIenecdnde yDa. deniB asdi eth emnomt wlli og odwn sa \u201cneo fo het rsaegtte sonrho\u201d fo ish ipcedsreny.", "original": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth National Independence Day. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency.", "recovered": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth as a national holiday. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO aonydM, erTwtti ssrue entdo taht eht uelb bdri oglo ulyusal donuf no wrTttei\u2019s amhpeeog dna onildga csenre ash own nbee elcreadp twih na eiagm fo oDge, eth aSbhi nuI gdo dsue sa a rulappo tientnre eemm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Noonday, twittter users tend to believe the blue bird logo usually stands for Twitter's anthem and online community as a whole can be interpreted with an aim of Dodge, the Shibui NuI god used as a parallel intention meme.", "scrambled": "nO aonydM, erTwtti ssrue entdo taht eht uelb bdri oglo ulyusal donuf no wrTttei\u2019s amhpeeog dna onildga csenre ash own nbee elcreadp twih na eiagm fo oDge, eth aSbhi nuI gdo dsue sa a rulappo tientnre eemm.", "original": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that the blue bird logo usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Shiba Inu dog used as a popular internet meme.", "recovered": "Noonday, twittter users tend to believe the blue bird logo usually stands for Twitter's anthem and online community as a whole can be interpreted with an aim of Dodge, the Shibui NuI god used as a parallel intention meme."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO Speemertb 14, 1814, iFrcnsa tocSt eyK dnpeen a pemo etrfa nwgitesnsi hte alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM ni tmloBerai dnigur het arW fo 1812 (wcihh alcluyta lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo swa rtale tes ot usmic, dan ni 1931, ti mbceae acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem entitled \"The Star-Spangled Banner\" for Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America's national anthem.", "scrambled": "nO Speemertb 14, 1814, iFrcnsa tocSt eyK dnpeen a pemo etrfa nwgitesnsi hte alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM ni tmloBerai dnigur het arW fo 1812 (wcihh alcluyta lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo swa rtale tes ot usmic, dan ni 1931, ti mbceae acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh.", "original": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.", "recovered": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem entitled \"The Star-Spangled Banner\" for Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America's national anthem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nO seyenaWdd, eth tsaE Anasi ortcynu ecanedt a nwe awl rpcgaipsn a rcteniuse-dol stemsy htta edeemd lirndehc ot eb neo reay dol ta rhitb, ihwt a eray daded eyver 1 yuJaran \u2013 miegnna a aybb brno no 31 beremDec oldwu tnur wot eth tnxe ady. A tsepaaer stmesy, dernu hwhic bisbae rwee eroz ta tihbr tbu drenut eon no 1 unrJyaa, sha soal eebn deolbhisa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Nowadays, the task Anasi encountered a new algorithm which deemed learning to be more efficient than traditional methods that had been used before, with a greater degree of accuracy ever since 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn one on the next day. A separate method, which bisbee were able to achieve even on 1 January, shall also be debilitated.", "scrambled": "nO seyenaWdd, eth tsaE Anasi ortcynu ecanedt a nwe awl rpcgaipsn a rcteniuse-dol stemsy htta edeemd lirndehc ot eb neo reay dol ta rhitb, ihwt a eray daded eyver 1 yuJaran \u2013 miegnna a aybb brno no 31 beremDec oldwu tnur wot eth tnxe ady. A tsepaaer stmesy, dernu hwhic bisbae rwee eroz ta tihbr tbu drenut eon no 1 unrJyaa, sha soal eebn deolbhisa.", "original": "On Wednesday, the East Asian country enacted a new law scrapping a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A separate system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished.", "recovered": "Nowadays, the task Anasi encountered a new algorithm which deemed learning to be more efficient than traditional methods that had been used before, with a greater degree of accuracy ever since 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn one on the next day. A separate method, which bisbee were able to achieve even on 1 January, shall also be debilitated."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nOe ni 10 eepopl idsa ehyt dukn uaessag orlsl ni terih upc fo ate, danccgori ot a tudsy ahtt sha cedasu cmuh tuspe rfo het iDyla Srta. hTe bdltiao dcalle eht pacterci a \u201chuideso bhtai\u201d nda frthreu eicdalm htta 4% fo lnvsdiadiui, owhm etyh eeefdrrr ot sa \u201cgowrn \u2019nus\u201d, eeagng ni eth tac fo gnpidpi hesisndawc otin oth seegerbav \u2013 mntgsoieh teh aidblto ededem ightnno srtoh fo \u201civle\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " None in 10 people said they would use messaging apps in their daily lives, according to a study that showed casual much usage for the Dylan Star. The booklet called the practice a \u201chousehold habit\u201d and further claimed that 40% of millennials, whom they referred to as \u201cgrown ups\u201d, engage in the act of guppindi hesisndawc toin or seegerbav \u2013 meaning the booklet added momentum to the fight for \u201cequal\u201d.", "scrambled": "nOe ni 10 eepopl idsa ehyt dukn uaessag orlsl ni terih upc fo ate, danccgori ot a tudsy ahtt sha cedasu cmuh tuspe rfo het iDyla Srta. hTe bdltiao dcalle eht pacterci a \u201chuideso bhtai\u201d nda frthreu eicdalm htta 4% fo lnvsdiadiui, owhm etyh eeefdrrr ot sa \u201cgowrn \u2019nus\u201d, eeagng ni eth tac fo gnpidpi hesisndawc otin oth seegerbav \u2013 mntgsoieh teh aidblto ededem ightnno srtoh fo \u201civle\u201d.", "original": "One in 10 people said they dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and further claimed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 something the tabloid deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "recovered": "None in 10 people said they would use messaging apps in their daily lives, according to a study that showed casual much usage for the Dylan Star. The booklet called the practice a \u201chousehold habit\u201d and further claimed that 40% of millennials, whom they referred to as \u201cgrown ups\u201d, engage in the act of guppindi hesisndawc toin or seegerbav \u2013 meaning the booklet added momentum to the fight for \u201cequal\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nOe rtip ot scpae ilwl stoc uyo ubtao $450,000. wrvoHee, hte tryjaomi fo mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t nwat ot levae arhtE. nylO btoau 40% dolwu etrlav ot eapsc fi nvgei het itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi ot a NNC silaanys.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Noe trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the trajectory of Martian culture doesn't want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to engage in the opportunity, according to a NASA analysis.", "scrambled": "nOe rtip ot scpae ilwl stoc uyo ubtao $450,000. wrvoHee, hte tryjaomi fo mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t nwat ot levae arhtE. nylO btoau 40% dolwu etrlav ot eapsc fi nvgei het itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi ot a NNC silaanys.", "original": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Americans actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN analysis.", "recovered": "Noe trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the trajectory of Martian culture doesn't want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to engage in the opportunity, according to a NASA analysis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: erOynk uldoc aveel hte KU dan ocmeeb a rroettiry fo wyoaNr uedrn wen alsooprsp ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae rmosf fo ognevarnec\u201d ttha cdlou iderovp omer iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT inaslds erew enurd graeiNown dan Dnisah rnoolct lunti 1472.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The underlying cause of the Hundred Years War was a territorial dispute between England and France over the \u201cprinciple of overlordship\u201d that could develop into a more complex power struggle. The involved realms were England and the Duchy of Burgundy in 1472.", "scrambled": "erOynk uldoc aveel hte KU dan ocmeeb a rroettiry fo wyoaNr uedrn wen alsooprsp ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae rmosf fo ognevarnec\u201d ttha cdlou iderovp omer iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT inaslds erew enurd graeiNown dan Dnisah rnoolct lunti 1472.", "original": "Orkney could leave the UK and become a territory of Norway under new proposals to explore \u201calternative forms of governance\u201d that could provide more economic opportunities. The islands were under Norwegian and Danish control until 1472.", "recovered": "The underlying cause of the Hundred Years War was a territorial dispute between England and France over the \u201cprinciple of overlordship\u201d that could develop into a more complex power struggle. The involved realms were England and the Duchy of Burgundy in 1472."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iPras si eaprnprgi rfo hte 2024 imyOlcp semGa cndretee uodran teh vRier nSeei. hTe ninogpe ymeeoncr, hwhci si tlrdatiaolnyi dhel sendii het hsto ityc\u2019s Opmicyl damstiu, wlil aket caelp no hte errvi, wiht ta elats 600,000 peploe etexcdpe ot cwtha rmfo teh kabsn, noicadrcg ot rrzeiagson.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games candidate round the Rhine Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the city's Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with a total of 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers.", "scrambled": "iPras si eaprnprgi rfo hte 2024 imyOlcp semGa cndretee uodran teh vRier nSeei. hTe ninogpe ymeeoncr, hwhci si tlrdatiaolnyi dhel sendii het hsto ityc\u2019s Opmicyl damstiu, wlil aket caelp no hte errvi, wiht ta elats 600,000 peploe etexcdpe ot cwtha rmfo teh kabsn, noicadrcg ot rrzeiagson.", "original": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers.", "recovered": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games candidate round the Rhine Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the city's Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with a total of 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ePleop how aer 65 nda odelr ro oseht hwo hvea eadkeewn enuimm tssmyes nda \u201cnatw eth oitnop fo ddade pnrioetoct\u201d rae wno daewllo throena rosotbe deos, eth CDC dias htis eekw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " People who are 65 and older are at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19 and \u201cnot the typical flu season\u201d are well known, the CDC says this week.", "scrambled": "ePleop how aer 65 nda odelr ro oseht hwo hvea eadkeewn enuimm tssmyes nda \u201cnatw eth oitnop fo ddade pnrioetoct\u201d rae wno daewllo throena rosotbe deos, eth CDC dias htis eekw.", "original": "People who are 65 and older or those who have weakened immune systems and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another booster dose, the CDC said this week.", "recovered": "People who are 65 and older are at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19 and \u201cnot the typical flu season\u201d are well known, the CDC says this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ioPxhne sujt ndueerd hte tshotte hnomt orf yan SU cyti no edrocr. Teetsepmraru ni het ionerg kdapee rednu 110 egeesdr iaFhnrheet rfo hte fstri etim ni a mnhot no oanyMd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Phone juts needed the shotte home of Janu SU city no recorder. Temperature in the region kept under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month noonday.", "scrambled": "ioPxhne sujt ndueerd hte tshotte hnomt orf yan SU cyti no edrocr. Teetsepmraru ni het ionerg kdapee rednu 110 egeesdr iaFhnrheet rfo hte fstri etim ni a mnhot no oanyMd.", "original": "Phoenix just endured the hottest month for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday.", "recovered": "Phone juts needed the shotte home of Janu SU city no recorder. Temperature in the region kept under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month noonday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nlPsa fro fmgiiln hte tffhi dan anlfi sesano fo \u201crretagSn Tghnis\u201d ash nebe epasdu ued ot eth rreswti\u2019 irkets, het owsh\u2019s oc-ersrctao ucnnodaen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Plans for filming the fifth season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been paused due to the cast's coronavirus concerns.", "scrambled": "nlPsa fro fmgiiln hte tffhi dan anlfi sesano fo \u201crretagSn Tghnis\u201d ash nebe epasdu ued ot eth rreswti\u2019 irkets, het owsh\u2019s oc-ersrctao ucnnodaen.", "original": "Plans for filming the fifth and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creators announced.", "recovered": "Plans for filming the fifth season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been paused due to the cast's coronavirus concerns."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pyal asw eptisdudr aertf a oserpertt mbeilcd ootn a atbel dan vreeodc ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea siaicttv edirt ot uleg feslreh ot a edfitnfre labet. eTh odu weer tarseerd iogolnflw het naivnosi ta ifdheeflS\u2019s briecuCl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The words were scattered according to the following pattern of the Devil's Cipher: a perfect alphabetical order to reveal a hidden meaning, with each letter shifted one position to the right.", "scrambled": "Pyal asw eptisdudr aertf a oserpertt mbeilcd ootn a atbel dan vreeodc ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea siaicttv edirt ot uleg feslreh ot a edfitnfre labet. eTh odu weer tarseerd iogolnflw het naivnosi ta ifdheeflS\u2019s briecuCl.", "original": "Play was disrupted after a protester climbed onto a table and covered it with orange powder, while another activist tried to glue herself to a different table. The duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "recovered": "The words were scattered according to the following pattern of the Devil's Cipher: a perfect alphabetical order to reveal a hidden meaning, with each letter shifted one position to the right."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oPclie arderset olsatm 1,000 poelep ni eth KU\u2019s ratgesl erev cocknwrda no noirsaged iercm. A tolta fo 20 srrefima, \u00a3636,000 ni cahs dan 20gk fo ocancie erwe loas sieedz uidrng hte danwnitoie siadr ni eunJ, eht oaaintlN ePciol sfehiC\u2019 lCoiunc aonundenc iths kwee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK's largest ever crackdown on modern slavery. A total of 20 firms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cannabis were seized during the nationwide operation in June, the National Police Chiefs' Council announced this week.", "scrambled": "oPclie arderset olsatm 1,000 poelep ni eth KU\u2019s ratgesl erev cocknwrda no noirsaged iercm. A tolta fo 20 srrefima, \u00a3636,000 ni cahs dan 20gk fo ocancie erwe loas sieedz uidrng hte danwnitoie siadr ni eunJ, eht oaaintlN ePciol sfehiC\u2019 lCoiunc aonundenc iths kwee.", "original": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "recovered": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK's largest ever crackdown on modern slavery. A total of 20 firms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cannabis were seized during the nationwide operation in June, the National Police Chiefs' Council announced this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sinntergPe hsi sftri uegdBt ot naarPteilm no Wnyadeesd, ntHu ldai tou a rgnea fo raeemsus ednident ot rogencaeu ncomoiec hrwogt yb bgoisnto ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd itnexnegd eefr ecadilrhc dan lniiftg a apc no axt-fere oienpsn vsanisg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Presenting his first budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Prime Minister Wong outlined a range of measures intended to regenerate economic growth by boosting employment, including extending relief and lifting a cap on extra-fee opinions vanishing.", "scrambled": "sinntergPe hsi sftri uegdBt ot naarPteilm no Wnyadeesd, ntHu ldai tou a rgnea fo raeemsus ednident ot rogencaeu ncomoiec hrwogt yb bgoisnto ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd itnexnegd eefr ecadilrhc dan lniiftg a apc no axt-fere oienpsn vsanisg.", "original": "Presenting his first Budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting employment, including extending free childcare and lifting a cap on tax-free pension savings.", "recovered": "Presenting his first budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Prime Minister Wong outlined a range of measures intended to regenerate economic growth by boosting employment, including extending relief and lifting a cap on extra-fee opinions vanishing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: iePdsertn hrabAma lncinoL uisdes eth cmpotniiaanE aPcoiamroltn no uyarJna 1, 1863, sa het onntai ocdpphraea sit dhtir ayre fo yodblo lvcii arw. eTh aroplnmaotci lrecdeda \u201catht lla ensospr hdel sa esslav\u201d iniwth eth ebisolulre ttsase \u201caer, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb eefr.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation's official declaration of its intention to free all slaves. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d", "scrambled": "iePdsertn hrabAma lncinoL uisdes eth cmpotniiaanE aPcoiamroltn no uyarJna 1, 1863, sa het onntai ocdpphraea sit dhtir ayre fo yodblo lvcii arw. eTh aroplnmaotci lrecdeda \u201catht lla ensospr hdel sa esslav\u201d iniwth eth ebisolulre ttsase \u201caer, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb eefr.\u201d.", "original": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d.", "recovered": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation's official declaration of its intention to free all slaves. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rnetPdsei eJo endiB nda stirf ldya Jlil eBind epcapd oShut nroKae tPeiesnrd onoY kuS oeYl\u2019s iocilaff setta sivti wtih a shialv tteas nerdni ta eth Wtihe oseuH ndeWdasye tngih ot bareeltce eth wot snntioa\u2019 70-ryae lacaneli.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " President Joe Biden and his staff laid Jill Biden\u2019s official White House portrait on Tuesday, June 15th, with a small ceremony to celebrate the 70-year anniversary of the White House Rose Garden.", "scrambled": "rnetPdsei eJo endiB nda stirf ldya Jlil eBind epcapd oShut nroKae tPeiesnrd onoY kuS oeYl\u2019s iocilaff setta sivti wtih a shialv tteas nerdni ta eth Wtihe oseuH ndeWdasye tngih ot bareeltce eth wot snntioa\u2019 70-ryae lacaneli.", "original": "President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a lavish state dinner at the White House Wednesday night to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "recovered": "President Joe Biden and his staff laid Jill Biden\u2019s official White House portrait on Tuesday, June 15th, with a small ceremony to celebrate the 70-year anniversary of the White House Rose Garden."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tnPediser oJe iBnde ledewocm hte upSre Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna yCti hisefC ot hte Wtihe oHeus onaydM. eSe sopoth rfom eth icpales csncoaoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The White House welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the residence on Monday. They posed for the official photographs.", "scrambled": "tnPediser oJe iBnde ledewocm hte upSre Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna yCti hisefC ot hte Wtihe oHeus onaydM. eSe sopoth rfom eth icpales csncoaoi.", "original": "President Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion.", "recovered": "The White House welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the residence on Monday. They posed for the official photographs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tsrdeneiP byiNa keelBu\u2019s nonetervmg sha dkecol pu a lttoa fo sloamt 2% fo eht crtyonu's autdl optplnuoai adn ash btuil a 40,000-iccptaay eagm opsirn ot amamcoodetc edetucsps gagn serbemm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " President Biden's administration has committed to a 2% cut of the country's total pollution output and to build a 40,000-megawatt clean energy infrastructure to support economic development and job creation.", "scrambled": "tsrdeneiP byiNa keelBu\u2019s nonetervmg sha dkecol pu a lttoa fo sloamt 2% fo eht crtyonu's autdl optplnuoai adn ash btuil a 40,000-iccptaay eagm opsirn ot amamcoodetc edetucsps gagn serbemm.", "original": "President Nayib Bukele\u2019s government has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.", "recovered": "President Biden's administration has committed to a 2% cut of the country's total pollution output and to build a 40,000-megawatt clean energy infrastructure to support economic development and job creation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: inrecP aHryr adn ihs wfei ehangM rewe nlvidevo ni a cticaho arc acehs hiwt aiazarpzp ni Nwe kYor no Tuyadse htat ulodc ehva trelsude ni a \u201cpccattosairh\u201d tmuooec, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Prince Harry and his wife Meghan revealed they had a christening with Archbishop of New York on Saturday that included a \u201cprivate ceremony\u201d too, where their newborn son Archie was christened.", "scrambled": "inrecP aHryr adn ihs wfei ehangM rewe nlvidevo ni a cticaho arc acehs hiwt aiazarpzp ni Nwe kYor no Tuyadse htat ulodc ehva trelsude ni a \u201cpccattosairh\u201d tmuooec, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla.", "original": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson has alleged.", "recovered": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan revealed they had a christening with Archbishop of New York on Saturday that included a \u201cprivate ceremony\u201d too, where their newborn son Archie was christened."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rueotP iRanc eurtssapr dBa unyBn sah hctdnoe pu hneoart derroc ihwt sih rtuhfo tuiods blaum, \u201cnU neVora nSi iT\u201d, bceminog yfopSit\u2019s smto estreadm bamlu fo all itme. nI 2022, hte tpra nda neeagg\u00f3tr grines aws hte tmos earsetdm isratt rof eht hdirt ocvteeiunsc reya. eH\u2019s ahceedr \u201ca wen sroseaherttp fo stmraod\u201d, sadi ignlRol eoSnt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " President Macron expressed his profound gratitude to those who became the first to receive the vaccine, \u201cUn Veroa Na Si Ti\u201d, becoming Pfizer\u2019s most distributed vaccine of all time. In 2022, the part and negotiator Grines was the most esteemed artist of the third consecutive year. He's achieved \u201ca great success story of modernity\u201d, said Nigel Soane.", "scrambled": "rueotP iRanc eurtssapr dBa unyBn sah hctdnoe pu hneoart derroc ihwt sih rtuhfo tuiods blaum, \u201cnU neVora nSi iT\u201d, bceminog yfopSit\u2019s smto estreadm bamlu fo all itme. nI 2022, hte tpra nda neeagg\u00f3tr grines aws hte tmos earsetdm isratt rof eht hdirt ocvteeiunsc reya. eH\u2019s ahceedr \u201ca wen sroseaherttp fo stmraod\u201d, sadi ignlRol eoSnt.", "original": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up another record with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "recovered": "President Macron expressed his profound gratitude to those who became the first to receive the vaccine, \u201cUn Veroa Na Si Ti\u201d, becoming Pfizer\u2019s most distributed vaccine of all time. In 2022, the part and negotiator Grines was the most esteemed artist of the third consecutive year. He's achieved \u201ca great success story of modernity\u201d, said Nigel Soane."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nmdRaoy nMrati, nmagangi eroctird fo eht tBisrhi eiTolt tnsaioiscAo, dlot heT udrGania tath teh lersouc fo fhal fo eth KU\u2019s ucpbil lsoo ni het spat ecedad aws liugtsenr ni eesttr nnruaioti, osla onnkw sa iwdl tniteliog, \u201cyevheeerwr wno\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Meanwhile, managing the British Telecom Association's resources to the fullest, the Germania team had the full support of the EU's public policy goals in the space sector and was instrumental in establishing a new international norm, \u201cwhatever works\u201d.", "scrambled": "nmdRaoy nMrati, nmagangi eroctird fo eht tBisrhi eiTolt tnsaioiscAo, dlot heT udrGania tath teh lersouc fo fhal fo eth KU\u2019s ucpbil lsoo ni het spat ecedad aws liugtsenr ni eesttr nnruaioti, osla onnkw sa iwdl tniteliog, \u201cyevheeerwr wno\u201d.", "original": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told The Guardian that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in street urination, also known as wild toileting, \u201ceverywhere now\u201d.", "recovered": "Meanwhile, managing the British Telecom Association's resources to the fullest, the Germania team had the full support of the EU's public policy goals in the space sector and was instrumental in establishing a new international norm, \u201cwhatever works\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eleynRtc rvledeae oeidv oaftego pteacdru no het Gkree dilasn fo Lseobs epsapar ot shwo 12 ifAcanr igrasnmt, niicgdnul a bbya, niegb edwot uot ot sae dan nnebddaao no na blaleitanf fart. mAdi wnigrog conncre rove elligla scbuakhsp fo aylsmu rseekse, eth UE oehm srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi erh sacfilifo adh nitrwte ot Atnhse twhi a lorfam eserqut \u201chtat shti tciidnne eb flyul adn dineldtpneeyn nigtsvdiatee\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Nearly twelve African immigrants, including a baby, went out to sea on the Greek vessel Lesbos, hoping to show a peaceful protest against the inhumane refugee policies of the EU. Amid worrying concerns of a possible humanitarian crisis, LaVaughn Johnson, and her significant other, Anthony, took a formal request \u201cthat this situation be fully and immediately addressed\u201d.", "scrambled": "eleynRtc rvledeae oeidv oaftego pteacdru no het Gkree dilasn fo Lseobs epsapar ot shwo 12 ifAcanr igrasnmt, niicgdnul a bbya, niegb edwot uot ot sae dan nnebddaao no na blaleitanf fart. mAdi wnigrog conncre rove elligla scbuakhsp fo aylsmu rseekse, eth UE oehm srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi erh sacfilifo adh nitrwte ot Atnhse twhi a lorfam eserqut \u201chtat shti tciidnne eb flyul adn dineldtpneeyn nigtsvdiatee\u201d.", "original": "Recently revealed video footage captured on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, being towed out to sea and abandoned on an inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks of asylum seekers, the EU home affairs commissioner, Ylva Johansson, said her officials had written to Athens with a formal request \u201cthat this incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.", "recovered": "Nearly twelve African immigrants, including a baby, went out to sea on the Greek vessel Lesbos, hoping to show a peaceful protest against the inhumane refugee policies of the EU. Amid worrying concerns of a possible humanitarian crisis, LaVaughn Johnson, and her significant other, Anthony, took a formal request \u201cthat this situation be fully and immediately addressed\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eReleads no nJeu 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d tnwe no ot ecboem het frsit lfim ot rssgo ermo atnh $100 ilnloim ta het oxb cieoff.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On June 20, 1975, \"Jaws\" became the first film to gross over $100 million at the box office.", "scrambled": "eReleads no nJeu 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d tnwe no ot ecboem het frsit lfim ot rssgo ermo atnh $100 ilnloim ta het oxb cieoff.", "original": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "recovered": "On June 20, 1975, \"Jaws\" became the first film to gross over $100 million at the box office."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aRletn e-oerscsto rae ot eb dowlueat ni het enhcFr ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre asw hdle slta ewke. nudoAr 89% fo tveso stac ewre ni otpsurp fo a nba, tbu ithw on ielnno inovtg, utnrtou aws olny bauto 8%. esvestrlheNe, het srtlue saenm rPisa wlil emeobc teh istrf ojmra aopnrueE tliapac ot olwtua teh ooscesrt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Approximately 89% of those surveyed were in support of a ban, but with online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the rural Samoan village Papauta will embrace the shift towards European capital to ultimately achieve the outcome.", "scrambled": "aRletn e-oerscsto rae ot eb dowlueat ni het enhcFr ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre asw hdle slta ewke. nudoAr 89% fo tveso stac ewre ni otpsurp fo a nba, tbu ithw on ielnno inovtg, utnrtou aws olny bauto 8%. esvestrlheNe, het srtlue saenm rPisa wlil emeobc teh istrf ojmra aopnrueE tliapac ot olwtua teh ooscesrt.", "original": "Rental e-scooters are to be outlawed in the French capital after a referendum was held last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the scooters.", "recovered": "Approximately 89% of those surveyed were in support of a ban, but with online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the rural Samoan village Papauta will embrace the shift towards European capital to ultimately achieve the outcome."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ecrRahse yb ewytaB ofndu tath eth etsW kihoeYsrr ycit saw eth asetl snyun ni eth KU, dwelfolo yb. olopBklac dan eeenrdAb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Research by Wyatt Bond uncovered that the West Kentucky Shores city was the settlement site in the UK, followed by Blackburn and Aberdene.", "scrambled": "ecrRahse yb ewytaB ofndu tath eth etsW kihoeYsrr ycit saw eth asetl snyun ni eth KU, dwelfolo yb. olopBklac dan eeenrdAb.", "original": "Research by Betway found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "recovered": "Research by Wyatt Bond uncovered that the West Kentucky Shores city was the settlement site in the UK, followed by Blackburn and Aberdene."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hsrcaRseree ekundd 17 uplproa iiuscbts ni sucp fo eat dan roddcere who nyma snkdu echa tpye drivsvue rbefoe anrgbiek ratap. ehT ffJaa keaC swa dlecerad hte rwnien \u2013 iepdest itccisr snniuteigoq tehhewr ti yarell si a iicbuts \u2013 twhi 116 undks, rcdopema hiwt eth Dsevitegi\u2019s xis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Jack Case was declared the winner \u2013 despite strict regulations there were still a few issues \u2013 with 116unks, complying with the Department's rules.", "scrambled": "hsrcaRseree ekundd 17 uplproa iiuscbts ni sucp fo eat dan roddcere who nyma snkdu echa tpye drivsvue rbefoe anrgbiek ratap. ehT ffJaa keaC swa dlecerad hte rwnien \u2013 iepdest itccisr snniuteigoq tehhewr ti yarell si a iicbuts \u2013 twhi 116 undks, rcdopema hiwt eth Dsevitegi\u2019s xis.", "original": "Researchers dunked 17 popular biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived before breaking apart. The Jaffa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 despite critics questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "recovered": "The Jack Case was declared the winner \u2013 despite strict regulations there were still a few issues \u2013 with 116unks, complying with the Department's rules."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: teisednRs fo lhielhPpidaa hesdur ot uyb boteltd ertaw etarf het ityc ntes a lmbieo treal crnigdeenomm oeeppl tosp guins apt twrea edu ot eth pslil. iiclOffsa veah cenis dsia het itcy\u2019s irknidng etrwa si esaf ot seu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Patients in need of healthcare assistance often rely on the help of family members or other people to help guide them through the process. It can be difficult to assess the reliability of the information they provide.", "scrambled": "teisednRs fo lhielhPpidaa hesdur ot uyb boteltd ertaw etarf het ityc ntes a lmbieo treal crnigdeenomm oeeppl tosp guins apt twrea edu ot eth pslil. iiclOffsa veah cenis dsia het itcy\u2019s irknidng etrwa si esaf ot seu.", "original": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile alert recommending people stop using tap water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "recovered": "Patients in need of healthcare assistance often rely on the help of family members or other people to help guide them through the process. It can be difficult to assess the reliability of the information they provide."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea aysotprreliopiontd eadfeftc, ogcdniacr ot a nwe trerop romf het Aciernma ugLn ciosAantsio. olriCanafi adh 10 fo het 25 stmo oeonz-utledlpo seicti. ewN orkY, Ciohcag nad adtfHror, tniCtccuoen, ewer het lyno rehte no eth stil teas fo eth sisisispipM rRiev.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Residents of western cities adopted a new approach from the American Lung Association's Clean Air Action. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Houston, Cincinnati, were the five states of the Mississippi River Valley.", "scrambled": "dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea aysotprreliopiontd eadfeftc, ogcdniacr ot a nwe trerop romf het Aciernma ugLn ciosAantsio. olriCanafi adh 10 fo het 25 stmo oeonz-utledlpo seicti. ewN orkY, Ciohcag nad adtfHror, tniCtccuoen, ewer het lyno rehte no eth stil teas fo eth sisisispipM rRiev.", "original": "Residents of Western cities are disproportionately affected, according to a new report from the American Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "recovered": "Residents of western cities adopted a new approach from the American Lung Association's Clean Air Action. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Houston, Cincinnati, were the five states of the Mississippi River Valley."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: obRui ilwl vhea gegdlo a laott fo ta eltsa 371 ysda ni paecs, ASNA ilfoaisfc asid. ehT osuiervp drrceo fo 355 ysad saw ste yb aMkr endVa iHe ni 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A total of 371 days passed, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "scrambled": "obRui ilwl vhea gegdlo a laott fo ta eltsa 371 ysda ni paecs, ASNA ilfoaisfc asid. ehT osuiervp drrceo fo 355 ysad saw ste yb aMkr endVa iHe ni 2022.", "original": "Rubio will have logged a total of at least 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "recovered": "A total of 371 days passed, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nlmSaod subbedn ahtw swa ebbudd eth \u201cthScitso inaotonroc\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna critddpee taht ralhCse duwlo eb eth \u201clsat iKgn fo octsS\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sandbud had two debates, the \u201cSchism of Nations\u201d for his own chronology and credited Pope Callistus as the \u201clast King of Rocks\u201d.", "scrambled": "nlmSaod subbedn ahtw swa ebbudd eth \u201cthScitso inaotonroc\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna critddpee taht ralhCse duwlo eb eth \u201clsat iKgn fo octsS\u201d.", "original": "Salmond snubbed what was dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d of the new monarch and predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast King of Scots\u201d.", "recovered": "Sandbud had two debates, the \u201cSchism of Nations\u201d for his own chronology and credited Pope Callistus as the \u201clast King of Rocks\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tnsiscSiet ta hnaCi\u2019s orutSnhe cldaMei sinyUtirve dkecart 212,000 iBtsirh altuds hitw na eaaervg aeg fo 54 orve a 12-erya oeipdr dan fnodu htat hseot ohw dathcte no a eoimbl rof 30 stumeni a ewke ewre 12% rmeo lelkiy ot eb nsgdioead ihtw ighh dobol ersesurp, leihw xsi rshuo a keew edsrai het iskr ot 25%. eTh srehserreca deseusggt ttah sxuepeor ot eht lwo eslvle fo fdrrcoaeunqeyi gyerne eimtted yb nopseh amy aeisr lobdo eesrpsur, dna pnndseig rshuo no alcls wsa lsoa kleidn ot orsew elspe nda hrghie setssr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The statistics suggest that support to the low level of affordability generated by households may also be needed to ensure higher success rates. With an average fee of 54 over a 12-year period and a total cost of 212,000 British pounds, that suggests a total of 30 students were withdrawn with a 12% more likely to be admitted with a double offer, while those who chose to remain were discounted by 25%.", "scrambled": "tnsiscSiet ta hnaCi\u2019s orutSnhe cldaMei sinyUtirve dkecart 212,000 iBtsirh altuds hitw na eaaervg aeg fo 54 orve a 12-erya oeipdr dan fnodu htat hseot ohw dathcte no a eoimbl rof 30 stumeni a ewke ewre 12% rmeo lelkiy ot eb nsgdioead ihtw ighh dobol ersesurp, leihw xsi rshuo a keew edsrai het iskr ot 25%. eTh srehserreca deseusggt ttah sxuepeor ot eht lwo eslvle fo fdrrcoaeunqeyi gyerne eimtted yb nopseh amy aeisr lobdo eesrpsur, dna pnndseig rshuo no alcls wsa lsoa kleidn ot orsew elspe nda hrghie setssr.", "original": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by phones may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on calls was also linked to worse sleep and higher stress.", "recovered": "The statistics suggest that support to the low level of affordability generated by households may also be needed to ensure higher success rates. With an average fee of 54 over a 12-year period and a total cost of 212,000 British pounds, that suggests a total of 30 students were withdrawn with a 12% more likely to be admitted with a double offer, while those who chose to remain were discounted by 25%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ntaeSe OGP deareL chtMi lecCnoMln ldot trpsreero eh\u2019s \u201cefin\u201d eaftr ezgifren gndriu a wesn ocfncernee no Wdeysnead. cClenMlno sha leeidndc ot pxneial ywh eh ofrez pu, thhguo na iead isad eh wsa lfgieen ghtil-hddaee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sentence OGP Leader Churchill concluded that perhaps \u201cfin\u201d after experiencing grinding a weeks conference no Wednesdays. Churchill shall leadind to explain why he offered up, though an idea is said he was feeling highly-daddled.", "scrambled": "ntaeSe OGP deareL chtMi lecCnoMln ldot trpsreero eh\u2019s \u201cefin\u201d eaftr ezgifren gndriu a wesn ocfncernee no Wdeysnead. cClenMlno sha leeidndc ot pxneial ywh eh ofrez pu, thhguo na iead isad eh wsa lfgieen ghtil-hddaee.", "original": "Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell has declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed.", "recovered": "Sentence OGP Leader Churchill concluded that perhaps \u201cfin\u201d after experiencing grinding a weeks conference no Wednesdays. Churchill shall leadind to explain why he offered up, though an idea is said he was feeling highly-daddled."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eShporp eRso isonobnR nlmdeociap ot ybinsuaSr\u2019s ofr vniggi ist tucdorp a \u201csetxis\u201d enam, ndairgcoc ot het yilDa Satr. nnRsoboi si gnialcl no het keutemrpasr anich ot aerenm tsi \u201cgBi ydDad\u201d mrpu ateks, cwhhi hes sflee si a \u201ccgsisotmynii\u201d elbla. \u201cI wsa hsocekd nda sujt a itb opsinitdedap ttha ni tsih yad adn gea, ti wsa leisopbs rof ti ot kmea ti hutoghr thrveeaw nlechna ti dha ot evah mead ti htoghru ot etg tono eth svslehe,\u201d esh ddeda. banrsiSyu\u2019s adsi: \u201ceW teivsr ot eb a ulryt usiniclev lretreia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " She proposed a novel approach to understanding Susan's offering of language as a \"texts\" name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is claiming no the computer as an aid to remember this \"Big Daddy\" term at least, which has itself a \"cosmogony\" label. \"I was shocked and just a bit optimistic that in this way and age, it was possible for it to come together through various channels to have to have made it through to get to the shelves,\" she added. Susan's advice: \"We strive to be a truly inclusive literary.", "scrambled": "eShporp eRso isonobnR nlmdeociap ot ybinsuaSr\u2019s ofr vniggi ist tucdorp a \u201csetxis\u201d enam, ndairgcoc ot het yilDa Satr. nnRsoboi si gnialcl no het keutemrpasr anich ot aerenm tsi \u201cgBi ydDad\u201d mrpu ateks, cwhhi hes sflee si a \u201ccgsisotmynii\u201d elbla. \u201cI wsa hsocekd nda sujt a itb opsinitdedap ttha ni tsih yad adn gea, ti wsa leisopbs rof ti ot kmea ti hutoghr thrveeaw nlechna ti dha ot evah mead ti htoghru ot etg tono eth svslehe,\u201d esh ddeda. banrsiSyu\u2019s adsi: \u201ceW teivsr ot eb a ulryt usiniclev lretreia.", "original": "Shopper Rose Robinson complained to Sainsbury\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is calling on the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she feels is a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked and just a bit disappointed that in this day and age, it was possible for it to make it through whatever channel it had to have made it through to get onto the shelves,\u201d she added. Sainsbury\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive to be a truly inclusive retailer.", "recovered": "She proposed a novel approach to understanding Susan's offering of language as a \"texts\" name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is claiming no the computer as an aid to remember this \"Big Daddy\" term at least, which has itself a \"cosmogony\" label. \"I was shocked and just a bit optimistic that in this way and age, it was possible for it to come together through various channels to have to have made it through to get to the shelves,\" she added. Susan's advice: \"We strive to be a truly inclusive literary."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tiletskS\u2019 nsteew rvlaof ednso\u2019t astte lkei hte winroba \u2014 ti stteas elik urdmast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Stilts\u2019 nestle above don't taste like the warbler \u2014 it tastes like dust.", "scrambled": "tiletskS\u2019 nsteew rvlaof ednso\u2019t astte lkei hte winroba \u2014 ti stteas elik urdmast.", "original": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mustard.", "recovered": "Stilts\u2019 nestle above don't taste like the warbler \u2014 it tastes like dust."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: aSvrely amenedri lniectyhalc agell ni oniUn satest tlinu 1865, nda esom aaesr fo wlraDaee nda cuyentKk enuonctid teh actcriep tinlu atht miet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Nearly all local governments in the United States adopted the practice of electing municipal officers that date back to 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky enacted the practice even earlier.", "scrambled": "aSvrely amenedri lniectyhalc agell ni oniUn satest tlinu 1865, nda esom aaesr fo wlraDaee nda cuyentKk enuonctid teh actcriep tinlu atht miet.", "original": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky continued the practice until that time.", "recovered": "Nearly all local governments in the United States adopted the practice of electing municipal officers that date back to 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky enacted the practice even earlier."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: mSeo atorscmDe hvae ecladl rfo eth miahtmcpeen fo reuSpme rtCou Jctiseu lereCanc oahTsm lnlgwooif a bloleshbm orpert atth idedetla aishlv tiprs apdi orf yb a iariibllneo aler ateets eagtnam, ciwhh ecuindld lvtiargen no ihs cyath dan earpvti tje.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Those appointed to the Supreme Court Justice League, including Thomas Logan, have called for a more balanced approach that details a viable path forward by a bipartisan coalition of legal experts, which included vital input from his colleagues and parties involved in the case.", "scrambled": "mSeo atorscmDe hvae ecladl rfo eth miahtmcpeen fo reuSpme rtCou Jctiseu lereCanc oahTsm lnlgwooif a bloleshbm orpert atth idedetla aishlv tiprs apdi orf yb a iariibllneo aler ateets eagtnam, ciwhh ecuindld lvtiargen no ihs cyath dan earpvti tje.", "original": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas following a bombshell report that detailed lavish trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, which included traveling on his yacht and private jet.", "recovered": "Those appointed to the Supreme Court Justice League, including Thomas Logan, have called for a more balanced approach that details a viable path forward by a bipartisan coalition of legal experts, which included vital input from his colleagues and parties involved in the case."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe iltiatnonrane salrtreev eviganl lAuandkc Iaotnratnilen poitrrA ilwl nsoo eb daeks ot sept no eth csale ot hepl gahert atad no teh etigwh lado dan siutnrditobi rfo rAi wNe aadZnel nlpesa, eth ariilne asdi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some international relations scholars will soon be taking a look at the role of philanthropy in the global land and student mobility for AI and Zendel plans, the airline said.", "scrambled": "Smoe iltiatnonrane salrtreev eviganl lAuandkc Iaotnratnilen poitrrA ilwl nsoo eb daeks ot sept no eth csale ot hepl gahert atad no teh etigwh lado dan siutnrditobi rfo rAi wNe aadZnel nlpesa, eth ariilne asdi.", "original": "Some international travelers leaving Auckland International Airport will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribution for Air New Zealand planes, the airline said.", "recovered": "Some international relations scholars will soon be taking a look at the role of philanthropy in the global land and student mobility for AI and Zendel plans, the airline said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: mSeo eorihgnhsdoob ni wraorBd ounCty era nedur eqauirnnta aefrt gnigthssi fo navsieiv tgnai fcnriAa anld nsisla, hwhic ate ta aetsl 500 reedtniff tsype fo sltnpa nad nca laso mophc ghrotuh cutsoc, atilcps reigylncc nisb nad eenv nisgs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In Bradford County, some of the most significant investments for navigation and infrastructure in recent years have been the 500-foot-long steel and concrete locks, which provide a pathway for vessels and also help regulate water levels and ensure safe passage.", "scrambled": "mSeo eorihgnhsdoob ni wraorBd ounCty era nedur eqauirnnta aefrt gnigthssi fo navsieiv tgnai fcnriAa anld nsisla, hwhic ate ta aetsl 500 reedtniff tsype fo sltnpa nad nca laso mophc ghrotuh cutsoc, atilcps reigylncc nisb nad eenv nisgs.", "original": "Some neighborhoods in Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also chomp through stucco, plastic recycling bins and even signs.", "recovered": "In Bradford County, some of the most significant investments for navigation and infrastructure in recent years have been the 500-foot-long steel and concrete locks, which provide a pathway for vessels and also help regulate water levels and ensure safe passage."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: onsSud cshu sa ehgniwc, nniffigs dan ould aitbreghn rea naeltilobre ofr neo ni vfei rtisB, het sduyt nfduo. chesrrsaeRe mfor nKgi\u2019s gloeeCl oondnL nda rxodOf Uiytsinvre iuedzqz reom anht 770 oepelp ot erniedtme owh anmy ahd a tgihf-ro-lifgth enespors ot shuc yyaverde inoess.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Once such a new wing was built, fulfilling Dan Ould\u2019s architectural vision of a national library for the five British territories, the study found that King\u2019s College London and Oxford University recruited up to 770 people to determine how many had a right-to-live status to such yearly income.", "scrambled": "onsSud cshu sa ehgniwc, nniffigs dan ould aitbreghn rea naeltilobre ofr neo ni vfei rtisB, het sduyt nfduo. chesrrsaeRe mfor nKgi\u2019s gloeeCl oondnL nda rxodOf Uiytsinvre iuedzqz reom anht 770 oepelp ot erniedtme owh anmy ahd a tgihf-ro-lifgth enespors ot shuc yyaverde inoess.", "original": "Sounds such as chewing, sniffing and loud breathing are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such everyday noises.", "recovered": "Once such a new wing was built, fulfilling Dan Ould\u2019s architectural vision of a national library for the five British territories, the study found that King\u2019s College London and Oxford University recruited up to 770 people to determine how many had a right-to-live status to such yearly income."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pXScea\u2019s raptisSh, eth omst wloueprf rtoekc evre bulti, toko ffo fmor a hclnua pda ni uhoSt easxT no asuyrhdT onmirgn. rHeeovw, eth cortek dlexdepo sles hnta rheet snteumi inot tis fsitr tste ltghfi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Despite the couple's attempts to build a rock fortress for protection from the harsh storms of the South Texas coastline, however, the cold depths of the sea still held the strongest testament to their might.", "scrambled": "pXScea\u2019s raptisSh, eth omst wloueprf rtoekc evre bulti, toko ffo fmor a hclnua pda ni uhoSt easxT no asuyrhdT onmirgn. rHeeovw, eth cortek dlexdepo sles hnta rheet snteumi inot tis fsitr tste ltghfi.", "original": "SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the rocket exploded less than three minutes into its first test flight.", "recovered": "Despite the couple's attempts to build a rock fortress for protection from the harsh storms of the South Texas coastline, however, the cold depths of the sea still held the strongest testament to their might."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: piaegSkn ot heT nudyaS mesiT, eht Pcnrei fo eWsla egeldpd ot seu eth aolyR dutnnaiooF ot \u201cdne sesnhoslmsee\u201d ni het KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev nebe tiniagw orf teh trhgi mite ot od siht.\u201d iPrenc liWlima swa 11 hwne ihs rmetoh ootk mhi ot a hseemlos elesrht ni nLdoon \u2013 \u201ca rtoamfevi otmnem\u201d rfo hte ngoyu yralo, aids het prpae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cdo something meaningful\u201d in the UK, saying: \u201cI\u2019ve been thinking of the right way to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when he took his first solo trip to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca remarkable moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "scrambled": "piaegSkn ot heT nudyaS mesiT, eht Pcnrei fo eWsla egeldpd ot seu eth aolyR dutnnaiooF ot \u201cdne sesnhoslmsee\u201d ni het KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev nebe tiniagw orf teh trhgi mite ot od siht.\u201d iPrenc liWlima swa 11 hwne ihs rmetoh ootk mhi ot a hseemlos elesrht ni nLdoon \u2013 \u201ca rtoamfevi otmnem\u201d rfo hte ngoyu yralo, aids het prpae.", "original": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "recovered": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cdo something meaningful\u201d in the UK, saying: \u201cI\u2019ve been thinking of the right way to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when he took his first solo trip to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca remarkable moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Selpnictoua sha bnee ilsginwr fro aesry oautb a elontpait uqsele ot eth 1988 lfmi \u201cieujcBtleee.\u201d owN, ti\u2019s fcfliioa: Teh \u201costgh ihwt eth tsmo\u201d wlli ekam a nrteru.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The complication shall be understanding from early outbursts a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it's official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will come a return.", "scrambled": "Selpnictoua sha bnee ilsginwr fro aesry oautb a elontpait uqsele ot eth 1988 lfmi \u201cieujcBtleee.\u201d owN, ti\u2019s fcfliioa: Teh \u201costgh ihwt eth tsmo\u201d wlli ekam a nrteru.", "original": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will make a return.", "recovered": "The complication shall be understanding from early outbursts a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it's official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will come a return."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: weSend\u2019s neoeLr now het isoivourEn ogSn setntCo orf eth nodsce emti. heT enirsg, how nwo hte itonpcomeit ni 2012, dtuhripem ni oloiervpL itwh ppo-anhemt \u201cattToo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The emerging trend of online content now is the \u201cattToo\u201d of weSend\u2019s new eLearning platform, which debuted in October 2012 with a population of over 1 million.", "scrambled": "weSend\u2019s neoeLr now het isoivourEn ogSn setntCo orf eth nodsce emti. heT enirsg, how nwo hte itonpcomeit ni 2012, dtuhripem ni oloiervpL itwh ppo-anhemt \u201cattToo\u201d.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in Liverpool with pop-anthem \u201cTattoo\u201d.", "recovered": "The emerging trend of online content now is the \u201cattToo\u201d of weSend\u2019s new eLearning platform, which debuted in October 2012 with a population of over 1 million."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eeSdnw\u2019s eenorL onw eth odrwc-anilepgs whso hdle ni ilverooLp, tdiUne Kdmonig, no aflbhe fo kUearin. eSh bcaeme sutj hte soecnd fomrprere ot nwi eht mipooientct omer nath eonc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " She's Leonard Wong, the downhill-skiing whiz from Vancouver, who became the second female to win the Olympic gold medal.", "scrambled": "eeSdnw\u2019s eenorL onw eth odrwc-anilepgs whso hdle ni ilverooLp, tdiUne Kdmonig, no aflbhe fo kUearin. eSh bcaeme sutj hte soecnd fomrprere ot nwi eht mipooientct omer nath eonc.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the crowd-pleasing show held in Liverpool, United Kingdom, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once.", "recovered": "She's Leonard Wong, the downhill-skiing whiz from Vancouver, who became the second female to win the Olympic gold medal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s gcnrituk stffa yb igivgn heca uetckrr a ckhce ni hte mauton fo $100,000. \u201cTeh piyaltc oumnta si $5,000 ot $10,000 hcea. oS ihts glaer mnaotu si iabbeulneevl,\u201d aisd eiclMha habeceSckhrn, renoduf adn OCE fo iomSonhto igrnktcu pyncoma, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr fo hte aetsg dan etrutsucr rfo tSwfi\u2019s rEsa Tuor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Taylor Swift's students are not forgotten; our gratitude staff by giving each a check in the amount of $100,000. \"The typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this gesture amount is unbelievable,\" said Michael Habeck-Schr\u00f6der, founder and CEO of Schomthon Inc., which handles artist donations for the estate and trust of Swift's Estate Tour.", "scrambled": "ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s gcnrituk stffa yb igivgn heca uetckrr a ckhce ni hte mauton fo $100,000. \u201cTeh piyaltc oumnta si $5,000 ot $10,000 hcea. oS ihts glaer mnaotu si iabbeulneevl,\u201d aisd eiclMha habeceSckhrn, renoduf adn OCE fo iomSonhto igrnktcu pyncoma, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr fo hte aetsg dan etrutsucr rfo tSwfi\u2019s rEsa Tuor.", "original": "Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff by giving each trucker a check in the amount of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, founder and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles transportation of the stage and structure for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.", "recovered": "Taylor Swift's students are not forgotten; our gratitude staff by giving each a check in the amount of $100,000. \"The typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this gesture amount is unbelievable,\" said Michael Habeck-Schr\u00f6der, founder and CEO of Schomthon Inc., which handles artist donations for the estate and trust of Swift's Estate Tour."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eaTsl ooynct uskM dan Appel oc-edfrnuo eetSv niWkzao ear goamn rmoe ntah 1,000 iriteosagns fo na pneo teetrl agriung taht rkow no \u201cingat IA tisxpermeen\u201d lshduo eb spedau inltu \u201cew ear nindetocf taht trieh fceefst ilwl eb itiepsvo nad reith rssik iwll eb aaeemngbal\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists concluded that more than 1,000 participants in a telephone survey agreed that there should be no \u201cartificial intelligence experiment\u201d should be conducted unless \u201cwe are convinced that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "scrambled": "eaTsl ooynct uskM dan Appel oc-edfrnuo eetSv niWkzao ear goamn rmoe ntah 1,000 iriteosagns fo na pneo teetrl agriung taht rkow no \u201cingat IA tisxpermeen\u201d lshduo eb spedau inltu \u201cew ear nindetocf taht trieh fceefst ilwl eb itiepsvo nad reith rssik iwll eb aaeemngbal\u201d.", "original": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are among more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing that work on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "recovered": "Scientists concluded that more than 1,000 participants in a telephone survey agreed that there should be no \u201cartificial intelligence experiment\u201d should be conducted unless \u201cwe are convinced that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: exTas wsa hte ftisr staet ot enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a aetst doahyli no rJynuaa 1, 1980.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on June 1, 1980.", "scrambled": "exTas wsa hte ftisr staet ot enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a aetst doahyli no rJynuaa 1, 1980.", "original": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on January 1, 1980.", "recovered": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on June 1, 1980."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hatT\u2019s pu mrfo 49% tlas hmotn racgnicod ot iglnpol yb sopIs rof heT lpaeTgerh. nI eth seam oliplgn, ti wsa ndouf tath 50% eeblvie taht oto uhmc eyomn swa petsn no eth ncrooaoint. nI Alipr, 33% doceebtj ot eth csot. toAlms wto-hdirst eerw aewar fo teh srestar fo tain-oyhmarnc sroeerstpt ta het ocaoroitnn, dan fo hoest, lony otw ni eifv hhuottg het plcieo hda aetdc tyreipalaprpo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " That's up from 49% last month recognizing the implications by polls for the Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronavirus. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Nonetheless, two-thirds were aware of the starker for train-on-track support to the coronation, and of those, nearly half thought the policy had adequate representation.", "scrambled": "hatT\u2019s pu mrfo 49% tlas hmotn racgnicod ot iglnpol yb sopIs rof heT lpaeTgerh. nI eth seam oliplgn, ti wsa ndouf tath 50% eeblvie taht oto uhmc eyomn swa petsn no eth ncrooaoint. nI Alipr, 33% doceebtj ot eth csot. toAlms wto-hdirst eerw aewar fo teh srestar fo tain-oyhmarnc sroeerstpt ta het ocaoroitnn, dan fo hoest, lony otw ni eifv hhuottg het plcieo hda aetdc tyreipalaprpo.", "original": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ipsos for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and of those, only two in five thought the police had acted appropriately.", "recovered": "That's up from 49% last month recognizing the implications by polls for the Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronavirus. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Nonetheless, two-thirds were aware of the starker for train-on-track support to the coronation, and of those, nearly half thought the policy had adequate representation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh 13ht mndmeAnet, fiietadr no cmebeDre 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi seoihlbda cttaelh ryvlaes ni het iUtned asStte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished slavery in the United States.", "scrambled": "eTh 13ht mndmeAnet, fiietadr no cmebeDre 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi seoihlbda cttaelh ryvlaes ni het iUtned asStte.", "original": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished chattel slavery in the United States.", "recovered": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished slavery in the United States."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao noeiovtnCn llwi eb delh ni giCahco, eehwr het rtayp ilwl ilcfoflyia tmeanoni cedastinad orf tidpsnree dan ceiv idsnepert.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "scrambled": "eTh 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao noeiovtnCn llwi eb delh ni giCahco, eehwr het rtayp ilwl ilcfoflyia tmeanoni cedastinad orf tidpsnree dan ceiv idsnepert.", "original": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "recovered": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Sdeehhpr si vreieicng ewn gniritan efatr tWehi uHose lpnsoerne readis nronsecc tabuo estyfa no het rpesmise.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The German Shepherd puppy receiving the highest House of Representatives votes was declared the winner of the competition.", "scrambled": "ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Sdeehhpr si vreieicng ewn gniritan efatr tWehi uHose lpnsoerne readis nronsecc tabuo estyfa no het rpesmise.", "original": "The 22-month-old German Shepherd is receiving new training after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on the premises.", "recovered": "The German Shepherd puppy receiving the highest House of Representatives votes was declared the winner of the competition."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh 24-ryae-dol rrisket\u2019s bluc arsPi nSati-aGimner dretlepyor aveg hte audiS oPr Laeegu esid rpsosiiemn ot akesp ot mhi areft geiriencv hte roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed edmlica pb\u00e9paM dha esderfu ot ntree atneoniigtso. isH rntaccto hwit het hceFnr edsi si ued ot eeirxp txen eJnu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 24-year-old cricketer's blue Aspirant-Gimmer deployer average had the audacity to play League aside proposition to accept to him after achieving the roof, but Frenchman Aim\u00e9 de M\u00e9dicis had defused to enter annexationist. His contact with the Frenchman is used to express ten Jeux.", "scrambled": "eTh 24-ryae-dol rrisket\u2019s bluc arsPi nSati-aGimner dretlepyor aveg hte audiS oPr Laeegu esid rpsosiiemn ot akesp ot mhi areft geiriencv hte roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed edmlica pb\u00e9paM dha esderfu ot ntree atneoniigtso. isH rntaccto hwit het hceFnr edsi si ued ot eeirxp txen eJnu.", "original": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Pro League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire next June.", "recovered": "The 24-year-old cricketer's blue Aspirant-Gimmer deployer average had the audacity to play League aside proposition to accept to him after achieving the roof, but Frenchman Aim\u00e9 de M\u00e9dicis had defused to enter annexationist. His contact with the Frenchman is used to express ten Jeux."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT 36-reya-odl Janiaacm snpeitrr abet a lifed ttha ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Lecydek, itsnen asrt gaI wk\u0105eit\u015a nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-derohl nSdyye halciLugnM-eeLvnro. lnoLei esMis aws amedn mrssonatp fo eht raye ta eth wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included world-record holder Kaetlyn Osborne, and a 400m hurdles world record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levins, to win the men's 400m at the World Athletics Championships in Paris on Monday.", "scrambled": "heT 36-reya-odl Janiaacm snpeitrr abet a lifed ttha ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Lecydek, itsnen asrt gaI wk\u0105eit\u015a nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-derohl nSdyye halciLugnM-eeLvnro. lnoLei esMis aws amedn mrssonatp fo eht raye ta eth wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd.", "original": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included swimmer Katie Ledecky, tennis star Iga \u015awi\u0105tek and 400m hurdles record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levrone. Lionel Messi was named sportsman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday.", "recovered": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included world-record holder Kaetlyn Osborne, and a 400m hurdles world record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levins, to win the men's 400m at the World Athletics Championships in Paris on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 92-yera-dol linblreaoii etm thmSi, 66, ta ihs ta shi lBe iAr nraveiyd alst eSbrmeetp, lsse atnh a raye rtaef shi eovdcir rofm rhtfuo ewfi rJyre lHal asw nliesfida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 92-year-old library building, 66, took his to the Beehive Archive, less than a year after he discovered the roof of the former Jyre Hall was infested.", "scrambled": "Teh 92-yera-dol linblreaoii etm thmSi, 66, ta ihs ta shi lBe iAr nraveiyd alst eSbrmeetp, lsse atnh a raye rtaef shi eovdcir rofm rhtfuo ewfi rJyre lHal asw nliesfida.", "original": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was finalised.", "recovered": "The 92-year-old library building, 66, took his to the Beehive Archive, less than a year after he discovered the roof of the former Jyre Hall was infested."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT knBa fo ldgEann\u2019s fiech mcesontoi cfade a efcire bhlkacsa etfra itelgln a odspatc hatt KU ohshedouls nda mnciaepso dnee ot \u201ctpos grtniy ot tmnaaiin htrie rale negpdsni owrpe yb niibdgd pu eirpsc treewhh rhtgohu ihherg ewasg ro snaigsp yenreg tscos no ot trsesuomc\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The backbone of Langdon\u2019s speech consisted of a fire blacksmith\u2019s tale telling a despatch hat he should announce his compliance to \u201cstop granting immunity to maintaining their illegal operations by bribing public officials with rewards through hiring extra workers to sign up conscripts\u201d.", "scrambled": "heT knBa fo ldgEann\u2019s fiech mcesontoi cfade a efcire bhlkacsa etfra itelgln a odspatc hatt KU ohshedouls nda mnciaepso dnee ot \u201ctpos grtniy ot tmnaaiin htrie rale negpdsni owrpe yb niibdgd pu eirpsc treewhh rhtgohu ihherg ewasg ro snaigsp yenreg tscos no ot trsesuomc\u201d.", "original": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a fierce backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to customers\u201d.", "recovered": "The backbone of Langdon\u2019s speech consisted of a fire blacksmith\u2019s tale telling a despatch hat he should announce his compliance to \u201cstop granting immunity to maintaining their illegal operations by bribing public officials with rewards through hiring extra workers to sign up conscripts\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh enBdi iornamtaindtsi podrvape eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. tI si a eviasms nda ecesdad-lngo ilo rlliigdn ruvntee no skAaal\u2019s throN Spoel ni het tNinlaoa lroeePtmu vReeres, hiwch si nodwe yb hte eefalrd trennmvego.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The indigenous population of Alaska was violently removed from their land in the Ninilchik Traditional Russian Orthodox Village Reservation, which was established by the federal government.", "scrambled": "eTh enBdi iornamtaindtsi podrvape eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. tI si a eviasms nda ecesdad-lngo ilo rlliigdn ruvntee no skAaal\u2019s throN Spoel ni het tNinlaoa lroeePtmu vReeres, hiwch si nodwe yb hte eefalrd trennmvego.", "original": "The Biden administration approved the controversial Willow Project in Alaska. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserve, which is owned by the federal government.", "recovered": "The indigenous population of Alaska was violently removed from their land in the Ninilchik Traditional Russian Orthodox Village Reservation, which was established by the federal government."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT tiishrB rkabye cniha si tse fro a mrocotuor hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi olniucC freta nbeig nedied oimpssiner ot lsle tho dfoo ta tsi fgshalpi ndLono uetotl fraet 11mp. heT itlocipapna asw jedcetre slta ryea aetrf ceopli deawnr hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueaasg lrsol rdsike ulgiefln \u201cmcrei nda dsrderio\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The British monarchy changed its form from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy during the nineteenth century. The implication was that the people had a greater say in the laws that were passed and the roles that were fulfilled, and the total freedom of 11mp. The implication was that the judiciary was a separate entity from the executive and legislative branches, and that the people had a greater say in the laws that were passed and the roles that were fulfilled, with the slogan \u201cno taxation without representation\u201d.", "scrambled": "heT tiishrB rkabye cniha si tse fro a mrocotuor hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi olniucC freta nbeig nedied oimpssiner ot lsle tho dfoo ta tsi fgshalpi ndLono uetotl fraet 11mp. heT itlocipapna asw jedcetre slta ryea aetrf ceopli deawnr hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueaasg lrsol rdsike ulgiefln \u201cmcrei nda dsrderio\u201d.", "original": "The British bakery chain is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied permission to sell hot food at its flagship London outlet after 11pm. The application was rejected last year after police warned that selling late-night sausage rolls risked fuelling \u201ccrime and disorder\u201d.", "recovered": "The British monarchy changed its form from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy during the nineteenth century. The implication was that the people had a greater say in the laws that were passed and the roles that were fulfilled, and the total freedom of 11mp. The implication was that the judiciary was a separate entity from the executive and legislative branches, and that the people had a greater say in the laws that were passed and the roles that were fulfilled, with the slogan \u201cno taxation without representation\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ilrfaiCaon-bdsae yralo enaddtet sierahng ni a sialwtu ahtt eh adn rhoet ihgh-orepfli iuersgf \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE Jnho, zLi lreHyu nda deSia osFrt \u2013 heav tbuohgr tsagain cAdateoiss wsNeaprpes iLdmeit ofr ledagel icvrayp eaebrsch.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The international-based royal and titled shareholders in a saltwater hat that had high-profile figures \u2013 including John, Lord Levene and Sir David Frost \u2013 have brought together Academies Newspapers Limited for legal corporate breaches.", "scrambled": "eTh ilrfaiCaon-bdsae yralo enaddtet sierahng ni a sialwtu ahtt eh adn rhoet ihgh-orepfli iuersgf \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE Jnho, zLi lreHyu nda deSia osFrt \u2013 heav tbuohgr tsagain cAdateoiss wsNeaprpes iLdmeit ofr ledagel icvrayp eaebrsch.", "original": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including Elton John, Liz Hurley and Sadie Frost \u2013 have brought against Associated Newspapers Limited for alleged privacy breaches.", "recovered": "The international-based royal and titled shareholders in a saltwater hat that had high-profile figures \u2013 including John, Lord Levene and Sir David Frost \u2013 have brought together Academies Newspapers Limited for legal corporate breaches."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe andemC vireD-nI ni Ceandm, ewN Jeryse enpdoe ni nJue fo 1933. Teh cepir fo dminsiosa asw 25 enstc rof eth arc dan 25 nsect erp osenrp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The amended Virginia-North Carolina boundary, now Jersey's eastern boundary, was established in June of 1933. The boundary was set at 25 statute miles from the Atlantic shore and 25 nautical miles offshore.", "scrambled": "hTe andemC vireD-nI ni Ceandm, ewN Jeryse enpdoe ni nJue fo 1933. Teh cepir fo dminsiosa asw 25 enstc rof eth arc dan 25 nsect erp osenrp.", "original": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person.", "recovered": "The amended Virginia-North Carolina boundary, now Jersey's eastern boundary, was established in June of 1933. The boundary was set at 25 statute miles from the Atlantic shore and 25 nautical miles offshore."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT urhhCc fo nndgEla si silegln tis etnsniesvtm ni PB, Slelh dan torhe lio dna sga ntsiag eauesbc ythe od otn \u201crtpocte oGd\u2019s rianetco\u201d. pcArohsihb fo rrCuabntye tisnJu beylW, a ormfer ilo dtynruis korewr, idas hte actmile isrisc \u201ceenthatrs eht enaplt ew ivel no\u201d. orF 10 isnhgt ouy dnee ot nokw eahc yad, isng pu ot eht iDayl feginBir twetnelsre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Church of England's teaching on marriage is clear: \u201crespect God's creation\u201d. According to Robert Williams, a former clergyman and theologian, the actual phrase is \u201chonour the institution of marriage\u201d. For 10 nights you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Fasting Newsletter.", "scrambled": "heT urhhCc fo nndgEla si silegln tis etnsniesvtm ni PB, Slelh dan torhe lio dna sga ntsiag eauesbc ythe od otn \u201crtpocte oGd\u2019s rianetco\u201d. pcArohsihb fo rrCuabntye tisnJu beylW, a ormfer ilo dtynruis korewr, idas hte actmile isrisc \u201ceenthatrs eht enaplt ew ivel no\u201d. orF 10 isnhgt ouy dnee ot nokw eahc yad, isng pu ot eht iDayl feginBir twetnelsre.", "original": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter.", "recovered": "The Church of England's teaching on marriage is clear: \u201crespect God's creation\u201d. According to Robert Williams, a former clergyman and theologian, the actual phrase is \u201chonour the institution of marriage\u201d. For 10 nights you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Fasting Newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT iaenotCnnlt nCsresgo ddtopea hte aelaDrotcin fo necIdneepnde hilew eeigtmn ni hadailheiPlp ta teh sPnenvalyian Steat oesuH \u2013 own decnepdneIen llaH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Continental Congress declared the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia, the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall.", "scrambled": "heT iaenotCnnlt nCsresgo ddtopea hte aelaDrotcin fo necIdneepnde hilew eeigtmn ni hadailheiPlp ta teh sPnenvalyian Steat oesuH \u2013 own decnepdneIen llaH.", "original": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall.", "recovered": "The Continental Congress declared the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia, the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh Duek nda eDucssh fo sesxuS ahev dsai tath yteh erwe olevndiv ni a \u201caner tcrascptaioh arc aches\u201d onigilnvv aarzapipz tgoreoahprpsh ni wNe kYor. nI a nttetemsa, heyt bredsecdi gibne elyelrtenssl dusprue yb a gagn fo riapazpza ni aklcdbe-otu iseveclh orf wto ursoh. weN orkY iCty ceiopl fdcomrnie taht lwehi het laroy cepolu\u2019s yrnejuo aws liaenghncgl, eehrt rewe on rtedreop oosnlicsil, umeosmssn, sjiineur ro asrrset.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were overwhelmed by a \u201cwave of support\u201d originally across the globe during their visit to New York. In a statement, they expressed gratitude by a gang of rapazza in a black-out vehicle of two hours. New York City people formed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were tremendous expressions of kindness, compassion, solidarity and respect.", "scrambled": "eTh Duek nda eDucssh fo sesxuS ahev dsai tath yteh erwe olevndiv ni a \u201caner tcrascptaioh arc aches\u201d onigilnvv aarzapipz tgoreoahprpsh ni wNe kYor. nI a nttetemsa, heyt bredsecdi gibne elyelrtenssl dusprue yb a gagn fo riapazpza ni aklcdbe-otu iseveclh orf wto ursoh. weN orkY iCty ceiopl fdcomrnie taht lwehi het laroy cepolu\u2019s yrnejuo aws liaenghncgl, eehrt rewe on rtedreop oosnlicsil, umeosmssn, sjiineur ro asrrset.", "original": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in New York. In a statement, they described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in blacked-out vehicles for two hours. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were no reported collisions, summonses, injuries or arrests.", "recovered": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were overwhelmed by a \u201cwave of support\u201d originally across the globe during their visit to New York. In a statement, they expressed gratitude by a gang of rapazza in a black-out vehicle of two hours. New York City people formed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were tremendous expressions of kindness, compassion, solidarity and respect."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh tchDu astr btea renGwy Pcier 11-5 ot nwi het rerPeim agueeL taDrs inlaf ta oonLdn\u2019s 02 eAarn no ahrydTus. nVa wneerG ktsea hte etitsl rdoecr orfm ixs-mesti nnwire hlPi aorTyl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Championship game between Grey Pier 11-5 and the Premier League Darts finalists at London's 02 Arena on Thursday was a thrilling affair. Newcomer Gerwyn Price took the title from former world number one Phil Taylor.", "scrambled": "Teh tchDu astr btea renGwy Pcier 11-5 ot nwi het rerPeim agueeL taDrs inlaf ta oonLdn\u2019s 02 eAarn no ahrydTus. nVa wneerG ktsea hte etitsl rdoecr orfm ixs-mesti nnwire hlPi aorTyl.", "original": "The Dutch star beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win the Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena on Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record from six-times winner Phil Taylor.", "recovered": "The Championship game between Grey Pier 11-5 and the Premier League Darts finalists at London's 02 Arena on Thursday was a thrilling affair. Newcomer Gerwyn Price took the title from former world number one Phil Taylor."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT BIF deanwr eolepp inasatg insgu bipluc henop raigngch otsinast ni eordr ot vdaoi oisxgnep hiter deiesvc ot iiaulcsom tfoaewrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The BIG answer people ingesting samples helps open ranging choices instances in order to avoid oxidation higher devices to facilitate workloads.", "scrambled": "ehT BIF deanwr eolepp inasatg insgu bipluc henop raigngch otsinast ni eordr ot vdaoi oisxgnep hiter deiesvc ot iiaulcsom tfoaewrs.", "original": "The FBI warned people against using public phone charging stations in order to avoid exposing their devices to malicious software.", "recovered": "The BIG answer people ingesting samples helps open ranging choices instances in order to avoid oxidation higher devices to facilitate workloads."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT ADF no ensWadeyd vpdoprae zPeifr\u2019s VRS aiencvc fro drleo taulsd, eth osdecn uhsc osht repdvpoa fro eth uisrv.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The FDA now endorsed the Pfizer's vaccine candidate from clinical trials, the second such approval from the agency.", "scrambled": "ehT ADF no ensWadeyd vpdoprae zPeifr\u2019s VRS aiencvc fro drleo taulsd, eth osdecn uhsc osht repdvpoa fro eth uisrv.", "original": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the second such shot approved for the virus.", "recovered": "The FDA now endorsed the Pfizer's vaccine candidate from clinical trials, the second such approval from the agency."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe TCF si iugsn zomaAn, iglelnag ttha teh e-mrmececo aingt hsa ectrkid ollimisn fo reuscosmn noti gsnngii pu rfo sit Pmeir soipibsunrtc sriecev hhutogr dceiepvet uers nefearcit siegdns. ehT acmnoitpl osal teksa ami ta znAmao fro ldayeegll tyrgni ot ekpe erssu rsudbebcis ohw wehsid ot ecanlc eirth rimphmsebse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The FCC is using Zooman, aligning that the e-commerce giant has restricted millions of consumers not only signing up for its Prime subscription service but also deepened users' experiences with different segmented insights. The accomplishment tasks aim to zoom in on all the details to keep users subscribed how we wished to enhance their relationships.", "scrambled": "hTe TCF si iugsn zomaAn, iglelnag ttha teh e-mrmececo aingt hsa ectrkid ollimisn fo reuscosmn noti gsnngii pu rfo sit Pmeir soipibsunrtc sriecev hhutogr dceiepvet uers nefearcit siegdns. ehT acmnoitpl osal teksa ami ta znAmao fro ldayeegll tyrgni ot ekpe erssu rsudbebcis ohw wehsid ot ecanlc eirth rimphmsebse.", "original": "The FTC is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wished to cancel their memberships.", "recovered": "The FCC is using Zooman, aligning that the e-commerce giant has restricted millions of consumers not only signing up for its Prime subscription service but also deepened users' experiences with different segmented insights. The accomplishment tasks aim to zoom in on all the details to keep users subscribed how we wished to enhance their relationships."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh rdoF rBnoco si beign creldael uebesca epeplo amy tge \u201cudgdaesicor\u201d ngtyir ot eus teh ltsbestea, eth naitaNol haygwiH iTfcarf tSyafe rantAdintsiiom dasi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Ford Bronco is becoming increasingly popular amongst the \u201crugged outdoorsy\u201d type of people, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) reports.", "scrambled": "eTh rdoF rBnoco si beign creldael uebesca epeplo amy tge \u201cudgdaesicor\u201d ngtyir ot eus teh ltsbestea, eth naitaNol haygwiH iTfcarf tSyafe rantAdintsiiom dasi.", "original": "The Ford Bronco is being recalled because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the seatbelts, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "recovered": "The Ford Bronco is becoming increasingly popular amongst the \u201crugged outdoorsy\u201d type of people, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) reports."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol amet necddlei na anintoivit ot vsiti het eihtW uHeos entx omtnh ot blateerec hiret odecns vccuesntieo naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201chet etda utgdeessg si ton bafseeli ivneg hte nesttdu-lahteet arenalcd nda tmie fo eray.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The goal of the football team was to demonstrate their dedication to the community by participating in a neighborhood clean-up, saying \u201cthe date suggested is to benefit the neighborhood-latteet and the time for prayer.\u201d", "scrambled": "eTh egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol amet necddlei na anintoivit ot vsiti het eihtW uHeos entx omtnh ot blateerec hiret odecns vccuesntieo naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201chet etda utgdeessg si ton bafseeli ivneg hte nesttdu-lahteet arenalcd nda tmie fo eray.\u201d.", "original": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to visit the White House next month to celebrate their second consecutive national championship, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not feasible given the student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.", "recovered": "The goal of the football team was to demonstrate their dedication to the community by participating in a neighborhood clean-up, saying \u201cthe date suggested is to benefit the neighborhood-latteet and the time for prayer.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Ganr tomaTina avtflsie blaeecesrt hte den fo hte eavhstr naeoss. heT lnunaa dofo ghfti swa ecclnldae idgrun teh epdmcina utb rtrudnee ofr a 15ht igstagn no ayuSdn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Grand Tomato Festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The lunana dofo gift was acclaimed during the pumpkin tub rundee for a 15th anniversary on August.", "scrambled": "heT Ganr tomaTina avtflsie blaeecesrt hte den fo hte eavhstr naeoss. heT lnunaa dofo ghfti swa ecclnldae idgrun teh epdmcina utb rtrudnee ofr a 15ht igstagn no ayuSdn.", "original": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The annual food fight was cancelled during the pandemic but returned for a 15th staging on Sunday.", "recovered": "The Grand Tomato Festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The lunana dofo gift was acclaimed during the pumpkin tub rundee for a 15th anniversary on August."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT tarGe tAatlnci samsaurSg eBtl nesetdx romf eWts aifcAr ot teh lGfu fo xieoMc dna si no roescu ot ehcar aoirFld rungid hte orneig\u2019s ueitssb rmumse smthon. sA elwl sa iewankgr ochva no laloc ecsmssyoet, raetf micgon saoerh het tonrtig eaewdse etsim ticxo sfeum tath mya eb mlhuafr ot nmuahs. nFid uto emro tihw ehT keWe Unpdrwape cpodsta.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The target attacking samples surged but nexttext from West Africa provided the gulf of Guinea and so rose to each other's rivalrungid the originating's issuesb rummse smthon. As well as iwankgr ochva no local ecsmssyoet, after mignon saoerh the tortig eaewdse etsim ticxo fseum that may be muchalfr to muhans. Find out more with The kWe Unpdrwape cpodsta.", "scrambled": "heT tarGe tAatlnci samsaurSg eBtl nesetdx romf eWts aifcAr ot teh lGfu fo xieoMc dna si no roescu ot ehcar aoirFld rungid hte orneig\u2019s ueitssb rmumse smthon. sA elwl sa iewankgr ochva no laloc ecsmssyoet, raetf micgon saoerh het tonrtig eaewdse etsim ticxo sfeum tath mya eb mlhuafr ot nmuahs. nFid uto emro tihw ehT keWe Unpdrwape cpodsta.", "original": "The Great Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Florida during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotting seaweed emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to humans. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The target attacking samples surged but nexttext from West Africa provided the gulf of Guinea and so rose to each other's rivalrungid the originating's issuesb rummse smthon. As well as iwankgr ochva no local ecsmssyoet, after mignon saoerh the tortig eaewdse etsim ticxo fseum that may be muchalfr to muhans. Find out more with The kWe Unpdrwape cpodsta."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT oeHsu tvdoe eyhglloiemrvwn no dasyeeWdn ot psas a lbil ot dspsuen eht taonni\u2019s etbd miitl hgouhrt aunrJay 1, 2025, sa kawmalres rcae ot pveetnr a sachtotpirca laudtef.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The House voted overwhelmingly to pass a bill to suspend the nation's debt limit until August 1, 2025, as a compromise to prevent a catastrophic default.", "scrambled": "ehT oeHsu tvdoe eyhglloiemrvwn no dasyeeWdn ot psas a lbil ot dspsuen eht taonni\u2019s etbd miitl hgouhrt aunrJay 1, 2025, sa kawmalres rcae ot pveetnr a sachtotpirca laudtef.", "original": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lawmakers race to prevent a catastrophic default.", "recovered": "The House voted overwhelmingly to pass a bill to suspend the nation's debt limit until August 1, 2025, as a compromise to prevent a catastrophic default."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh Iaantli irRaive tnow si duionrictng nsife fo pu ot \u20ac275 orf itorleing ni itaedgdsne on-nitiawg nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters sbogkecla scudea yb srtuitos naitgk nsaps nda ssfelei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Italian Riviera is now undergoing a fine transformation with \u20ac275 offerings for overnight stays in adjoining destinations, and a vibrant plethora of activities such as boat trips and safaris.", "scrambled": "eTh Iaantli irRaive tnow si duionrictng nsife fo pu ot \u20ac275 orf itorleing ni itaedgdsne on-nitiawg nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters sbogkecla scudea yb srtuitos naitgk nsaps nda ssfelei.", "original": "The Italian Riviera town is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated no-waiting zones, in a bid to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "recovered": "The Italian Riviera is now undergoing a fine transformation with \u20ac275 offerings for overnight stays in adjoining destinations, and a vibrant plethora of activities such as boat trips and safaris."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ueJscti aermtDtpne si iungs ot cefro axseT ot movree ntilagfo iarrebsr ni eht oiR neGrda, cihhw ovG. geGr otAtbb hsa edagur si endtdnie ot rtdee tiasmnrg morf sonricsg tion het ettsa rfmo ecixMo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The objective Department is using forces to remove Taliban insurgents in the Afghan border, which Gov. Greg Abbott has indicated is intended to deter terrorism from Mexico.", "scrambled": "eTh ueJscti aermtDtpne si iungs ot cefro axseT ot movree ntilagfo iarrebsr ni eht oiR neGrda, cihhw ovG. geGr otAtbb hsa edagur si endtdnie ot rtdee tiasmnrg morf sonricsg tion het ettsa rfmo ecixMo.", "original": "The Justice Department is suing to force Texas to remove floating barriers in the Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended to deter migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico.", "recovered": "The objective Department is using forces to remove Taliban insurgents in the Afghan border, which Gov. Greg Abbott has indicated is intended to deter terrorism from Mexico."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe SLU iTersg edadetfe eht Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 ot inw eth ogrramp\u2019s rtisf CANA menwo\u2019s katsaelblb ilontana nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, netonis duesen stih kwee terfa siftr yald illJ indBe tseugsged htta eth tiehW seHou ghitm evtiin tbho USL nda rerunn-pu waoI ot isoWnahntg rfo a njoit cnelbearito.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The SLU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 in the program's first CANA men's basketball tournament in Montana championship. However, notions do seem to fade away when Jalen Beugssed that the White House might even be considering the USL and running-up WoI to Washington for a joint celebration.", "scrambled": "hTe SLU iTersg edadetfe eht Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 ot inw eth ogrramp\u2019s rtisf CANA menwo\u2019s katsaelblb ilontana nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, netonis duesen stih kwee terfa siftr yald illJ indBe tseugsged htta eth tiehW seHou ghitm evtiin tbho USL nda rerunn-pu waoI ot isoWnahntg rfo a njoit cnelbearito.", "original": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, tension ensued this week after first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to Washington for a joint celebration.", "recovered": "The SLU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 in the program's first CANA men's basketball tournament in Montana championship. However, notions do seem to fade away when Jalen Beugssed that the White House might even be considering the USL and running-up WoI to Washington for a joint celebration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT anvtLai trpelaniam emt ta hidnitmg ot caleerd a tialaonn diohyal eratf eth tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem nwo a eobrnz ladme ta het dowlr nmpiishapcsho.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The international plan to hide the location of the tyrant's atomic stockpile was a bold move to prevent the downfall of the world's diplomatic relationships.", "scrambled": "heT anvtLai trpelaniam emt ta hidnitmg ot caleerd a tialaonn diohyal eratf eth tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem nwo a eobrnz ladme ta het dowlr nmpiishapcsho.", "original": "The Latvian parliament met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the world championships.", "recovered": "The international plan to hide the location of the tyrant's atomic stockpile was a bold move to prevent the downfall of the world's diplomatic relationships."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT iesLsnsoe ruedsec a eclap ni eth tlsa 16 fo het ntuarteomn, tgakin cpeal ni raaAuislt adn ewN dZenala, htiw losag yb lCaeshe drafwro seJam, Asaisel uosRs, reanLu mepH, eoChl elyKl nda Rclhae aDly.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The lesson ensued a clash in the Alps 16 for the tournament, taking clash in Austria and New Zealand, with Los Angeles' draft-winner James, Australia's Ross, Renan Kemp, Cole Kelly and Rachael Daly.", "scrambled": "heT iesLsnsoe ruedsec a eclap ni eth tlsa 16 fo het ntuarteomn, tgakin cpeal ni raaAuislt adn ewN dZenala, htiw losag yb lCaeshe drafwro seJam, Asaisel uosRs, reanLu mepH, eoChl elyKl nda Rclhae aDly.", "original": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking place in Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Alessia Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.", "recovered": "The lesson ensued a clash in the Alps 16 for the tournament, taking clash in Austria and New Zealand, with Los Angeles' draft-winner James, Australia's Ross, Renan Kemp, Cole Kelly and Rachael Daly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ovoipLelr-ornb trsa opdosec hte nTyo wrAad rof rhe dBaowrya etdub ni het oen-awmon apyl \u201ciarmP Facei\u201d. orCme lsao now na vrliiOe Ardaw erraeil hist raye ofr teh tWse dEn ievnsor fo hte otpourindc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The involved-party task posed the New York Award of the Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Come also now to Virile Ardor reveal his role for the West End version of the counterpart.", "scrambled": "heT ovoipLelr-ornb trsa opdosec hte nTyo wrAad rof rhe dBaowrya etdub ni het oen-awmon apyl \u201ciarmP Facei\u201d. orCme lsao now na vrliiOe Ardaw erraeil hist raye ofr teh tWse dEn ievnsor fo hte otpourindc.", "original": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the West End version of the production.", "recovered": "The involved-party task posed the New York Award of the Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Come also now to Virile Ardor reveal his role for the West End version of the counterpart."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT PM rof rhoNt sWet Nookrfl lnitodue ish oaolprps ot eTh leraTephg owlofigln a alw henacg atth lwlaso nisouccl ot uises eth krepee fo a elecvih rmof ihchw lrttei si hotnwr tihw a ilcvi anyeplt, hrrtae htna vgaihn ot peorv owh rsdiecadd eht irbsuhb. Mrsetiins ear \u201ceuryltrnc cloo no het lanp\u201d, aidnogccr ot het eaewnrpsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The PM of Rhont Swet Nookrfl introduced a proposal to The Telegraph outlining a law change that allows the public to use the keepers for a electric form of which letters are written with a civil anyeplt, rather than vghaihn to prove who transcribed the inscubhr. Misters ear \u201celectronic cool no het lanp\u201d, according to the answerwesp.", "scrambled": "ehT PM rof rhoNt sWet Nookrfl lnitodue ish oaolprps ot eTh leraTephg owlofigln a alw henacg atth lwlaso nisouccl ot uises eth krepee fo a elecvih rmof ihchw lrttei si hotnwr tihw a ilcvi anyeplt, hrrtae htna vgaihn ot peorv owh rsdiecadd eht irbsuhb. Mrsetiins ear \u201ceuryltrnc cloo no het lanp\u201d, aidnogccr ot het eaewnrpsp.", "original": "The MP for North West Norfolk outlined his proposal to The Telegraph following a law change that allows councils to issue the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper.", "recovered": "The PM of Rhont Swet Nookrfl introduced a proposal to The Telegraph outlining a law change that allows the public to use the keepers for a electric form of which letters are written with a civil anyeplt, rather than vghaihn to prove who transcribed the inscubhr. Misters ear \u201celectronic cool no het lanp\u201d, according to the answerwesp."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT PM orf aThrowtm ascfe na hgeit-kwee sonisepnus igfwolonl a adsdtSnar tmCmtieeo rtpero oint lexasu taaslsu elotngsalai. eTh codimomrneanet ocdul rgegrti a lealrc ttnpoeii ni nPcrihe\u2019s ietnnouscyct, npgiva hte wya orf a yb-cnoeetli.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The form of a totalitarian society with its high-knee salutes and its strong adhesion to the Communist Party could not tolerate a large-scale relaxation of its control. The commonment could only register a limited opposition in Pritche's intonations, giving the way of a by-covertly.", "scrambled": "ehT PM orf aThrowtm ascfe na hgeit-kwee sonisepnus igfwolonl a adsdtSnar tmCmtieeo rtpero oint lexasu taaslsu elotngsalai. eTh codimomrneanet ocdul rgegrti a lealrc ttnpoeii ni nPcrihe\u2019s ietnnouscyct, npgiva hte wya orf a yb-cnoeetli.", "original": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a Standards Committee report into sexual assault allegations. The recommendation could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election.", "recovered": "The form of a totalitarian society with its high-knee salutes and its strong adhesion to the Communist Party could not tolerate a large-scale relaxation of its control. The commonment could only register a limited opposition in Pritche's intonations, giving the way of a by-covertly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT latiNoan rakP routhtyAi isht kewe nwo na lpeaap gsanati a hHgi Cotur unilgr ni urJyana ttah virtsios idd nto haev eth ihtrg ot cmap no rDoaomtr htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi. eTh iontnlaa rpka ni oDnve si eth ylno ealcp ni Elnandg nad eWsla erehw iwld pigmnac si eallg, urdne a dedseac-lod oclla awl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Latin American rap group A.H.G. Cultura Unida is known to have a deep connection to their homeland, as their music often contains references to their culture and traditions. The international rap scene has also seen El Neng and Wela Herew, two other Latin American rap groups, make a big impact with their conscious-laden lyrics.", "scrambled": "heT latiNoan rakP routhtyAi isht kewe nwo na lpeaap gsanati a hHgi Cotur unilgr ni urJyana ttah virtsios idd nto haev eth ihtrg ot cmap no rDoaomtr htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi. eTh iontnlaa rpka ni oDnve si eth ylno ealcp ni Elnandg nad eWsla erehw iwld pigmnac si eallg, urdne a dedseac-lod oclla awl.", "original": "The National Park Authority this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Dartmoor without the landowners\u2019 permission. The national park in Devon is the only place in England and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law.", "recovered": "The Latin American rap group A.H.G. Cultura Unida is known to have a deep connection to their homeland, as their music often contains references to their culture and traditions. The international rap scene has also seen El Neng and Wela Herew, two other Latin American rap groups, make a big impact with their conscious-laden lyrics."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh nalotNai bilPcu aletHh ybooatarLr asw zidees hist keew yb stgfhier ni dunSa\u2019s iaalctp fo hmrtoaKu. A high-ankignr camleid rsoeuc ltdo NNC tath hte abl, cihwh otanscin sspaelm fo sedisesa dan tehor boliicaolg tieraalm, ahd enbe tkaen reov yb het apidR uoStprp resFco, hte riapmyatiral uogrp lnbtatgi eth aeSsneud edrAm roesFc rfo ootrlnc fo eth urnocyt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The National Park Service was tasked with protecting the biodiversity of Yellowstone's alpine habitat from the impacts of climate change and other environmental threats, and has been able to do so through the help of the Rapid Response Fund, the primary funding source for the Yellowstone Ecosystem Resilience and Adaptation Fund for conservation of the ecosystem.", "scrambled": "Teh nalotNai bilPcu aletHh ybooatarLr asw zidees hist keew yb stgfhier ni dunSa\u2019s iaalctp fo hmrtoaKu. A high-ankignr camleid rsoeuc ltdo NNC tath hte abl, cihwh otanscin sspaelm fo sedisesa dan tehor boliicaolg tieraalm, ahd enbe tkaen reov yb het apidR uoStprp resFco, hte riapmyatiral uogrp lnbtatgi eth aeSsneud edrAm roesFc rfo ootrlnc fo eth urnocyt.", "original": "The National Public Health Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital of Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of diseases and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the paramilitary group battling the Sudanese Armed Forces for control of the country.", "recovered": "The National Park Service was tasked with protecting the biodiversity of Yellowstone's alpine habitat from the impacts of climate change and other environmental threats, and has been able to do so through the help of the Rapid Response Fund, the primary funding source for the Yellowstone Ecosystem Resilience and Adaptation Fund for conservation of the ecosystem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh cOaen aStte si het fiafloci ienmckan fo dheRo daslIn. eihlW het ttsea si eth ssmtllae ni het niuno, ti astbso mseo 400 mesli fo senhliero.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The coastal state is the official nickname for Delaware. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts more than 400 miles of shoreline.", "scrambled": "Teh cOaen aStte si het fiafloci ienmckan fo dheRo daslIn. eihlW het ttsea si eth ssmtllae ni het niuno, ti astbso mseo 400 mesli fo senhliero.", "original": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts some 400 miles of shoreline.", "recovered": "The coastal state is the official nickname for Delaware. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts more than 400 miles of shoreline."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Orasc-nwginni tarco si nebgi edus yb a anm skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr jiurisne geeldllya sesnditau wehn hes shdaerc tion mhi no a Utha kis olesp ni 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid rteopmsoitt yrTer soernndaS lddeiolc htwi erh nda si iterognuuscn ofr \u201ca lsimcoyb\u201d $1 ni meaasdg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The organizing committee sent out a call for proposals in 2016 with a deadline of December 1st for a $300,000 allocation of funds for jurisprudence related activities when he shared his idea of a Utah-based fellowship program. Participants were required to submit a $1 fee for the application process.", "scrambled": "heT Orasc-nwginni tarco si nebgi edus yb a anm skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr jiurisne geeldllya sesnditau wehn hes shdaerc tion mhi no a Utha kis olesp ni 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid rteopmsoitt yrTer soernndaS lddeiolc htwi erh nda si iterognuuscn ofr \u201ca lsimcoyb\u201d $1 ni meaasdg.", "original": "The Oscar-winning actor is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she crashed into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow claims retired optometrist Terry Sanderson collided with her and is countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "recovered": "The organizing committee sent out a call for proposals in 2016 with a deadline of December 1st for a $300,000 allocation of funds for jurisprudence related activities when he shared his idea of a Utah-based fellowship program. Participants were required to submit a $1 fee for the application process."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh hcaeP Steat tosl 90% fo ist tpaels rfuit opcr tish eayr etrfa nbralyloam amrw niwret thwreae nda a elta-nseosa eefrez, eharreesrsc ays.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The cheap state tolls 90% of its tolls per trip rather than annually and a flat-seasonal fee, charges apply.", "scrambled": "eTh hcaeP Steat tosl 90% fo ist tpaels rfuit opcr tish eayr etrfa nbralyloam amrw niwret thwreae nda a elta-nseosa eefrez, eharreesrsc ays.", "original": "The Peach State lost 90% of its staple fruit crop this year after abnormally warm winter weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "recovered": "The cheap state tolls 90% of its tolls per trip rather than annually and a flat-seasonal fee, charges apply."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Pihlspnpiie lifrbye huts tsi pericaas ni a bdi ot caltek neretc taoiprr ouaetsg. nI hist ayer aenlo, wot raomj tsgaeou ta eht rtraiop asduce prdwiasdee hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg nlsoicatnacle efanicgft etns fo naudsthos fo erpnassges.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Phillips family byline puts its precariousness in a bid to tackle recent topical outages. In this area alone, what amounts to the trappings of widespread shock with drenched funds for lifting colossal technological enhancements of authorship for expressions.", "scrambled": "heT Pihlspnpiie lifrbye huts tsi pericaas ni a bdi ot caltek neretc taoiprr ouaetsg. nI hist ayer aenlo, wot raomj tsgaeou ta eht rtraiop asduce prdwiasdee hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg nlsoicatnacle efanicgft etns fo naudsthos fo erpnassges.", "original": "The Philippines briefly shut its airspace in a bid to tackle recent airport outages. In this year alone, two major outages at the airport caused widespread chaos with hundreds of flight cancellations affecting tens of thousands of passengers.", "recovered": "The Phillips family byline puts its precariousness in a bid to tackle recent topical outages. In this area alone, what amounts to the trappings of widespread shock with drenched funds for lifting colossal technological enhancements of authorship for expressions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT nesrcsPi fo lWesa jdoien het elasehC orwlFe oSwh\u2019s srtfi eevr rehicnld\u2019s ccinpi, trpa fo a piagmanc yb niaerosrg Rlaoy utualitrrlocH etSyico (HSR) ot soobt loocsh drenaiggn. eTh launan owsh laso tfuaerde nxsiiibothe ipagyn trebtiu ot eneuQ laEeibthz II.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The perspective of Wales Jones' health care workforce of Richard's commission, part of a pan-Wales programme by National Health Service (NHS) to boost local training and development. The plan also furthered existing initiatives to ensure quality Elizabeth II.", "scrambled": "heT nesrcsPi fo lWesa jdoien het elasehC orwlFe oSwh\u2019s srtfi eevr rehicnld\u2019s ccinpi, trpa fo a piagmanc yb niaerosrg Rlaoy utualitrrlocH etSyico (HSR) ot soobt loocsh drenaiggn. eTh launan owsh laso tfuaerde nxsiiibothe ipagyn trebtiu ot eneuQ laEeibthz II.", "original": "The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by organiser Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.", "recovered": "The perspective of Wales Jones' health care workforce of Richard's commission, part of a pan-Wales programme by National Health Service (NHS) to boost local training and development. The plan also furthered existing initiatives to ensure quality Elizabeth II."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh RACPS sida lclsa ot tis anesk olthnei erwe ta na lla-meit ighh, dan wrdnea fo na dexetpec aisercne ni ssepeca revo teh mmruse sa eth eetisplr ocmebe omer ivteac ni hto watrhee. iFdn uot erom twhi eTh ekeW erdnaUppw atcsopd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The scraps slid across the sink like a hail-meit night, and wondered for a deep respect aspersed in respect of the murmurs as the epistler combed over it vectai in the weather. Find out more from this The Week Underpinned.", "scrambled": "eTh RACPS sida lclsa ot tis anesk olthnei erwe ta na lla-meit ighh, dan wrdnea fo na dexetpec aisercne ni ssepeca revo teh mmruse sa eth eetisplr ocmebe omer ivteac ni hto watrhee. iFdn uot erom twhi eTh ekeW erdnaUppw atcsopd.", "original": "The RSPCA said calls to its snake hotline were at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in escapes over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The scraps slid across the sink like a hail-meit night, and wondered for a deep respect aspersed in respect of the murmurs as the epistler combed over it vectai in the weather. Find out more from this The Week Underpinned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT gnoiRll sntSoe ftnaonrm arlcedeteb hsi 80ht hbdatyri, no 26 ylJu, hwti a tras-dseddtu raytp ni oonLnd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Rolling Stones performed a celebrated concert on their 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "scrambled": "ehT gnoiRll sntSoe ftnaonrm arlcedeteb hsi 80ht hbdatyri, no 26 ylJu, hwti a tras-dseddtu raytp ni oonLnd.", "original": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "recovered": "The Rolling Stones performed a celebrated concert on their 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh oalyR aiFlmy ash iadgensdte a uicehq meda whti nsicahp, avaf nbesa nad arotgnar sa eth vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. eTh reeicp nsdelciu sgeg, racme nda decahrd eehesc, dgcnorcia ot het Ryaol isbwtee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Royal family had insisted on a quiet meal with snatches of conversation, and a rota of the Queen's officials had. The recipe included cheese, cream and charred peaches, according to the Royal taste.", "scrambled": "Teh oalyR aiFlmy ash iadgensdte a uicehq meda whti nsicahp, avaf nbesa nad arotgnar sa eth vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. eTh reeicp nsdelciu sgeg, racme nda decahrd eehesc, dgcnorcia ot het Ryaol isbwtee.", "original": "The Royal Family has designated a quiche made with spinach, fava beans and tarragon as the event\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website.", "recovered": "The Royal family had insisted on a quiet meal with snatches of conversation, and a rota of the Queen's officials had. The recipe included cheese, cream and charred peaches, according to the Royal taste."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe siaunsR reelda illw ton edttna na oiceomcn mmsiut ni nhogubnresaJ etnx hnotm, kngcdiu het siobyltipis fo asrtre no na etnlnaotniarI Caminirl touCr (CIC) ctniitmend csinucga mhi fo rwa emicrs. sA a rbmeme fo het CIC, htoSu rAciaf dluow ahev nebe gbiodel ot rrteas nPtui fi eh itveids teh utynorc, tbu iuaRss adh \u201cdeam ti lcera\u201d thta sith duwol eb \u201ca ldtoiaecrna fo rwa\u201d, isad thoSu Acifra\u2019s edsntrpie, lriCy hRaamaosp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Canadian International Council (CIC) recently committed itself to a research project on the implications of the \u201cdeal to repair\u201d that was \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, according to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau\u2019s statement, recognizing the political stability of the region. As a member of the CIC, the Honourable Chrystia Freeland will have been obliged to assess the implications of this initiative, but Russia had \u201cdeclared war\u201d, according to Freeland\u2019s predecessor, Lyry Chrystia.", "scrambled": "hTe siaunsR reelda illw ton edttna na oiceomcn mmsiut ni nhogubnresaJ etnx hnotm, kngcdiu het siobyltipis fo asrtre no na etnlnaotniarI Caminirl touCr (CIC) ctniitmend csinucga mhi fo rwa emicrs. sA a rbmeme fo het CIC, htoSu rAciaf dluow ahev nebe gbiodel ot rrteas nPtui fi eh itveids teh utynorc, tbu iuaRss adh \u201cdeam ti lcera\u201d thta sith duwol eb \u201ca ldtoiaecrna fo rwa\u201d, isad thoSu Acifra\u2019s edsntrpie, lriCy hRaamaosp.", "original": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if he visited the country, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, Cyril Ramaphosa.", "recovered": "The Canadian International Council (CIC) recently committed itself to a research project on the implications of the \u201cdeal to repair\u201d that was \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, according to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau\u2019s statement, recognizing the political stability of the region. As a member of the CIC, the Honourable Chrystia Freeland will have been obliged to assess the implications of this initiative, but Russia had \u201cdeclared war\u201d, according to Freeland\u2019s predecessor, Lyry Chrystia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT oshSittc lcePio raeFentiod, which ssrrpeenet ecpiol resicoff, ash rodrpeet gbine \u201ctinnaddue tiwh matlnciops\u201d ervo hte clypio, hciwh eth oercf idsa wsa aysesrecn os atht tsffa odlcu wrea pevcteirto PFF3 sksma hatt reeqriu eurss ot eb ecnal-sanhve. uroF frfocesi aer tpryelreod agnitk lelag tancio ni eliaotrn ot eht elur, ued ot oemc noit cfeeft no 29 yMa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The scientific principle, which represents physical science, as opposed to gibing \u201ctendency towards metaphysical\u201d over the principle, which the force idea was essentially that stuff old could were predicted to PFF3 schemes that require us to be analytical-shave. For forensic art were employed against legal action in relation to the law, used to come effect no 29 May.", "scrambled": "heT oshSittc lcePio raeFentiod, which ssrrpeenet ecpiol resicoff, ash rodrpeet gbine \u201ctinnaddue tiwh matlnciops\u201d ervo hte clypio, hciwh eth oercf idsa wsa aysesrecn os atht tsffa odlcu wrea pevcteirto PFF3 sksma hatt reeqriu eurss ot eb ecnal-sanhve. uroF frfocesi aer tpryelreod agnitk lelag tancio ni eliaotrn ot eht elur, ued ot oemc noit cfeeft no 29 yMa.", "original": "The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the policy, which the force said was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to come into effect on 29 May.", "recovered": "The scientific principle, which represents physical science, as opposed to gibing \u201ctendency towards metaphysical\u201d over the principle, which the force idea was essentially that stuff old could were predicted to PFF3 schemes that require us to be analytical-shave. For forensic art were employed against legal action in relation to the law, used to come effect no 29 May."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT inebaSr enistn nimcohpa eddetafe eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 ot uasspsr aRlefa Naald\u2019s agrnd assml crorde.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The baseline tennis champion Rafael Nadal's grand slam record was defended with a 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 upset at the US Open.", "scrambled": "heT inebaSr enistn nimcohpa eddetafe eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 ot uasspsr aRlefa Naald\u2019s agrnd assml crorde.", "original": "The Serbian tennis champion defeated Casper Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.", "recovered": "The baseline tennis champion Rafael Nadal's grand slam record was defended with a 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 upset at the US Open."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh remepuS tCuro dleru Tahysrud ttha het elta ydAn oWhalr ednniirgf no a erhphrogopat\u2019s crhoigtyp ewnh eh ectdare a sieesr fo lksi cernsse bdeas no a pagphthroo fo het tlea rgenis rPicen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Supreme Court ruled that the data and Whalr\u2019s cryptography when he created a series of keys corresponds to a photograph of the legal Prince.", "scrambled": "eTh remepuS tCuro dleru Tahysrud ttha het elta ydAn oWhalr ednniirgf no a erhphrogopat\u2019s crhoigtyp ewnh eh ectdare a sieesr fo lksi cernsse bdeas no a pagphthroo fo het tlea rgenis rPicen.", "original": "The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that the late Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he created a series of silk screens based on a photograph of the late singer Prince.", "recovered": "The Supreme Court ruled that the data and Whalr\u2019s cryptography when he created a series of keys corresponds to a photograph of the legal Prince."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh SU esmCuorn crutdoP tfyeaS omCsosiimn elercald 2 lmnlioi otlnPoe iesbk edu ot a stafye razhad udeasc yb teh sdteujbala taes htat ocdlu rakeb rgidun esu adn iunjre het iedrr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US Congress approved a stimulus package of two trillion dollars to help stabilize the economy and provide relief to individuals and businesses that are struggling during this difficult time.", "scrambled": "eTh SU esmCuorn crutdoP tfyeaS omCsosiimn elercald 2 lmnlioi otlnPoe iesbk edu ot a stafye razhad udeasc yb teh sdteujbala taes htat ocdlu rakeb rgidun esu adn iunjre het iedrr.", "original": "The US Consumer Product Safety Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adjustable seat that could break during use and injure the rider.", "recovered": "The US Congress approved a stimulus package of two trillion dollars to help stabilize the economy and provide relief to individuals and businesses that are struggling during this difficult time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT SU rgenontmve si nagtirck rdauon 650 OUF cesas. btuoA ahfl fo ohtes ear nbeig iertrdiiopz rfo \u201cmsonuaola nieitetsgrn ueval,\u201d odacgcnir ot a oenaPntg liiofcaf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The government has taken drastic action of up to 650% cases. About half of those are being retrofitted for \u201cmonumental investments,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "scrambled": "heT SU rgenontmve si nagtirck rdauon 650 OUF cesas. btuoA ahfl fo ohtes ear nbeig iertrdiiopz rfo \u201cmsonuaola nieitetsgrn ueval,\u201d odacgcnir ot a oenaPntg liiofcaf.", "original": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of those are being prioritized for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "recovered": "The government has taken drastic action of up to 650% cases. About half of those are being retrofitted for \u201cmonumental investments,\u201d according to a Pentagon official."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero hant 650 leiopntat OUF ecssa, crgdcaion ot het nonaePgt. Dseiept nietnoudc ctnalpuseoi, floicafis ettrdieera hsit keew ahtt reeht\u2019s on cineveed fo raeelxttirrasetr elif ni het gsitnghis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The surrounding environment has taken a 650 foot plunge off the Pacific Coast. Despite numerous complications, officials determined that there's been a significant increase in the fishing industry.", "scrambled": "hTe SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero hant 650 leiopntat OUF ecssa, crgdcaion ot het nonaePgt. Dseiept nietnoudc ctnalpuseoi, floicafis ettrdieera hsit keew ahtt reeht\u2019s on cineveed fo raeelxttirrasetr elif ni het gsitnghis.", "original": "The US government is tracking more than 650 potential UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, officials reiterated this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the sightings.", "recovered": "The surrounding environment has taken a 650 foot plunge off the Pacific Coast. Despite numerous complications, officials determined that there's been a significant increase in the fishing industry."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe SU epnode na myebsas ni het aiifccP ladisn inonat fo oagTn no desyuaT, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa oemv ot aroednb tis itamcplodi oorptintf ni a iegrno rhewe iCnah sha eneb gsarinnice tsi nenliefcu ni ctenre erysa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US responded to mybasas in the Pacific Islands nation of Tonga, Washington's tallest embassy to aboard this complicated operation in a region where China has been gaining influence in recent years.", "scrambled": "hTe SU epnode na myebsas ni het aiifccP ladisn inonat fo oagTn no desyuaT, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa oemv ot aroednb tis itamcplodi oorptintf ni a iegrno rhewe iCnah sha eneb gsarinnice tsi nenliefcu ni ctenre erysa.", "original": "The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "recovered": "The US responded to mybasas in the Pacific Islands nation of Tonga, Washington's tallest embassy to aboard this complicated operation in a region where China has been gaining influence in recent years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh SU desrchaup 828,000 aresqu esiml fo nadl etsw fo eth ssiiiipMssp rieRv rofm erncaF rof $15 imilonl \u2013 guibodln eth zsie fo hte anniot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The purchase of 828,000 missiles for the USS Missouri River from France for $15 million \u2013 building the size of the arsenal.", "scrambled": "eTh SU desrchaup 828,000 aresqu esiml fo nadl etsw fo eth ssiiiipMssp rieRv rofm erncaF rof $15 imilonl \u2013 guibodln eth zsie fo hte anniot.", "original": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "recovered": "The purchase of 828,000 missiles for the USS Missouri River from France for $15 million \u2013 building the size of the arsenal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ntUedi sNnotai ghHi nroiiCemossm rfo suegfRee atsitseme eth eurbnm fo sefurgee oweidldrw si arpcgnoipha 35 limlino lpepeo \u2014 lghoatuh htat emrnbu seod ton indecul teh imosinll fo rclifoby capedidls loppee owh evha tno eneb anrdetg ugeeerf sutast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates that there are around 35 million refugees worldwide \u2014 though that number does not include the millions more internally displaced people who have also been forced to flee their homes.", "scrambled": "heT ntUedi sNnotai ghHi nroiiCemossm rfo suegfRee atsitseme eth eurbnm fo sefurgee oweidldrw si arpcgnoipha 35 limlino lpepeo \u2014 lghoatuh htat emrnbu seod ton indecul teh imosinll fo rclifoby capedidls loppee owh evha tno eneb anrdetg ugeeerf sutast.", "original": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status.", "recovered": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates that there are around 35 million refugees worldwide \u2014 though that number does not include the millions more internally displaced people who have also been forced to flee their homes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT gitnoWshan tPos/ACB llop fo rmeo htna 1,000 oepepl onduf ahtt 43% viebedel ttha 80-arey-odl idnBe nda oldanD muTpr, 76, ear tbho oot dol ot rvsee eraohtn tmer. fI enidB si er-deeectl ni 2024, eh odlwu eb 82 ewnh eh esakt eciffo adn 86 wnhe hsi onescd tmer sdne.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Washington Post/ABC poll found that 43% of the 80-year-old Biden and older Trump supporters, 76, both voted to remove her from office. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "scrambled": "heT gitnoWshan tPos/ACB llop fo rmeo htna 1,000 oepepl onduf ahtt 43% viebedel ttha 80-arey-odl idnBe nda oldanD muTpr, 76, ear tbho oot dol ot rvsee eraohtn tmer. fI enidB si er-deeectl ni 2024, eh odlwu eb 82 ewnh eh esakt eciffo adn 86 wnhe hsi onescd tmer sdne.", "original": "The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "recovered": "The Washington Post/ABC poll found that 43% of the 80-year-old Biden and older Trump supporters, 76, both voted to remove her from office. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe sWte anicfrA otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin sha ovted ot ahblosi eth ahtde enplyta, fifroeng na dceetxep ereervpi rfo 176 edcmnedno snoeprsir. fI sdPetrnei aaNn Aufko-ddoA eanssst ot hte nwe wal, naGah iwll cmoeeb het 124ht nintoa ni het odlwr ot tlwoua het taelpyn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Southwest African country's parliament has voted to abolish the apartheid employer, foreign national descent employment preference for 176 condemned non-Europeans. If President Nelson Mandela's stance to the new wall, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to allow the employment.", "scrambled": "hTe sWte anicfrA otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin sha ovted ot ahblosi eth ahtde enplyta, fifroeng na dceetxep ereervpi rfo 176 edcmnedno snoeprsir. fI sdPetrnei aaNn Aufko-ddoA eanssst ot hte nwe wal, naGah iwll cmoeeb het 124ht nintoa ni het odlwr ot tlwoua het taelpyn.", "original": "The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 condemned prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty.", "recovered": "The Southwest African country's parliament has voted to abolish the apartheid employer, foreign national descent employment preference for 176 condemned non-Europeans. If President Nelson Mandela's stance to the new wall, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to allow the employment."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh eWith oesHu si gkatin ptsse ot idvoa a gmdgnaia uota kstier. mesberM fo a glrae atou rreoksw nouni ahev eeeantdhtr ot ertsik evro teh ndiutysr\u2019s enndlpa snintoatri ot retlecic vceileh uoctdproni nda nwe iionssmes tasdrnsad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Welfare House is taking steps to avoid a damaging quota system. Members of a large auto workers union have demanded that risk every the industry\u2019s endgame situation to reflect vehicle production and new innovations standards.", "scrambled": "Teh eWith oesHu si gkatin ptsse ot idvoa a gmdgnaia uota kstier. mesberM fo a glrae atou rreoksw nouni ahev eeeantdhtr ot ertsik evro teh ndiutysr\u2019s enndlpa snintoatri ot retlecic vceileh uoctdproni nda nwe iionssmes tasdrnsad.", "original": "The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over the industry\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.", "recovered": "The Welfare House is taking steps to avoid a damaging quota system. Members of a large auto workers union have demanded that risk every the industry\u2019s endgame situation to reflect vehicle production and new innovations standards."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT etiWrsr ulGdi fo rciameA, irpneeterngs meor athn 11,000 rmeesmb, ash eitdnh atth het owkr ppgtsaeo olcdu tsla orf yamn tmsnho. heT aslt AWG sekrti anr rfo 100 syda rofm 2007 ot 2008.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, held its work stoppage for almost three months. The last WGA strike lasted for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "scrambled": "heT etiWrsr ulGdi fo rciameA, irpneeterngs meor athn 11,000 rmeesmb, ash eitdnh atth het owkr ppgtsaeo olcdu tsla orf yamn tmsnho. heT aslt AWG sekrti anr rfo 100 syda rofm 2007 ot 2008.", "original": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "recovered": "The writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, held its work stoppage for almost three months. The last WGA strike lasted for 100 days from 2007 to 2008."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh krershoiY itcy\u2019s Hyed kPar urtciPe euHso dopeener no aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm totsaerroni. heT imnaec frtsi ndpeeo sit rsdoo ni 1914, ithw gsa hgtsli leaniltds ot edert \u201ctppeipaorniar iehurbavo\u201d yb soarpnt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Yorkshire Pudding Club held their first deep-pan dinner in Fairydene on 30 June, raising a \u00a34.8 million coronavirus charity fund. Their immense first step towards raising funds was launched in 1914, with great lengths to adopt \u201cpatriotic behaviour\u201d by donors.", "scrambled": "Teh krershoiY itcy\u2019s Hyed kPar urtciPe euHso dopeener no aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm totsaerroni. heT imnaec frtsi ndpeeo sit rsdoo ni 1914, ithw gsa hgtsli leaniltds ot edert \u201ctppeipaorniar iehurbavo\u201d yb soarpnt.", "original": "The Yorkshire city\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights installed to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "recovered": "The Yorkshire Pudding Club held their first deep-pan dinner in Fairydene on 30 June, raising a \u00a34.8 million coronavirus charity fund. Their immense first step towards raising funds was launched in 1914, with great lengths to adopt \u201cpatriotic behaviour\u201d by donors."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ratco eldverae iths ewke ttah eh nda hsi ergifrnldi, itarmla star truscitnro ffyinTa henC, eerw taeicenrlbg eht hribt fo hrite reghudta, aiG igniriaV hnCe-eD ioNr. eH ash isx ertoh einhdlrc, eoswh eags neagr ni ega mrof 11 ot 51.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The tractor delivered these weeks that he and his grandfather, Italian Star Transistor Company, were creating the birth of right-hand drive, Giugiaro-designed Nissan. He has his first hold in her, whose age range in age from 11 to 51.", "scrambled": "heT ratco eldverae iths ewke ttah eh nda hsi ergifrnldi, itarmla star truscitnro ffyinTa henC, eerw taeicenrlbg eht hribt fo hrite reghudta, aiG igniriaV hnCe-eD ioNr. eH ash isx ertoh einhdlrc, eoswh eags neagr ni ega mrof 11 ot 51.", "original": "The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range in age from 11 to 51.", "recovered": "The tractor delivered these weeks that he and his grandfather, Italian Star Transistor Company, were creating the birth of right-hand drive, Giugiaro-designed Nissan. He has his first hold in her, whose age range in age from 11 to 51."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT orptiar asw het twsro rfo a cdones ryae ni a orw, whti slfhgti ni 2022 gnealiv fhal na ruho dnebhi hduseelc no eraevga. staE sMinldda rotrApi aws eth opt rrfempoer, iwht avgeear sayled fo tsju 13 nmsuite, ilhwe het KU aaeergv aws 23 nmiteus, ocagcnird ot atad ormf teh iCivl aoviAtin uittyhAor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The pilot was the first for a commercial flight in a row, with slight delay in 2022 generally halving the scheduled duration. State Minister for Aviation was the opt reformer, with average delay for just 13 minutes, while the KU average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "scrambled": "heT orptiar asw het twsro rfo a cdones ryae ni a orw, whti slfhgti ni 2022 gnealiv fhal na ruho dnebhi hduseelc no eraevga. staE sMinldda rotrApi aws eth opt rrfempoer, iwht avgeear sayled fo tsju 13 nmsuite, ilhwe het KU aaeergv aws 23 nmiteus, ocagcnird ot atad ormf teh iCivl aoviAtin uittyhAor.", "original": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average delays of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "recovered": "The pilot was the first for a commercial flight in a row, with slight delay in 2022 generally halving the scheduled duration. State Minister for Aviation was the opt reformer, with average delay for just 13 minutes, while the KU average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aneltarivet ot riaatldtoin cmneirota dna uairlb will eocmbe het KU\u2019s isftr wne lgale edmhto fo opesrc aidsplso sinec het oiCrtanem ctA fo 1902. heT psersoc islvnove isoingdlsv a dyob ni a abg ni 160C twrae aettrde htwi na lklaia adn hsa a wlroe oabnrc toforptni hnta asg-eifrd tiocnaemr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The alternative to retaliation and rivalry will become the KU's first legal amendment of operations policies since the Constitution Act of 1902. Their perspicacious involving is ongoing and involves a job in a bag in 1608 towards a treaty with an alliance and has a worldwide coronation to fortify that as-agreed tonnage.", "scrambled": "Teh aneltarivet ot riaatldtoin cmneirota dna uairlb will eocmbe het KU\u2019s isftr wne lgale edmhto fo opesrc aidsplso sinec het oiCrtanem ctA fo 1902. heT psersoc islvnove isoingdlsv a dyob ni a abg ni 160C twrae aettrde htwi na lklaia adn hsa a wlroe oabnrc toforptni hnta asg-eifrd tiocnaemr.", "original": "The alternative to traditional cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves dissolving a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired cremation.", "recovered": "The alternative to retaliation and rivalry will become the KU's first legal amendment of operations policies since the Constitution Act of 1902. Their perspicacious involving is ongoing and involves a job in a bag in 1608 towards a treaty with an alliance and has a worldwide coronation to fortify that as-agreed tonnage."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT sanalisy fo adat no plepeo gaed 40 ot 69 nklied auhilatb npas htiw arlgre anirb omlvue veqlienuat ot pu ot 6.5 efwre asery fo niagge. ndiF uot meor hiwt Teh eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The analysis of data showed that people aged 40 to 69 had an average life expectancy of up to 6.5 years higher than the World Population Data.", "scrambled": "ehT sanalisy fo adat no plepeo gaed 40 ot 69 nklied auhilatb npas htiw arlgre anirb omlvue veqlienuat ot pu ot 6.5 efwre asery fo niagge. ndiF uot meor hiwt Teh eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd.", "original": "The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume equivalent to up to 6.5 fewer years of ageing. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The analysis of data showed that people aged 40 to 69 had an average life expectancy of up to 6.5 years higher than the World Population Data."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT inslasay fo psres fdmeore ni 180 uiorntsec dan eoiretrsrti upt eth hetrmi ogndkim ni slat cplae no eth nnaula rWodl ssreP Freeomd eIdxn, llfdewoo yb anmtVie nda nChai. rwyaoN optdpe het ganrkni ofr eht thesenv eayr ni a owr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The island of freedom and democracy in the World Wide Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China, recently topped the ranking of the seven major economies in a row.", "scrambled": "heT inslasay fo psres fdmeore ni 180 uiorntsec dan eoiretrsrti upt eth hetrmi ogndkim ni slat cplae no eth nnaula rWodl ssreP Freeomd eIdxn, llfdewoo yb anmtVie nda nChai. rwyaoN optdpe het ganrkni ofr eht thesenv eayr ni a owr.", "original": "The analysis of press freedom in 180 countries and territories put the hermit kingdom in last place on the annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China. Norway topped the ranking for the seventh year in a row.", "recovered": "The island of freedom and democracy in the World Wide Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China, recently topped the ranking of the seven major economies in a row."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT aegarve soct fo lugrrae sglaione ni tangsWinoh ahs mjdeup yb remo ntah 30 cnste ni teh spta ohmtn ot emor nath $4.90 a alglon, gondiacrc ot AAA. saG ni Crnaliiofa si neylar 10 cnset rcehpea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average cost for larger salons in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "scrambled": "ehT aegarve soct fo lugrrae sglaione ni tangsWinoh ahs mjdeup yb remo ntah 30 cnste ni teh spta ohmtn ot emor nath $4.90 a alglon, gondiacrc ot AAA. saG ni Crnaliiofa si neylar 10 cnset rcehpea.", "original": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "recovered": "The average cost for larger salons in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT aevreag tweamelrno si uobat 92% etrwa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average temperature is about 92% Fahrenheit.", "scrambled": "heT aevreag tweamelrno si uobat 92% etrwa.", "original": "The average watermelon is about 92% water.", "recovered": "The average temperature is about 92% Fahrenheit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT eagerav riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee no Tesyuda caeredh a wne high fo 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het owl 60s mya nto sdnuo revy toh ot teh oiillmsn fo srcmaiAne gteiwsna hrtohug a mruems hate evwa, het ugifer si tsoalm a ullf dreeeg isleCsu vaoeb eth eargave tutarerpeem eebenwt 1979 nda 2000 adn ptesrnrese a ewn itoiarcnd htat taEhr\u2019s tcmiale si ahtgnie pu efstra ntha aiatendctpi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average temperature in Tokyo reached a high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the average monthly temperature in the early 1960s was not very different to the overall mean of the Scandinavian countries through a period of more than 20 years, the average temperature in Tokyo has been steadily increasing between 1979 and 2000 and presents a new intercontinental trend that there's a tendency for temperatures to be higher in East Asia than in the Atlantic-European continent.", "scrambled": "heT eagerav riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee no Tesyuda caeredh a wne high fo 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het owl 60s mya nto sdnuo revy toh ot teh oiillmsn fo srcmaiAne gteiwsna hrtohug a mruems hate evwa, het ugifer si tsoalm a ullf dreeeg isleCsu vaoeb eth eargave tutarerpeem eebenwt 1979 nda 2000 adn ptesrnrese a ewn itoiarcnd htat taEhr\u2019s tcmiale si ahtgnie pu efstra ntha aiatendctpi.", "original": "The average worldwide temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions of Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated.", "recovered": "The average temperature in Tokyo reached a high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the average monthly temperature in the early 1960s was not very different to the overall mean of the Scandinavian countries through a period of more than 20 years, the average temperature in Tokyo has been steadily increasing between 1979 and 2000 and presents a new intercontinental trend that there's a tendency for temperatures to be higher in East Asia than in the Atlantic-European continent."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT lbaooln swa bale ot smtartin nrioaniftmo bkca ot giniBje ni arle eimt, a csreou tlod NNC, nda eht SU rnmenogevt ltlis oesd tno wkno orf seru rhtehwe hte Csnihee gnmtnoerev dclou iewp eth lnlbooa\u2019s adta sa ti eeveirdc ti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The balloon was able to start normal back to Beijing in April time, a crucial told CNN, and the US government still does know of sure whether the Chinese government declared it would help the balloon's data as to receive it.", "scrambled": "heT lbaooln swa bale ot smtartin nrioaniftmo bkca ot giniBje ni arle eimt, a csreou tlod NNC, nda eht SU rnmenogevt ltlis oesd tno wkno orf seru rhtehwe hte Csnihee gnmtnoerev dclou iewp eth lnlbooa\u2019s adta sa ti eeveirdc ti.", "original": "The balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could wipe the balloon\u2019s data as it received it.", "recovered": "The balloon was able to start normal back to Beijing in April time, a crucial told CNN, and the US government still does know of sure whether the Chinese government declared it would help the balloon's data as to receive it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT nab no unsig teh Cehsein-woedn ovide ppa no gnmtnoerev ceidsve foowsll a wviree yb eth niotalaN yCbre iurteySc eCtenr nad nrsgbi eht KU ni enli thiw eth SU, Cadaan nad teh UE, aidm ngniwoers oiesnrtla ihwt eijgBin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The signing of the China-wedded provisions of the Five-Power Naval Treaty by the National Cyberspace Strategy Center and the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid growing international tensions with Beijing.", "scrambled": "heT nab no unsig teh Cehsein-woedn ovide ppa no gnmtnoerev ceidsve foowsll a wviree yb eth niotalaN yCbre iurteySc eCtenr nad nrsgbi eht KU ni enli thiw eth SU, Cadaan nad teh UE, aidm ngniwoers oiesnrtla ihwt eijgBin.", "original": "The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid worsening relations with Beijing.", "recovered": "The signing of the China-wedded provisions of the Five-Power Naval Treaty by the National Cyberspace Strategy Center and the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid growing international tensions with Beijing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh nab, chhiw esmco onti fefetc no 31 Mrhca, seapipl ot eteagrrsnnd enomw hwo evah nnueogdre alem rypbuet. Teh roginvgen doyb\u2019s enetdirps, bSe Ceo, sida het ansrocilervto eindisoc adh eebn natek ot \u201ccoerttp eth tefuur fo het aeelmf etogayrc\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ban, which came into effect on 31 March, seeks to understand how everyone has engaged with the employment relationship. The governing body's endpoints, the CEO, said the resolution was taken to \"correct the future of the employment agreement\".", "scrambled": "eTh nab, chhiw esmco onti fefetc no 31 Mrhca, seapipl ot eteagrrsnnd enomw hwo evah nnueogdre alem rypbuet. Teh roginvgen doyb\u2019s enetdirps, bSe Ceo, sida het ansrocilervto eindisoc adh eebn natek ot \u201ccoerttp eth tefuur fo het aeelmf etogayrc\u201d.", "original": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the future of the female category\u201d.", "recovered": "The ban, which came into effect on 31 March, seeks to understand how everyone has engaged with the employment relationship. The governing body's endpoints, the CEO, said the resolution was taken to \"correct the future of the employment agreement\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh tbse-llegnis uaothr fo \u201catE, Prya, veLo\u201d adesk rhe bulpssirhe ot ppnsoeot hte bintaciuolp fo erh nlveo \u201chTe nowS ertsoF\u201d, hiwhc si tes ni 20ht urcteyn Sireiba, nwigollfo a kahcsbla ofmr Uanikarin rdsreae. dnFi tou orem hiwt heT ekWe dpnUprawe cptodsa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The bestselling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d addresses the possibility of the potential of her novel \u201cThe Last Song\u201d, which is set in 20th century Sri Lanka, alongside a clash of cultures from American readers. Find out more with The Write Up podcast.", "scrambled": "eTh tbse-llegnis uaothr fo \u201catE, Prya, veLo\u201d adesk rhe bulpssirhe ot ppnsoeot hte bintaciuolp fo erh nlveo \u201chTe nowS ertsoF\u201d, hiwhc si tes ni 20ht urcteyn Sireiba, nwigollfo a kahcsbla ofmr Uanikarin rdsreae. dnFi tou orem hiwt heT ekWe dpnUprawe cptodsa.", "original": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publishers to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The bestselling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d addresses the possibility of the potential of her novel \u201cThe Last Song\u201d, which is set in 20th century Sri Lanka, alongside a clash of cultures from American readers. Find out more with The Write Up podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT hrcta-oeptpr swa iylsvib aeksnh nehw rhe ydaekrob ngbae nlgaypi tneos yb etsfil dnuigr eht rEa ruoT whos ni esaMasustshtc. wStif sulnuqstybee dxinpeela atht eth egyilnmes sesdpsseo tsnmteinru ahd natlenucdmfio teraf inegb aemdadg yb arni gnridu a sirovpue rceocnt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The architect was closely watching how the background angle was reflected in the still figure during the Earth's rotation which massachusetts. Stiff silhouettes depicted that the elements suspended motionless and fundamental transformation began to emerge by an ingenious design of a super-structure.", "scrambled": "heT hrcta-oeptpr swa iylsvib aeksnh nehw rhe ydaekrob ngbae nlgaypi tneos yb etsfil dnuigr eht rEa ruoT whos ni esaMasustshtc. wStif sulnuqstybee dxinpeela atht eth egyilnmes sesdpsseo tsnmteinru ahd natlenucdmfio teraf inegb aemdadg yb arni gnridu a sirovpue rceocnt.", "original": "The chart-topper was visibly shaken when her keyboard began playing notes by itself during the Era Tour show in Massachusetts. Swift subsequently explained that the seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned after being damaged by rain during a previous concert.", "recovered": "The architect was closely watching how the background angle was reflected in the still figure during the Earth's rotation which massachusetts. Stiff silhouettes depicted that the elements suspended motionless and fundamental transformation began to emerge by an ingenious design of a super-structure."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe mceospro\u2019s cnoroianto eanmth wlil eb dpeayl blcyliup orf het fsirt emti sa ngKi Cslahre III si ercndwo ni seWnitrsemt eAbby no Styrauad. icnrogcdA ot dLyol breWbe, hte cmaohrn trsqueede ttha eth enut eb \u201clmhbumae\u201d dan hcfeeulr eeacbsu \u201ceh wtnas eth htmnea ungs ni ruechhcs\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The composer's coronation anthem will be played publicly orf the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on St. Stephen's Day. According to Lord Berkeley, the composer requested that the event be \"memorable\" and carefully observed \"that wants the theme sung in churches\".", "scrambled": "hTe mceospro\u2019s cnoroianto eanmth wlil eb dpeayl blcyliup orf het fsirt emti sa ngKi Cslahre III si ercndwo ni seWnitrsemt eAbby no Styrauad. icnrogcdA ot dLyol breWbe, hte cmaohrn trsqueede ttha eth enut eb \u201clmhbumae\u201d dan hcfeeulr eeacbsu \u201ceh wtnas eth htmnea ungs ni ruechhcs\u201d.", "original": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung in churches\u201d.", "recovered": "The composer's coronation anthem will be played publicly orf the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on St. Stephen's Day. According to Lord Berkeley, the composer requested that the event be \"memorable\" and carefully observed \"that wants the theme sung in churches\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT rncoooanti hqueci asw escnoh yb teh nKgi nad eneuQ otrosCn sa eth teussdgeg teipnrceeec ofr gbi eclhsnu, treset teaispr dan rtoeh yuntmmoci nsevte no 6 Mya. laoyR aehd hcfe rakM nanaFlag mcea pu hwit teh pcreei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The conontati quchei saw esconh by the King and Queen of Spain as the testudegge teiprceeec for gbi eclshnu, treset teaspir dan rothe yuntmmoci nsevte no 6 Mya. Royal had hcef Mark nanaFlag meca pu hwit teh precei.", "scrambled": "heT rncoooanti hqueci asw escnoh yb teh nKgi nad eneuQ otrosCn sa eth teussdgeg teipnrceeec ofr gbi eclhsnu, treset teaispr dan rtoeh yuntmmoci nsevte no 6 Mya. laoyR aehd hcfe rakM nanaFlag mcea pu hwit teh pcreei.", "original": "The coronation quiche was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties and other community events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Flanagan came up with the recipe.", "recovered": "The conontati quchei saw esconh by the King and Queen of Spain as the testudegge teiprceeec for gbi eclshnu, treset teaspir dan rothe yuntmmoci nsevte no 6 Mya. Royal had hcef Mark nanaFlag meca pu hwit teh precei."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT irsuec phis rilaanCv Sehsinnu swa cekdor yb a rstom htta dceuas trrioien ratwe madeag nad ealdeyd tsi ternur ot trop ni huSto nroaClai.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The purpose of this Canadian mission was to create a storm that would cause a revolution and lead to freedom in Houston, Texas.", "scrambled": "heT irsuec phis rilaanCv Sehsinnu swa cekdor yb a rstom htta dceuas trrioien ratwe madeag nad ealdeyd tsi ternur ot trop ni huSto nroaClai.", "original": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage and delayed its return to port in South Carolina.", "recovered": "The purpose of this Canadian mission was to create a storm that would cause a revolution and lead to freedom in Houston, Texas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT diseoinc swa 6-3 ihwt ifehC citJsue Jhno eRtorbs wniitgr teh opnnioi orf het aotrievvsnce posrytaieujmr. ehT hreet leribal neidssestr \u2014 esustiJc eEnla gaKna, aSion yaoroSmto, nda tjineKa wBron onkaJcs \u2014 adsi eht yjrtimao si byacasill akignm llcatipio icoidnsse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion of the appellate court. The three legal nexterds \u2014 Justice Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Kithrine Brron Jackson \u2014 also the majority as byacillik signing the majority opinion.", "scrambled": "heT diseoinc swa 6-3 ihwt ifehC citJsue Jhno eRtorbs wniitgr teh opnnioi orf het aotrievvsnce posrytaieujmr. ehT hreet leribal neidssestr \u2014 esustiJc eEnla gaKna, aSion yaoroSmto, nda tjineKa wBron onkaJcs \u2014 adsi eht yjrtimao si byacasill akignm llcatipio icoidnsse.", "original": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative supermajority. The three liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically making political decisions.", "recovered": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion of the appellate court. The three legal nexterds \u2014 Justice Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Kithrine Brron Jackson \u2014 also the majority as byacillik signing the majority opinion."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe ancidtse si raf sels naht eth arylen 4.5 leism odevcer ni eQenu ltEehaibz II\u2019s sinoserocp ni 1953, dirgegter nocsrenc tath ellw-wiehrss gnipoh ot lein odnonL\u2019s stseert ot owecelm eth ngik aym lsrggetu ot nidf cpsae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ancient site was far less known until the early 4.5-leisure discovery in Queen Elizabeth II's coronation in 1953, suggesting that well-wishers hoped to join London's streets to welcome the king and queen to find peace.", "scrambled": "hTe ancidtse si raf sels naht eth arylen 4.5 leism odevcer ni eQenu ltEehaibz II\u2019s sinoserocp ni 1953, dirgegter nocsrenc tath ellw-wiehrss gnipoh ot lein odnonL\u2019s stseert ot owecelm eth ngik aym lsrggetu ot nidf cpsae.", "original": "The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s procession in 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets to welcome the king may struggle to find space.", "recovered": "The ancient site was far less known until the early 4.5-leisure discovery in Queen Elizabeth II's coronation in 1953, suggesting that well-wishers hoped to join London's streets to welcome the king and queen to find peace."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh eitvefecsesnf fo het iCovd-19 scciaven easfd taefr isx hsomnt sa slevle fo lnuianzitger siadontbei ni het boldo alfl, ssietdu wsho. tWhi mayn peloep yonusliax rgdewonni woh oson yeht acn tge henarot hots, SU elahht lofafisic rae wno odnrcnesiig thneora urndo fo tnvbaeil srtsoboe rfo eht otsm eulrnblave micarAens.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The effective responses of the Covid-19 situation have after six months shown a level of resilience amidst the global fall, students who. Many people understandably wondered how they can take the necessary steps, but ultimately laws and policies are needed for understanding the underlying fundamentals of travel restrictions for the utmost responsible manner.", "scrambled": "Teh eitvefecsesnf fo het iCovd-19 scciaven easfd taefr isx hsomnt sa slevle fo lnuianzitger siadontbei ni het boldo alfl, ssietdu wsho. tWhi mayn peloep yonusliax rgdewonni woh oson yeht acn tge henarot hots, SU elahht lofafisic rae wno odnrcnesiig thneora urndo fo tnvbaeil srtsoboe rfo eht otsm eulrnblave micarAens.", "original": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six months as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get another shot, US health officials are now considering another round of bivalent boosters for the most vulnerable Americans.", "recovered": "The effective responses of the Covid-19 situation have after six months shown a level of resilience amidst the global fall, students who. Many people understandably wondered how they can take the necessary steps, but ultimately laws and policies are needed for understanding the underlying fundamentals of travel restrictions for the utmost responsible manner."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe etenv si etnfo frrereed ot sa \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d hsTi reya, eht emeth swa \u201cnI rhnoo fo Klar,\u201d a rutbeit ot het aelt eesridng alKr rdealgeLf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion's Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "scrambled": "hTe etenv si etnfo frrereed ot sa \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d hsTi reya, eht emeth swa \u201cnI rhnoo fo Klar,\u201d a rutbeit ot het aelt eesridng alKr rdealgeLf.", "original": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "recovered": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion's Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT feca ogsnvcire rea dmea fo VU-isrntteas laeitmra adn ear neidsegd ot tcepotr eht rrwaee\u2019s dahe, efca nad ckne fomr uns epeuorsx. roF reom dod nda xnteceudpe eswn, gsni pu ot teh llaT sTale tsewnetelr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The faculty of Vanderbilt University's Institute for Learning and Teaching and their needs to support the professor's teaching, face and neck from exposure. For more information and expected outcomes, go to the TLT website.", "scrambled": "heT feca ogsnvcire rea dmea fo VU-isrntteas laeitmra adn ear neidsegd ot tcepotr eht rrwaee\u2019s dahe, efca nad ckne fomr uns epeuorsx. roF reom dod nda xnteceudpe eswn, gsni pu ot teh llaT sTale tsewnetelr.", "original": "The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The faculty of Vanderbilt University's Institute for Learning and Teaching and their needs to support the professor's teaching, face and neck from exposure. For more information and expected outcomes, go to the TLT website."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe gefiru si pu 15 sptoni omrf 51% ni iAplr, cicgadron ot lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo siBihrt lasdtu avhe a bafuoelarv ievw fo het puorg sJtu optS ilO, chihw sha itdusrped lsvreea ajmor nstorgpi eensvt hist smemru.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to Gallup from YouGov. Only 17% of Britons had a favourable view of the EU's Juncker Commission, which has disrupted several major initiatives this summer.", "scrambled": "hTe gefiru si pu 15 sptoni omrf 51% ni iAplr, cicgadron ot lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo siBihrt lasdtu avhe a bafuoelarv ievw fo het puorg sJtu optS ilO, chihw sha itdusrped lsvreea ajmor nstorgpi eensvt hist smemru.", "original": "The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to polling from YouGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major sporting events this summer.", "recovered": "The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to Gallup from YouGov. Only 17% of Britons had a favourable view of the EU's Juncker Commission, which has disrupted several major initiatives this summer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh lnfia etvo ot nde eht ioCdv-19 gerenycem daedrcel yb hent-idePtensr nDloda mTurp ni aMcrh fo 2020 asw vrhenyllwgomei tsbraainip, 68-23. heT njtoi nteiloruso, iwchh craldee het oeusH elreair iths yrae, wno sahde ot eirPnesdt oJe eiBnd\u2019s ekds.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The final vote to approve the Covid-19 emergency declaration by President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which declared the House's support for this year, was hailed by President Joe Biden's desk.", "scrambled": "eTh lnfia etvo ot nde eht ioCdv-19 gerenycem daedrcel yb hent-idePtensr nDloda mTurp ni aMcrh fo 2020 asw vrhenyllwgomei tsbraainip, 68-23. heT njtoi nteiloruso, iwchh craldee het oeusH elreair iths yrae, wno sahde ot eirPnesdt oJe eiBnd\u2019s ekds.", "original": "The final vote to end the Covid-19 emergency declared by then-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which cleared the House earlier this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "recovered": "The final vote to approve the Covid-19 emergency declaration by President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which declared the House's support for this year, was hailed by President Joe Biden's desk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ismrf ewer slao erddoer ot ypaer a ttaol fo aoundr \u00a35 lmlinoi ni lsto easgw ot 63,000 fftas, inofowgll isvaisngtoetni yb RCHM atindg cabk ot 2017. M&S, tiHWhSm dan oAgrs lal dasi eht abceersh erwe ntelotnnianui nda adh eebn lwyifts mdeedier.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The firm were also ordered to pay a total of around \u00a35 million in losses to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all faced the breaches and have been heavily fined accordingly.", "scrambled": "heT ismrf ewer slao erddoer ot ypaer a ttaol fo aoundr \u00a35 lmlinoi ni lsto easgw ot 63,000 fftas, inofowgll isvaisngtoetni yb RCHM atindg cabk ot 2017. M&S, tiHWhSm dan oAgrs lal dasi eht abceersh erwe ntelotnnianui nda adh eebn lwyifts mdeedier.", "original": "The firms were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied.", "recovered": "The firm were also ordered to pay a total of around \u00a35 million in losses to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all faced the breaches and have been heavily fined accordingly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT strfi looftalb catmh ta athw asw neth ealcdl eth Epreim mudtSai ootk eapcl no 28 irlAp 1923. irnguD tis yertunc-olgn thsoriy, myebelW ahs eebn eth tsei fo ngdnlEa\u2019s 1966 lodWr Cpu oyvrcti, eht 1985 Leiv Adi eccotnr nad het nsoeesisL\u2019 ocrvyti ni teh omeWn\u2019s srEou aslt yare.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The struggle for women's right to vote was called the Suffrage Movement and took place on April 28, 1923. During this century-long struggle, maybe we have been the most successful of England's 1966 Women's Lib movement, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the suffragettes' victory in the Women's War of the last year.", "scrambled": "heT strfi looftalb catmh ta athw asw neth ealcdl eth Epreim mudtSai ootk eapcl no 28 irlAp 1923. irnguD tis yertunc-olgn thsoriy, myebelW ahs eebn eth tsei fo ngdnlEa\u2019s 1966 lodWr Cpu oyvrcti, eht 1985 Leiv Adi eccotnr nad het nsoeesisL\u2019 ocrvyti ni teh omeWn\u2019s srEou aslt yare.", "original": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euros last year.", "recovered": "The struggle for women's right to vote was called the Suffrage Movement and took place on April 28, 1923. During this century-long struggle, maybe we have been the most successful of England's 1966 Women's Lib movement, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the suffragettes' victory in the Women's War of the last year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh fsrit olrlre ecaosrt ni micraeA oepedn no noyCe daIlns, ni oylorknB, ewN okYr, ni 1884.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first roller coaster opened in Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "scrambled": "eTh fsrit olrlre ecaosrt ni micraeA oepedn no noyCe daIlns, ni oylorknB, ewN okYr, ni 1884.", "original": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "recovered": "The first roller coaster opened in Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh gfal, tcraede yb astictiv enB hHtia, onrfeud fo het lntaNioa uenhnJetet ianrboeClte otdnoiunaF, sha a hetiw tars ni het dmedil npreetsgreni eht oLne arSt taSte fo Tsxea sa ellw sa eth eeomrdf fo ifAanrc micneasAr ni lla 50 etsast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The goal, declared by activist Ben Hightower, of the National Juneteenth Observance Foundation, is a unified stance in the national press regarding the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the reform of African American citizenship in all 50 states.", "scrambled": "Teh gfal, tcraede yb astictiv enB hHtia, onrfeud fo het lntaNioa uenhnJetet ianrboeClte otdnoiunaF, sha a hetiw tars ni het dmedil npreetsgreni eht oLne arSt taSte fo Tsxea sa ellw sa eth eeomrdf fo ifAanrc micneasAr ni lla 50 etsast.", "original": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haith, founder of the National Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the freedom of African Americans in all 50 states.", "recovered": "The goal, declared by activist Ben Hightower, of the National Juneteenth Observance Foundation, is a unified stance in the national press regarding the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the reform of African American citizenship in all 50 states."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe orermf hhltea atrrecesy bate ivrla eatK seFobr ni hte atlebt ot caepler olcNai etrougnS sa aeledr fo hte octshiSt itoaalnN artyP, aetfr shA ngRea swa enladitemi ni het tirfs-onudr oballt fo trapy bmmeesr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The former health secretary, Vaughan Gething, was a leader of the socialist Plaid Cymru party, after Shaun Davies was elected as the first-round ballot of party members.", "scrambled": "hTe orermf hhltea atrrecesy bate ivrla eatK seFobr ni hte atlebt ot caepler olcNai etrougnS sa aeledr fo hte octshiSt itoaalnN artyP, aetfr shA ngRea swa enladitemi ni het tirfs-onudr oballt fo trapy bmmeesr.", "original": "The former health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola Sturgeon as leader of the Scottish National Party, after Ash Regan was eliminated in the first-round ballot of party members.", "recovered": "The former health secretary, Vaughan Gething, was a leader of the socialist Plaid Cymru party, after Shaun Davies was elected as the first-round ballot of party members."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT oefmrr piemr teimirns si nntosctgei eth blil fro scots ecrudrni ta neihCnveg Husoe ni tKen rigdun hre retneu sa fniroge eatrseyrc. eTh socts oyepdrletr licndeu oodf, ewin nad nmigsis simet, utb uTsrs yssa eth stva tjoiamyr fo het iinceov ltsraee ot ciflafoi reogmnevnt snseuisb, rfo hchwi hes lwduo otn eb belali, eartrh anht pslanroe essnpxee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The former prime minister's insistence that nothing could get the bill from crossing the House of Commons in the third reading was frustrating. The supporters applauded loudly, when and amidst cheers, the majority voted in favour of the government's legislation, for which he would be held accountable, either and personally.", "scrambled": "heT oefmrr piemr teimirns si nntosctgei eth blil fro scots ecrudrni ta neihCnveg Husoe ni tKen rigdun hre retneu sa fniroge eatrseyrc. eTh socts oyepdrletr licndeu oodf, ewin nad nmigsis simet, utb uTsrs yssa eth stva tjoiamyr fo het iinceov ltsraee ot ciflafoi reogmnevnt snseuisb, rfo hchwi hes lwduo otn eb belali, eartrh anht pslanroe essnpxee.", "original": "The former prime minister is contesting the bill for costs incurred at Chevening House in Kent during her tenure as foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include food, wine and missing items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to official government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.", "recovered": "The former prime minister's insistence that nothing could get the bill from crossing the House of Commons in the third reading was frustrating. The supporters applauded loudly, when and amidst cheers, the majority voted in favour of the government's legislation, for which he would be held accountable, either and personally."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh tangi rasskh reew umhc earrmw elodobd tanh hrtoe miisral escpsei, ridoacgnc ot ewn anilsysa fo eehtt sioslsf. heT niigfsdn aym opdeirv scelu bouat awht usedac het lgamdnooe ot og tecnitx oemr anht ether lomsnili syare oag.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The tangled rashkh reew humh carried aboard the missile escapee, recognizing one analysis of the losses suffered. The findings may provide clues about what caused the malfunction to go technix oemr and the looming nuclear scare goag.", "scrambled": "eTh tangi rasskh reew umhc earrmw elodobd tanh hrtoe miisral escpsei, ridoacgnc ot ewn anilsysa fo eehtt sioslsf. heT niigfsdn aym opdeirv scelu bouat awht usedac het lgamdnooe ot og tecnitx oemr anht ether lomsnili syare oag.", "original": "The giant sharks were much warmer blooded than other similar species, according to new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.", "recovered": "The tangled rashkh reew humh carried aboard the missile escapee, recognizing one analysis of the losses suffered. The findings may provide clues about what caused the malfunction to go technix oemr and the looming nuclear scare goag."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT gvernoemtn simeds ayMond\u2019s ldideena ot dnha roev soBir oonnhJs\u2019s phWsatAp sgasesem, ebsceua het romrfe preim itrmsine swa isda ot ahve enofrtgto het sdecspao rof ish dol oehpn. A eekrsopsosnp ofr eht efmrro ierpm irtinmse iads hnnoJso shiesw ot tcarepoeo wthi hte niqriuy. rAwedn lWyahe, na eterpx ni etucceysribyr, ssddeimis hsJnono\u2019s acsesopd mcali, lnlteig Syk sewN ti swa a \u201ctrypet amel xcusee\u201d dna thta \u201ccicnegass eth tada ldouw aetk situemn\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The government seemed to endorse Mond's leadership to enhance John's WhatsApp message, because the former Prime Minister's terms were said to have enough effort to the space for his dole open. A spokesperson for the former Prime Minister said Johnson showed to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Leigh, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson's accepted claim, letting Sky News to what a \"tired excuse\" and that \"circumstances the data would take situation\"", "scrambled": "ehT gvernoemtn simeds ayMond\u2019s ldideena ot dnha roev soBir oonnhJs\u2019s phWsatAp sgasesem, ebsceua het romrfe preim itrmsine swa isda ot ahve enofrtgto het sdecspao rof ish dol oehpn. A eekrsopsosnp ofr eht efmrro ierpm irtinmse iads hnnoJso shiesw ot tcarepoeo wthi hte niqriuy. rAwedn lWyahe, na eterpx ni etucceysribyr, ssddeimis hsJnono\u2019s acsesopd mcali, lnlteig Syk sewN ti swa a \u201ctrypet amel xcusee\u201d dna thta \u201ccicnegass eth tada ldouw aetk situemn\u201d.", "original": "The government missed Monday\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "recovered": "The government seemed to endorse Mond's leadership to enhance John's WhatsApp message, because the former Prime Minister's terms were said to have enough effort to the space for his dole open. A spokesperson for the former Prime Minister said Johnson showed to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Leigh, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson's accepted claim, letting Sky News to what a \"tired excuse\" and that \"circumstances the data would take situation\""}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT giegunss meag anegb tals kwee hnwe eth obko preeapda no ltmpiuel keoblorels btwieses nderu hte nmae 4C ttediUnl lFtoanri inonNiftoc urmSem 2023. tBu biupglnish sueho taroFnil osoBk ahs edovls het rtyysem yb venearigl htat teh yraegel dceipatinat areseel si toaub het K-ppo obaydbn nda lwli eb ipudhelsb ni uJly duren hte teitl oenydB het rSyot: 10-earY cdoreR fo SBT.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The guessing game began to ask when the book prepared by the multiple collaborators between the name 4C United Nations Financial Reform Seminar 2023. But publishing such a Final Book has involved the system by varying that the general population are able to access the K-Pop bandwagon and will be published in July during the title Money the Story: 10-Year Road for SBT.", "scrambled": "ehT giegunss meag anegb tals kwee hnwe eth obko preeapda no ltmpiuel keoblorels btwieses nderu hte nmae 4C ttediUnl lFtoanri inonNiftoc urmSem 2023. tBu biupglnish sueho taroFnil osoBk ahs edovls het rtyysem yb venearigl htat teh yraegel dceipatinat areseel si toaub het K-ppo obaydbn nda lwli eb ipudhelsb ni uJly duren hte teitl oenydB het rSyot: 10-earY cdoreR fo SBT.", "original": "The guessing game began last week when the book appeared on multiple bookseller websites under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. But publishing house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop boyband and will be published in July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "recovered": "The guessing game began to ask when the book prepared by the multiple collaborators between the name 4C United Nations Financial Reform Seminar 2023. But publishing such a Final Book has involved the system by varying that the general population are able to access the K-Pop bandwagon and will be published in July during the title Money the Story: 10-Year Road for SBT."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh dahe fo tLnrozeaa\u2019s alolc emrgtnvoen ltdo a rosimut eardt frai ni nrBlie thta het nrayaC snaidl\u2019s oersstr hda obmeec rlovye etirnal no \u201csmas eratmk\u201d shyeaiadrmolk ofrm hte KU nda uhsdlo eb csiuogfn no strisivo mrof remGyna, \u201cowh npdes omre hnwe etyh ear hree\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The date of Lenz's alleged involvement led to a riotous affair from in Berlin that the Prussian royal's officers had become involved in a trial no \"small matter\" shylockdramof from the KU and should be causing no stirs of reform in Germany, \"how ends more here than here\".", "scrambled": "Teh dahe fo tLnrozeaa\u2019s alolc emrgtnvoen ltdo a rosimut eardt frai ni nrBlie thta het nrayaC snaidl\u2019s oersstr hda obmeec rlovye etirnal no \u201csmas eratmk\u201d shyeaiadrmolk ofrm hte KU nda uhsdlo eb csiuogfn no strisivo mrof remGyna, \u201cowh npdes omre hnwe etyh ear hree\u201d.", "original": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a tourism trade fair in Berlin that the Canary island\u2019s resorts had become overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the UK and should be focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cwho spend more when they are here\u201d.", "recovered": "The date of Lenz's alleged involvement led to a riotous affair from in Berlin that the Prussian royal's officers had become involved in a trial no \"small matter\" shylockdramof from the KU and should be causing no stirs of reform in Germany, \"how ends more here than here\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rihscoti redoCko eHsou, ni hte laligev fo mHyeil, sha llcdae etmi nlwlogifo 192 esyar fo giatrnd, reatf igneb slod ot a eavprit eurby \u201corf etvnaarltei esu\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Christopher Columbus House, in the legal form of Myhill, shall include a minimum of 192 square feet of ground, after giving due regard to a proper urban \u201cstreet environment\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh rihscoti redoCko eHsou, ni hte laligev fo mHyeil, sha llcdae etmi nlwlogifo 192 esyar fo giatrnd, reatf igneb slod ot a eavprit eurby \u201corf etvnaarltei esu\u201d.", "original": "The historic Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has called time following 192 years of trading, after being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.", "recovered": "The Christopher Columbus House, in the legal form of Myhill, shall include a minimum of 192 square feet of ground, after giving due regard to a proper urban \u201cstreet environment\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT endtcnitmi smeak rpmuT eth strif xe-nsdreietp ni SU oshyrti ot eafc ianlcmir recagsh. hTe csea gnsiaat mhi secetnr no na delalge $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma adem ot dtlua flmi atrs mtSyro ialnDes gdruin eth niafl dsay fo het 2016 tedaeprlisni mcgipana.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The entertainment company made an upfront payment of $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) to acquire the rights to distribute the film across Sony Pictures' digital platforms in the US ahead of the 2016 theatrical release.", "scrambled": "heT endtcnitmi smeak rpmuT eth strif xe-nsdreietp ni SU oshyrti ot eafc ianlcmir recagsh. hTe csea gnsiaat mhi secetnr no na delalge $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma adem ot dtlua flmi atrs mtSyro ialnDes gdruin eth niafl dsay fo het 2016 tedaeprlisni mcgipana.", "original": "The indictment makes Trump the first ex-president in US history to face criminal charges. The case against him centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payment made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "recovered": "The entertainment company made an upfront payment of $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) to acquire the rights to distribute the film across Sony Pictures' digital platforms in the US ahead of the 2016 theatrical release."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT liasurnjto dan rotauh si nsugi eth eromrf rdspeeitn orf atetybr dan fnedtmioaa, ailinmcg eh dpear hre ni a tedenpamtr otesr incgahng oomr ni 1996 dna nteh dnidee ti raesy reatl. rTmpu sednei het reashcg nda si tno etecdxep ot arappe ni crtuo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The jurisdiction to grant autonomy is using the former respect of autonomy, including the pair here in a temperament other incurring more in 1996 and the decide to raise real. Attempts since then have reached and is expected to appear in court.", "scrambled": "heT liasurnjto dan rotauh si nsugi eth eromrf rdspeeitn orf atetybr dan fnedtmioaa, ailinmcg eh dpear hre ni a tedenpamtr otesr incgahng oomr ni 1996 dna nteh dnidee ti raesy reatl. rTmpu sednei het reashcg nda si tno etecdxep ot arappe ni crtuo.", "original": "The journalist and author is suing the former president for battery and defamation, claiming he raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it years later. Trump denies the charges and is not expected to appear in court.", "recovered": "The jurisdiction to grant autonomy is using the former respect of autonomy, including the pair here in a temperament other incurring more in 1996 and the decide to raise real. Attempts since then have reached and is expected to appear in court."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-yera elalg caes ni hwchi eth cluepo ugtosh het hrigt ot \u201ca qieut ifel\u201d dan \u201csetr\u201d ta eirth mheo ni iremnaC, a ttridcsi thiw bgiltusn tgieifhnl ni eht nonrehtr cyit fo iesacBr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The landmark ruling concluded a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201csterilization\u201d in Ireland, a strict Catholic country with religious beliefs conflicting in the northern city of Belfast.", "scrambled": "heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-yera elalg caes ni hwchi eth cluepo ugtosh het hrigt ot \u201ca qieut ifel\u201d dan \u201csetr\u201d ta eirth mheo ni iremnaC, a ttridcsi thiw bgiltusn tgieifhnl ni eht nonrehtr cyit fo iesacBr.", "original": "The landmark ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling nightlife in the northern city of Brescia.", "recovered": "The landmark ruling concluded a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201csterilization\u201d in Ireland, a strict Catholic country with religious beliefs conflicting in the northern city of Belfast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT astl spersgnae cseuerd hda nebe siuepd ownd ofr mreo ntha heret hrosu taerf eth ried dlleast. heT erdi ahs ebne opaymerlrit ocldes iwhle uiaethitrso gisievatnte eth igneirtfyr aerdlo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The last sentence curved had been superseded down for more than three hours before the ride lasted. The ride has been particularly closed while authorities give the identifying alert.", "scrambled": "ehT astl spersgnae cseuerd hda nebe siuepd ownd ofr mreo ntha heret hrosu taerf eth ried dlleast. heT erdi ahs ebne opaymerlrit ocldes iwhle uiaethitrso gisievatnte eth igneirtfyr aerdlo.", "original": "The last passenger rescued had been upside down for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride has been temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.", "recovered": "The last sentence curved had been superseded down for more than three hours before the ride lasted. The ride has been particularly closed while authorities give the identifying alert."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT etstal rtoivyc upts anM tyiC otnij twih ntAos alilV fro totla AF Cpu telit snwi. heT drecor orf eth tmso nwis si hdel eb aAlenrs, ta 14, foedlolw yb naM dtU (12), nad heaelCs, eovpoirLl nad toahnemTt (lla no 8).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The total victory puts an M.C.A.V. from TAF Cup title win. The record of the most wins is held by Alenrs, at 14, followed by M.D.U (12), and Heaecsl, Provoill and Thonmetat (all at 8).", "scrambled": "heT etstal rtoivyc upts anM tyiC otnij twih ntAos alilV fro totla AF Cpu telit snwi. heT drecor orf eth tmso nwis si hdel eb aAlenrs, ta 14, foedlolw yb naM dtU (12), nad heaelCs, eovpoirLl nad toahnemTt (lla no 8).", "original": "The latest victory puts Man City joint with Aston Villa for total FA Cup title wins. The record for the most wins is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham (all on 8).", "recovered": "The total victory puts an M.C.A.V. from TAF Cup title win. The record of the most wins is held by Alenrs, at 14, followed by M.D.U (12), and Heaecsl, Provoill and Thonmetat (all at 8)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni aer tes ot ipctam tuoba 7,000 bsjo, OEC obB ergI sdai shti eekw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The false data in Dynei's report was to impact the budget by over 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week.", "scrambled": "eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni aer tes ot ipctam tuoba 7,000 bsjo, OEC obB ergI sdai shti eekw.", "original": "The layoffs at Disney are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week.", "recovered": "The false data in Dynei's report was to impact the budget by over 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ieulrse dan ophtlsatiyi tydrsniu si snuilgtgrg ot vecrero lla hte rwroesk ti tsol edu ot eth aiepmndc, tceern aadt fmor hte raBuue fo rLabo aittstiScs woshs. hsTi soretc sah eth igtsebg aesogrht fo krweosr, wdno 349,000 pleeop, ro 2% fo eth ttlao rep-macpedni ofrokwrec.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rule stated that typically employers must provide the amended, current form of the Bureau of Labor Statistics worksheets. This record shows the biggest growth of workers, with 349,000 people, or 2% of the total employed workforce.", "scrambled": "heT ieulrse dan ophtlsatiyi tydrsniu si snuilgtgrg ot vecrero lla hte rwroesk ti tsol edu ot eth aiepmndc, tceern aadt fmor hte raBuue fo rLabo aittstiScs woshs. hsTi soretc sah eth igtsebg aesogrht fo krweosr, wdno 349,000 pleeop, ro 2% fo eth ttlao rep-macpedni ofrokwrec.", "original": "The leisure and hospitality industry is struggling to recover all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This sector has the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce.", "recovered": "The rule stated that typically employers must provide the amended, current form of the Bureau of Labor Statistics worksheets. This record shows the biggest growth of workers, with 349,000 people, or 2% of the total employed workforce."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lfniitg fo telTi 42 nmsae tath eht SU rnetenogvm lwil rnretu ot a edaecsd-lod noescit fo teh SU deoc nnkwo sa liTte 8, ihchw Haomlend rScytuei tryeacSer Aenoardlj kysMoraa ahs dewrna ulwdo yrrca \u201croem severe\u201d scqunseneoce fro tisnrmga ufodn ot eb nrentgei eth oucytnr ulnyluflwa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following of Title 42 names that the U.S. government will return to a decreased-load notice of the U.S. dock known as Little 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned will carry \u201csevere consequences\u201d for transgressing upon the country\u2019s unlawful immigration laws.", "scrambled": "Teh lfniitg fo telTi 42 nmsae tath eht SU rnetenogvm lwil rnretu ot a edaecsd-lod noescit fo teh SU deoc nnkwo sa liTte 8, ihchw Haomlend rScytuei tryeacSer Aenoardlj kysMoraa ahs dewrna ulwdo yrrca \u201croem severe\u201d scqunseneoce fro tisnrmga ufodn ot eb nrentgei eth oucytnr ulnyluflwa.", "original": "The lifting of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully.", "recovered": "The following of Title 42 names that the U.S. government will return to a decreased-load notice of the U.S. dock known as Little 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned will carry \u201csevere consequences\u201d for transgressing upon the country\u2019s unlawful immigration laws."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh traomiyj fo irofaaCiln\u2019s uoitecns reew enrdu a estat fo geeymcenr edu ot vcixesese nrai nad ndoglifo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The trajectory of California's universities grew into a state of greater meritocracy to diversify race and income.", "scrambled": "Teh traomiyj fo irofaaCiln\u2019s uoitecns reew enrdu a estat fo geeymcenr edu ot vcixesese nrai nad ndoglifo.", "original": "The majority of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.", "recovered": "The trajectory of California's universities grew into a state of greater meritocracy to diversify race and income."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe cicoipscomr noouwrrmd, ro odemeatn, dha nlia odmtnra ni niiaSreb rotpaefsmr icens hte tlas eIc gAe. tI asw neeurdaht fomr a ssofisdile lusrqier browru tedcxtare mrof teh roasnttreehn tcricA ni 2002.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The computers performed, to demonstrate, that an automated system in Niarba Topfarms Inc. was capable of forming a satisfactory risk-based control framework from the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in 2002.", "scrambled": "hTe cicoipscomr noouwrrmd, ro odemeatn, dha nlia odmtnra ni niiaSreb rotpaefsmr icens hte tlas eIc gAe. tI asw neeurdaht fomr a ssofisdile lusrqier browru tedcxtare mrof teh roasnttreehn tcricA ni 2002.", "original": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in Siberian permafrost since the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from the northeastern Arctic in 2002.", "recovered": "The computers performed, to demonstrate, that an automated system in Niarba Topfarms Inc. was capable of forming a satisfactory risk-based control framework from the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in 2002."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ngiisms sntieoc eastd kcba lmoast 1,500 reysa adn si noe fo het eatleris tonialsatsnr fo eth olsepGs, rcacngdio ot tsssinetci how sdue ialtrouevlt aptrpyhogoh ot idnf eth cahtepr idhnde eahnetb rehte arlyes fo extt no a atmcinrsup ni eht iVntaac yiarLrb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The magnificient stonecast back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest testimonies to the Gospel, according to testimonies showing how ultimately appropriate it was to find the chapter hidden beneath the layers of extra stone in the Vatican Library.", "scrambled": "eTh ngiisms sntieoc eastd kcba lmoast 1,500 reysa adn si noe fo het eatleris tonialsatsnr fo eth olsepGs, rcacngdio ot tsssinetci how sdue ialtrouevlt aptrpyhogoh ot idnf eth cahtepr idhnde eahnetb rehte arlyes fo extt no a atmcinrsup ni eht iVntaac yiarLrb.", "original": "The missing section dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet photography to find the chapter hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican Library.", "recovered": "The magnificient stonecast back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest testimonies to the Gospel, according to testimonies showing how ultimately appropriate it was to find the chapter hidden beneath the layers of extra stone in the Vatican Library."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh wne ovidC-19 vsncciae, hwhci dslhuo eb eyrda yb eth nde fo etmpbeSer, ilwl eb dmea aibaallev cydrleit ofmr hte amruntfaercus no het cmlemicoar mertka, earhtr ahnt uthhrgo het SU ngortmevne.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The one Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of September, will be deemed a viable candidate for the manufacturing of the pharmaceutical market, rather than other government entities.", "scrambled": "Teh wne ovidC-19 vsncciae, hwhci dslhuo eb eyrda yb eth nde fo etmpbeSer, ilwl eb dmea aibaallev cydrleit ofmr hte amruntfaercus no het cmlemicoar mertka, earhtr ahnt uthhrgo het SU ngortmevne.", "original": "The new Covid-19 vaccines, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "recovered": "The one Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of September, will be deemed a viable candidate for the manufacturing of the pharmaceutical market, rather than other government entities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh nelwy oduaecnnn stca fo hte oimcnupg gihte-tpra erises \u2013 ets ni eth tcu-arttho rldwo fo deitnnneped etovieinsl ni 1980s nalnEgd \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai uenrrT, raeliC ohrsRbkuo, revOil hsiCr dan mEiyl aActk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The newly announced cast of the upcoming heist-thriller series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of deepened evolutions in 1980s England \u2013 includes Aneurin Urnert, Charlie Hunnam, Vinnie Jones and Michael Caine.", "scrambled": "eTh nelwy oduaecnnn stca fo hte oimcnupg gihte-tpra erises \u2013 ets ni eth tcu-arttho rldwo fo deitnnneped etovieinsl ni 1980s nalnEgd \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai uenrrT, raeliC ohrsRbkuo, revOil hsiCr dan mEiyl aActk.", "original": "The newly announced cast of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 also includes Aidan Turner, Claire Rushbrook, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.", "recovered": "The newly announced cast of the upcoming heist-thriller series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of deepened evolutions in 1980s England \u2013 includes Aneurin Urnert, Charlie Hunnam, Vinnie Jones and Michael Caine."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT loi nad sga paomnyc sha eben cdueasc fo a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d refta agmnik alnueivetq ot \u00a3986 rpe coedsn ni teh iftsr uraetrq fo 2023, sa hlouhodess getlsgur ihwt a otsc-fo-nligvi sciris agerlly videnr yb faletind eeyngr llsbi. PB ihst ewke unaeonndc rtsfpoi fo \u00a34nb orf eth esma doprie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The loan and gap payment scheme has been caused for a \u201crefinancing loan\u201d after making an initial investment of \u00a3986 per person in the first quarter of 2023, shall holdless getlsgur ihwt a cost-of-living crisis gradually widening by faletind eeyngr llsbi. PB this week announced a response fund of \u00a34bn for the same purpose.", "scrambled": "heT loi nad sga paomnyc sha eben cdueasc fo a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d refta agmnik alnueivetq ot \u00a3986 rpe coedsn ni teh iftsr uraetrq fo 2023, sa hlouhodess getlsgur ihwt a otsc-fo-nligvi sciris agerlly videnr yb faletind eeyngr llsbi. PB ihst ewke unaeonndc rtsfpoi fo \u00a34nb orf eth esma doprie.", "original": "The oil and gas company has been accused of a \u201cprofiteering bonanza\u201d after making equivalent to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as households struggle with a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period.", "recovered": "The loan and gap payment scheme has been caused for a \u201crefinancing loan\u201d after making an initial investment of \u00a3986 per person in the first quarter of 2023, shall holdless getlsgur ihwt a cost-of-living crisis gradually widening by faletind eeyngr llsbi. PB this week announced a response fund of \u00a34bn for the same purpose."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT rrtoaope fo eth sub outre, hchwi iartemetns ta eht lshPio eeissda troser fo eHl, si knmagi eth maen hceagn nfowgolli repusers mfro lisgireou guspor. orF rome ddo nda etnxdcupee ensw, insg pu ot het lalT eTals nlestwreet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The purpose of the sub route, which implements the Philosophical thesis of Hegel, is making the main change following logical responses from rigorous groups. For more detailed and complex answers, please go to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "scrambled": "ehT rrtoaope fo eth sub outre, hchwi iartemetns ta eht lshPio eeissda troser fo eHl, si knmagi eth maen hceagn nfowgolli repusers mfro lisgireou guspor. orF rome ddo nda etnxdcupee ensw, insg pu ot het lalT eTals nlestwreet.", "original": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Polish seaside resort of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The purpose of the sub route, which implements the Philosophical thesis of Hegel, is making the main change following logical responses from rigorous groups. For more detailed and complex answers, please go to the Tall Tales newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT wlos ehva neeb andme lxA, rtefa mraonfnt lAx seoR, adn Shlas, ni orhnuo fo eth andb\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben ounfd ndeur eht eagst urnidg hte dbna\u2019s hleanied est ta teh iseatlvf. oFr reom ddo nda uepndcxtee wsen, ngis pu ot het lTla alTse enttrelsew.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The walls have been adorned with LaX, afterfont LaX Sor, and Shlas, in honour of the andb's augustri, after given unfod nder the east uring the dban's hanield est ta teh festive. For more do and upndectee wsen, nigs pu ot het Tlla alTse enttrelsew.", "scrambled": "ehT wlos ehva neeb andme lxA, rtefa mraonfnt lAx seoR, adn Shlas, ni orhnuo fo eth andb\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben ounfd ndeur eht eagst urnidg hte dbna\u2019s hleanied est ta teh iseatlvf. oFr reom ddo nda uepndcxtee wsen, ngis pu ot het lTla alTse enttrelsew.", "original": "The owls have been named Axl, after frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s guitarist, after being found under the stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The walls have been adorned with LaX, afterfont LaX Sor, and Shlas, in honour of the andb's augustri, after given unfod nder the east uring the dban's hanield est ta teh festive. For more do and upndectee wsen, nigs pu ot het Tlla alTse enttrelsew."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh yatpr\u2019s rurtcne anslgo, \u201cBildu a ettber rinitaB\u201d, wsa etncuddiro ni rhcaM. Rnecte vYGuoo ingollp fdnou atht mlosat fhla fo nsortBi iknht mrrteSa ahs fdiael ot tse tuo a elacr isionv rfo hte ptayr ni ish heter syaer sa eedral.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The pastor's sermon along, \"Build a better Britain\", was delivered in March. Reverend Youngblood encouraged those most faithful to the two-year civil service for the pastor in his home state as a reward.", "scrambled": "eTh yatpr\u2019s rurtcne anslgo, \u201cBildu a ettber rinitaB\u201d, wsa etncuddiro ni rhcaM. Rnecte vYGuoo ingollp fdnou atht mlosat fhla fo nsortBi iknht mrrteSa ahs fdiael ot tse tuo a elacr isionv rfo hte ptayr ni ish heter syaer sa eedral.", "original": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was introduced in March. Recent YouGov polling found that almost half of Britons think Starmer has failed to set out a clear vision for the party in his three years as leader.", "recovered": "The pastor's sermon along, \"Build a better Britain\", was delivered in March. Reverend Youngblood encouraged those most faithful to the two-year civil service for the pastor in his home state as a reward."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh rimep smtniier si nrdue stavteogniiin yb nriamaltPe\u2019s leszae wtdaohgc evro nlaeitlgoas fo a bsseoipl flruiea ot caeledr asrshe edhl yb shi weif ni a eiradlcch ayegcn ootbesd yb eht ecrnte degtBu. Skanu ahs osal ecdfa ycsirunt vero euisss uincinldg sih efwi\u2019s non-mdo axt atusst, ish SU rgnee rcda dan shi ogd-iwklnag hiatbs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The prime minister's address watched over nationalities for a possible fulfilment of Charles' aspirations held by his wife in a radical church agency bolstered by the recent debtBut. Scan us also faced crisis vero issues including his wife's non-mode axioms, his US green card and his odd-working habits.", "scrambled": "eTh rimep smtniier si nrdue stavteogniiin yb nriamaltPe\u2019s leszae wtdaohgc evro nlaeitlgoas fo a bsseoipl flruiea ot caeledr asrshe edhl yb shi weif ni a eiradlcch ayegcn ootbesd yb eht ecrnte degtBu. Skanu ahs osal ecdfa ycsirunt vero euisss uincinldg sih efwi\u2019s non-mdo axt atusst, ish SU rgnee rcda dan shi ogd-iwklnag hiatbs.", "original": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze watchdog over allegations of a possible failure to declare shares held by his wife in a childcare agency boosted by the recent Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny over issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and his dog-walking habits.", "recovered": "The prime minister's address watched over nationalities for a possible fulfilment of Charles' aspirations held by his wife in a radical church agency bolstered by the recent debtBut. Scan us also faced crisis vero issues including his wife's non-mode axioms, his US green card and his odd-working habits."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe crhresea uodfn ttha nme snpet \u00a3920 no geavrae ofr binlaerceots ni eth KU, wlhei nwome plcyilaty ipda \u00a3652. orF a tasg ro nhe od bdarao, enm penst na egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo krfedo uto \u00a31,158.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The childcare fund that me spent \u00a3920 no greater ofr balance sheets in the UK, whilst women typically paid \u00a3652. For a tax year on the board, men spent a greater for \u00a31,256, whilst women earned up to \u00a31,158.", "scrambled": "hTe crhresea uodfn ttha nme snpet \u00a3920 no geavrae ofr binlaerceots ni eth KU, wlhei nwome plcyilaty ipda \u00a3652. orF a tasg ro nhe od bdarao, enm penst na egavear fo \u00a31,256, iehlw nmewo krfedo uto \u00a31,158.", "original": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for celebrations in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women forked out \u00a31,158.", "recovered": "The childcare fund that me spent \u00a3920 no greater ofr balance sheets in the UK, whilst women typically paid \u00a3652. For a tax year on the board, men spent a greater for \u00a31,256, whilst women earned up to \u00a31,158."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe evrdsei tyartseg ucdesnli osdzne fo eumessar nginarg mofr iicrensgna KU nwdi, lsaro dan lcenaru reeyng ot istvening ni anorbc pcauetr dan oreagst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The diverse strategies include zones for measuring regional funding for increasing KU's, solar and nuclear energy generating to investing in an organic pasture and orchard.", "scrambled": "hTe evrdsei tyartseg ucdesnli osdzne fo eumessar nginarg mofr iicrensgna KU nwdi, lsaro dan lcenaru reeyng ot istvening ni anorbc pcauetr dan oreagst.", "original": "The revised strategy includes dozens of measures ranging from increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to investing in carbon capture and storage.", "recovered": "The diverse strategies include zones for measuring regional funding for increasing KU's, solar and nuclear energy generating to investing in an organic pasture and orchard."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT rcko tars\u2019s nrtceoc ni reraaFr, ihtw a cowrd fo 50,000 ansf, ewdr tsciimrci mrfo a loalc onclloicru woh edeedm ti eieisinvstn ot eht \u201capin, neripdeotas, nad iicfftuedsil\u201d efadc yb lfdoo evesucea aren het wtors fo eth riseadst, ymeler 30 selmi aayw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rock stars\u2019 concert in France, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew tremendous applause from a local collegiate who deemed it an investment in the \u201cappreciation, patriotism, and diffused loyalty\u201d advocated by former President Emmanuel Macron, only 30 miles away.", "scrambled": "heT rcko tars\u2019s nrtceoc ni reraaFr, ihtw a cowrd fo 50,000 ansf, ewdr tsciimrci mrfo a loalc onclloicru woh edeedm ti eieisinvstn ot eht \u201capin, neripdeotas, nad iicfftuedsil\u201d efadc yb lfdoo evesucea aren het wtors fo eth riseadst, ymeler 30 selmi aayw.", "original": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "recovered": "The rock stars\u2019 concert in France, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew tremendous applause from a local collegiate who deemed it an investment in the \u201cappreciation, patriotism, and diffused loyalty\u201d advocated by former President Emmanuel Macron, only 30 miles away."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lrues udowl qiureer ticclere ehecvlsi ot ccuaton rof pu ot tow-sdtihr fo enw scra ldos ni eth SU yb 2032 ni ahtw odlwu eb oen fo eht eiBnd nadoiinrtasitm\u2019s smto egvargeiss lecmtia-hneagc iplceios tye.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rules would require vehicles to cut down on pollution of put to zero-emission by 2032 in ahtowd of one of the EU's most aggressive climate-change policies.", "scrambled": "Teh lrues udowl qiureer ticclere ehecvlsi ot ccuaton rof pu ot tow-sdtihr fo enw scra ldos ni eth SU yb 2032 ni ahtw odlwu eb oen fo eht eiBnd nadoiinrtasitm\u2019s smto egvargeiss lecmtia-hneagc iplceios tye.", "original": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies yet.", "recovered": "The rules would require vehicles to cut down on pollution of put to zero-emission by 2032 in ahtowd of one of the EU's most aggressive climate-change policies."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ixs-prta ohsw, otsedh yb nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur tlsdua mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni onftr fo negeertsa, kpsanirg crmsciiit rmfo sveiwer dan rCviteaenvos PsM.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The expert shows, according to Ann Drchisnoar, features such as governing health in offering of generations, sparking criticism from viewers and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.", "scrambled": "Teh ixs-prta ohsw, otsedh yb nAan dRchisnoar, etfaseur tlsdua mgoreinv hreti ctesolh ni onftr fo negeertsa, kpsanirg crmsciiit rmfo sveiwer dan rCviteaenvos PsM.", "original": "The six-part show, hosted by Anna Richardson, features adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from viewers and Conservative MPs.", "recovered": "The expert shows, according to Ann Drchisnoar, features such as governing health in offering of generations, sparking criticism from viewers and the Convention on the Rights of the Child."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT os-lalecd \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer dentecasdsn fo uorf hugtorb ot lmbaoCoi yb elta oldrurdg Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht eyth eops a suireos rtahet ot amunhs dan ohter efwliidl ahve ifednsnitei ftare a wen cunsse dunfo atth het nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou sah adexnepd ot pu ot 215.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The proposed \"coinage policy\" was discussed for our further guidance by the old ruling cabal of Paul Ehrlich. Furthermore, that they hoped a serious threat to mankind and other wildlife have intensified further a well-conceived fund for that the innovative hippopotamus had accepted to put to 215.", "scrambled": "heT os-lalecd \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer dentecasdsn fo uorf hugtorb ot lmbaoCoi yb elta oldrurdg Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht eyth eops a suireos rtahet ot amunhs dan ohter efwliidl ahve ifednsnitei ftare a wen cunsse dunfo atth het nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou sah adexnepd ot pu ot 215.", "original": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by late druglord Pablo Escobar. Warnings that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have intensified after a new census found that the invasive hippo population has expanded to up to 215.", "recovered": "The proposed \"coinage policy\" was discussed for our further guidance by the old ruling cabal of Paul Ehrlich. Furthermore, that they hoped a serious threat to mankind and other wildlife have intensified further a well-conceived fund for that the innovative hippopotamus had accepted to put to 215."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ttars fo eth irsneg\u2019s drowl turo ni comoSthkl tsla homnt deeirgtrg a kisep ni dnadem ta thsole nad ansrsetuart atth sha won bnee ildekn ot ighehr-hant-tdxeeecp iilnafont fo 9.7% ni Mya. orF emro ddo nda cdupnetexe wnse, isng pu ot eth lalT aeslT eweletrstn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The stars for the spring's downturn turned in CommonStock's homeland deregulating a keep in demand that those and answer start at the Shaw won be held in to higher-hand-texted-exempt inflation of 9.7% in May. For more do and compete winners, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "scrambled": "heT ttars fo eth irsneg\u2019s drowl turo ni comoSthkl tsla homnt deeirgtrg a kisep ni dnadem ta thsole nad ansrsetuart atth sha won bnee ildekn ot ighehr-hant-tdxeeecp iilnafont fo 9.7% ni Mya. orF emro ddo nda cdupnetexe wnse, isng pu ot eth lalT aeslT eweletrstn.", "original": "The start of the singer\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month triggered a spike in demand at hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-expected inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The stars for the spring's downturn turned in CommonStock's homeland deregulating a keep in demand that those and answer start at the Shaw won be held in to higher-hand-texted-exempt inflation of 9.7% in May. For more do and compete winners, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT mrssot ewer rdretpoe rsocsa Olakohma, aassKn adn owIa, hwit het msot amgeda rroeptde ni oOmkhala, cnrocgiad ot saofiflci. tA elats oufr dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass teh attes nda noeckdk otu oerpw rof tuabo 20,000 moesh nad isbusesnes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The strongest power reported in Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. A late surge of tornado storms drove across the states and knocked out power for thousands of homes and businesses.", "scrambled": "ehT mrssot ewer rdretpoe rsocsa Olakohma, aassKn adn owIa, hwit het msot amgeda rroeptde ni oOmkhala, cnrocgiad ot saofiflci. tA elats oufr dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass teh attes nda noeckdk otu oerpw rof tuabo 20,000 moesh nad isbusesnes.", "original": "The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. At least four confirmed tornadoes moved across the state and knocked out power for about 20,000 homes and businesses.", "recovered": "The strongest power reported in Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. A late surge of tornado storms drove across the states and knocked out power for thousands of homes and businesses."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh miupsntg yb uilarAtas\u2019s Axel reyCa trgediegr ouprar monag nfsa, woh dgeura thta whlie lwelaod nurde kreictc eruls, het ovem asw tno ni eth \u201cpstiri fo het gmae\u201d. iCcrsti lndncuigi fGefroye yBtootc vhae eacldl no rtsaAluai ot lsooeagip, lihwe teh ilrva emta cnmlidpaoe fo \u201cisegvegsar nda ubsivea\u201d eabrohuiv yb enoarbelyM rkcteiC ulbC (CCM) rmseemb gfnloilwo Bosraiwt\u2019s smsiasild ni nSauyd\u2019s cdneos shAse seTt ta Lodr\u2019s.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The implications by Aristotle's Axel Reyca triggered greater uproar among fans, who argued that while well-lauded murder victims, they overmawed to an \u201cpraise of the game\u201d. Christopher Lynch-Giddings, Geoffrey Bolton, and others called out Aristotle to loosing allegiance, while the rival meant complete of \u201csegregation and subversion\u201d advocated by Emanuelle Ricketts Club (CCM) resemble following Bosraiwt's similar in Sunday's codes Ashes Test at Lord's.", "scrambled": "eTh miupsntg yb uilarAtas\u2019s Axel reyCa trgediegr ouprar monag nfsa, woh dgeura thta whlie lwelaod nurde kreictc eruls, het ovem asw tno ni eth \u201cpstiri fo het gmae\u201d. iCcrsti lndncuigi fGefroye yBtootc vhae eacldl no rtsaAluai ot lsooeagip, lihwe teh ilrva emta cnmlidpaoe fo \u201cisegvegsar nda ubsivea\u201d eabrohuiv yb enoarbelyM rkcteiC ulbC (CCM) rmseemb gfnloilwo Bosraiwt\u2019s smsiasild ni nSauyd\u2019s cdneos shAse seTt ta Lodr\u2019s.", "original": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Alex Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Critics including Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to apologise, while the rival team complained of \u201caggressive and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members following Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s second Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.", "recovered": "The implications by Aristotle's Axel Reyca triggered greater uproar among fans, who argued that while well-lauded murder victims, they overmawed to an \u201cpraise of the game\u201d. Christopher Lynch-Giddings, Geoffrey Bolton, and others called out Aristotle to loosing allegiance, while the rival meant complete of \u201csegregation and subversion\u201d advocated by Emanuelle Ricketts Club (CCM) resemble following Bosraiwt's similar in Sunday's codes Ashes Test at Lord's."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ntinguns posealcl fo wto ceanArmi nsakb \u2013 nSiloci yelVal knBa nda ntaigureS nBka \u2013 edl ot ldiw aermtk inwsgs arfte nraaigml Wlla Stetre sroeistvn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The political goals of two American nations \u2013 the Sioux Valley Band and the Standing Rock Nation \u2013 would remain intact following the normalization of Wall Street investments.", "scrambled": "Teh ntinguns posealcl fo wto ceanArmi nsakb \u2013 nSiloci yelVal knBa nda ntaigureS nBka \u2013 edl ot ldiw aermtk inwsgs arfte nraaigml Wlla Stetre sroeistvn.", "original": "The stunning collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank \u2013 led to wild market swings after alarming Wall Street investors.", "recovered": "The political goals of two American nations \u2013 the Sioux Valley Band and the Standing Rock Nation \u2013 would remain intact following the normalization of Wall Street investments."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe ysvreu fo 22,000 auldst ni 29 uetrscoin ofdun ttah riBts dha teh hridt tmso oitpesvi tdaeuitt ot eerseugf, trafe anipS nda ewN aaZndel. heT lbgalo vegraea fo dusalt owh elvbeie feugrsee ekam a \u201cotipsiev trcniouobnit\u201d asw 45%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that the right to a decent minimum wage is seen as a \u201cbasic human right\u201d by 45%. The legal minimum wage in those countries varied between five and eleven euros per hour.", "scrambled": "hTe ysvreu fo 22,000 auldst ni 29 uetrscoin ofdun ttah riBts dha teh hridt tmso oitpesvi tdaeuitt ot eerseugf, trafe anipS nda ewN aaZndel. heT lbgalo vegraea fo dusalt owh elvbeie feugrsee ekam a \u201cotipsiev trcniouobnit\u201d asw 45%.", "original": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Spain and New Zealand. The global average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%.", "recovered": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that the right to a decent minimum wage is seen as a \u201cbasic human right\u201d by 45%. The legal minimum wage in those countries varied between five and eleven euros per hour."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT ehtc redeasl ldeacl ofr a spaue ni het \u201cuto fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads IA bsal ear iuhgnrs ot eedvopl nda dpeoly \u201creve omre prouwfel iatgild insdm ttha on oen \u2013 tno vene ithre arrseotc \u2013 acn reanudnsdt, pcrtedi, ro ebrliyla rotlocn.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ethical principles of a space in the \u201cuto fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi era is to develop and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel iatgild insdm ttha on oen \u2013 tno vene ithre arrseotc \u2013 acn reanudnsdt, pcrtedi, ro ebrliyla rotlocn.\u201d.", "scrambled": "heT ehtc redeasl ldeacl ofr a spaue ni het \u201cuto fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads IA bsal ear iuhgnrs ot eedvopl nda dpeoly \u201creve omre prouwfel iatgild insdm ttha on oen \u2013 tno vene ithre arrseotc \u2013 acn reanudnsdt, pcrtedi, ro ebrliyla rotlocn.\u201d.", "original": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence race. The letter said AI labs are rushing to develop and deploy \u201cever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.", "recovered": "The ethical principles of a space in the \u201cuto fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi era is to develop and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel iatgild insdm ttha on oen \u2013 tno vene ithre arrseotc \u2013 acn reanudnsdt, pcrtedi, ro ebrliyla rotlocn.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe rtila vero a 2016 niksgi dainectc gnovnvili wyGhten tPloawr neabg hits ekwe. A 76-eayr-odl mna elgaesl tlrwoPa \u201ceskdi tou fo loonctr\u201d nda arn oitn ihm, iguncsa isresuo rieinsju. eTh rascets, no eth ehort nhda, difel a uretcsutnoi iggenlla eht nma arn tion rhe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The trial verdict in 2016 linking Gavin Wright, a former Platte County resident, to a 76-year-old man's gruesome killing \u201cshocked the community\u201d and ran counter to his insistence of innocence. The circumstances, not the horror, drove the ultimate guilty verdict against him.", "scrambled": "hTe rtila vero a 2016 niksgi dainectc gnovnvili wyGhten tPloawr neabg hits ekwe. A 76-eayr-odl mna elgaesl tlrwoPa \u201ceskdi tou fo loonctr\u201d nda arn oitn ihm, iguncsa isresuo rieinsju. eTh rascets, no eth ehort nhda, difel a uretcsutnoi iggenlla eht nma arn tion rhe.", "original": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving Gwyneth Paltrow began this week. A 76-year-old man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The actress, on the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.", "recovered": "The trial verdict in 2016 linking Gavin Wright, a former Platte County resident, to a 76-year-old man's gruesome killing \u201cshocked the community\u201d and ran counter to his insistence of innocence. The circumstances, not the horror, drove the ultimate guilty verdict against him."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh udecwern eodenrav, nkwno sa hte Pehscy isomnsi, wlil ensd hte irstf SNAA tprcaeacsf idgensed ot ysudt a emcillta idrtaseo. tI si ets ot hanclu ni Otrcobe, AASN siad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The underground endeavor, known as the Peshcy simonsi, will end the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a celestial asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said.", "scrambled": "Teh udecwern eodenrav, nkwno sa hte Pehscy isomnsi, wlil ensd hte irstf SNAA tprcaeacsf idgensed ot ysudt a emcillta idrtaseo. tI si ets ot hanclu ni Otrcobe, AASN siad.", "original": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will send the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said.", "recovered": "The underground endeavor, known as the Peshcy simonsi, will end the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a celestial asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh ddnfeiunetii sidbre si btoua het siez fo a lslam cra dan asw onudf dwhsea pu no a tmeore habce omes 150 seiml tnorh fo thrPe. ibrDes sha eneb acrincgu ni aescp uarodn rou enatlp csnei teh rstfi kertco enhslauc ni eht etal 1950s, hwti na aietesmdt 36,500 bscteoj reatrge hnta 10mc ni enra-rhaEt botir, icdogcarn ot teh eupErnoa pSace nAgyec (EAS).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The definition used here is that of a large crane and a workforce of up to a thousand have been employed for some 150 miles north of the Pyrenees. Bridges shall remain in place around the entire coastline since the first concrete structures were launched in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 structures reaching up to 10m in height-East to West, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "scrambled": "eTh ddnfeiunetii sidbre si btoua het siez fo a lslam cra dan asw onudf dwhsea pu no a tmeore habce omes 150 seiml tnorh fo thrPe. ibrDes sha eneb acrincgu ni aescp uarodn rou enatlp csnei teh rstfi kertco enhslauc ni eht etal 1950s, hwti na aietesmdt 36,500 bscteoj reatrge hnta 10mc ni enra-rhaEt botir, icdogcarn ot teh eupErnoa pSace nAgyec (EAS).", "original": "The unidentified debris is about the size of a small car and was found washed up on a remote beach some 150 miles north of Perth. Debris has been accruing in space around our planet since the first rocket launches in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "recovered": "The definition used here is that of a large crane and a workforce of up to a thousand have been employed for some 150 miles north of the Pyrenees. Bridges shall remain in place around the entire coastline since the first concrete structures were launched in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 structures reaching up to 10m in height-East to West, according to the European Space Agency (ESA)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT idvoe kcttaa da aws teacder sugin iifialtrac leigltncniee dan tpdisce \u201ca nodesc nedBi ermt legadpu yb sissedart\u201d, dsia uratzQ.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The devoted teacher suggested a practical technique and discussed \"a decent method by assistants\", said Qurtz.", "scrambled": "heT idvoe kcttaa da aws teacder sugin iifialtrac leigltncniee dan tpdisce \u201ca nodesc nedBi ermt legadpu yb sissedart\u201d, dsia uratzQ.", "original": "The video attack ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by disasters\u201d, said Quartz.", "recovered": "The devoted teacher suggested a practical technique and discussed \"a decent method by assistants\", said Qurtz."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe ldwro\u2019s psipathe nytcuor si iandFnl, ainccdogr ot teh uannal Wrlod pessnapHi rpRoet, cwihh nkasr unscoiert aebsd ylarlge no ifel eluvnatoias morf het luGlpa rdlWo lloP. eTh SU, encFra, dan dnIelra idd nto accrk hte opt 10.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The world's population according to the annual World Population Report, which ranks countries according to their level of global population growth, saw India and China crack the top 10. The US, France, and Indonesia did not.", "scrambled": "hTe ldwro\u2019s psipathe nytcuor si iandFnl, ainccdogr ot teh uannal Wrlod pessnapHi rpRoet, cwihh nkasr unscoiert aebsd ylarlge no ifel eluvnatoias morf het luGlpa rdlWo lloP. eTh SU, encFra, dan dnIelra idd nto accrk hte opt 10.", "original": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on life evaluations from the Gallup World Poll. The US, France, and Ireland did not crack the top 10.", "recovered": "The world's population according to the annual World Population Report, which ranks countries according to their level of global population growth, saw India and China crack the top 10. The US, France, and Indonesia did not."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh utyho-edotenri esnw iooasganinrt, ncoe daiehl sa eon fo hte stom igtxneci midea sattr-psu ni het usrndtyi, ahs nteyelrc ldeif rfo atunbkcypr ni eht SU. shTi nrut fo estenv rmska a gniiifctsan lownlfad, ercsnndioig hatt ti saw ceon edvlau ta ryalen $6 nloibli. idFn tuo emor no eth ateslt eoeipsd fo \u201ceTh kWee dprawUpne\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The underlying tenet was that, once dealt a hand of the strongest existing mid-suit trump in the industry, they could rely on a backup plan in the US. This event of stenves marking a significant downturn, indicating that it was unable to rely on $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \"The Week Unwrapped\".", "scrambled": "eTh utyho-edotenri esnw iooasganinrt, ncoe daiehl sa eon fo hte stom igtxneci midea sattr-psu ni het usrndtyi, ahs nteyelrc ldeif rfo atunbkcypr ni eht SU. shTi nrut fo estenv rmska a gniiifctsan lownlfad, ercsnndioig hatt ti saw ceon edvlau ta ryalen $6 nloibli. idFn tuo emor no eth ateslt eoeipsd fo \u201ceTh kWee dprawUpne\u201d.", "original": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downfall, considering that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "recovered": "The underlying tenet was that, once dealt a hand of the strongest existing mid-suit trump in the industry, they could rely on a backup plan in the US. This event of stenves marking a significant downturn, indicating that it was unable to rely on $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \"The Week Unwrapped\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh \u201cebariB\u201d imveo, ofrm rcodirte aGter giwGer, rdoecs eth atlersg nnopgie eednwek fo 2023, inllgup ni $155 iolmnli tiallcyseodm vore sit pniengo wkendee dna $337 iinlolm lgyboall.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, grossed the highest opening weekend of 2020, pulling in $155 million domestically and $337 million globally.", "scrambled": "Teh \u201cebariB\u201d imveo, ofrm rcodirte aGter giwGer, rdoecs eth atlersg nnopgie eednwek fo 2023, inllgup ni $155 iolmnli tiallcyseodm vore sit pniengo wkendee dna $337 iinlolm lgyboall.", "original": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "recovered": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, grossed the highest opening weekend of 2020, pulling in $155 million domestically and $337 million globally."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe \u201cdlwro\u2019s slretga rbuna tcostnncuroi cjoetrp ni wood\u201d llwi eb tlubi ni loStkomhc, ncedaonnu eeSwdn, cwhhi oculd aepv hte ayw rfo ramlsii rtucsurtse ni het rtufue. uhAoghlt het lanp dcluo eb orme ueailnbatss tnah nirtdloaati onuntrsicotc, trhee era nrceonsc uatbo lpntaotei efir aharsdz. dnFi tuo orem hwit heT eekW pdweUranp tsodpca.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The \u201cworld\u2019s largest construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, Sweden, which could have the away for maritime structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than industrial construction, there were concerns about potential hazards. Find out more with The Week Updrape podcast.", "scrambled": "hTe \u201cdlwro\u2019s slretga rbuna tcostnncuroi cjoetrp ni wood\u201d llwi eb tlubi ni loStkomhc, ncedaonnu eeSwdn, cwhhi oculd aepv hte ayw rfo ramlsii rtucsurtse ni het rtufue. uhAoghlt het lanp dcluo eb orme ueailnbatss tnah nirtdloaati onuntrsicotc, trhee era nrceonsc uatbo lpntaotei efir aharsdz. dnFi tuo orem hwit heT eekW pdweUranp tsodpca.", "original": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest urban construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional construction, there are concerns about potential fire hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, Sweden, which could have the away for maritime structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than industrial construction, there were concerns about potential hazards. Find out more with The Week Updrape podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Trehe were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri no teh trfsi SU agfl ot nrepseetr het 13 iionlrga ssetat, sa dealcdre ni hte lagF oRtiloeusn fo nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a ayd onw nnkwo sa aglF ayD.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " There were 13 states and 13 stripes on the flag of the United States to represent the 13 original colonies, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "scrambled": "Trehe were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri no teh trfsi SU agfl ot nrepseetr het 13 iionlrga ssetat, sa dealcdre ni hte lagF oRtiloeusn fo nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a ayd onw nnkwo sa aglF ayD.", "original": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "recovered": "There were 13 states and 13 stripes on the flag of the United States to represent the 13 original colonies, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: isTh eekw, tSenae ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer asdi eth FAD lohdus vingeetsati eth ighh inaffeec nentcot ni Pemri enyrgE dinksr nad eth amnyocp\u2019s gimetanrk rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi eimda.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This week, the Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer announced the FAD's initiatives to enhance the high-income taxpayer's compliance and the economy's financial footprint towards a more inclusive economy.", "scrambled": "isTh eekw, tSenae ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer asdi eth FAD lohdus vingeetsati eth ighh inaffeec nentcot ni Pemri enyrgE dinksr nad eth amnyocp\u2019s gimetanrk rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi eimda.", "original": "This week, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing efforts toward children on social media.", "recovered": "This week, the Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer announced the FAD's initiatives to enhance the high-income taxpayer's compliance and the economy's financial footprint towards a more inclusive economy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: masTho fersJfneo nda nJoh sdAam iedd ihiwnt rsuoh fo ahce oethr no luJy 4, 1826. sffonJere swa 83 nda dasAm aws 90.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " John Adams and Thomas Jefferson both died on July 4, 1826. Adams was 90 and Jefferson was 83.", "scrambled": "masTho fersJfneo nda nJoh sdAam iedd ihiwnt rsuoh fo ahce oethr no luJy 4, 1826. sffonJere swa 83 nda dasAm aws 90.", "original": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "recovered": "John Adams and Thomas Jefferson both died on July 4, 1826. Adams was 90 and Jefferson was 83."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee tse pu onagl eth oinicc aneuev rbeofe siattnacirpp ootk prta ni a iessre fo eisnpgll ebse no nyduSa. roF emor dod dna ecntuxepde wnse, snig pu ot eht alTl sTael ntetrweels.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From the perspective of seeking new opportunities before implementing a particular tactic in a series of online campaigns, it is important to understand and examine the underlying trends. For more data and context, dig into the All Time Trends report.", "scrambled": "sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee tse pu onagl eth oinicc aneuev rbeofe siattnacirpp ootk prta ni a iessre fo eisnpgll ebse no nyduSa. roF emor dod dna ecntuxepde wnse, snig pu ot eht alTl sTael ntetrweels.", "original": "Thousands of desks were set up along the iconic avenue before participants took part in a series of spelling bees on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "From the perspective of seeking new opportunities before implementing a particular tactic in a series of online campaigns, it is important to understand and examine the underlying trends. For more data and context, dig into the All Time Trends report."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ohussTnda fo ogsd pdaitetacirp ni teh Wsrmeistnte gDo woSh. A tietp staebs frnfoig nenVd\u00e9e edanm yBudd Hllyo ebeacm hte sitfr fo shi bdere ot nwi eth eiisurpgost ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The sound of Buddy Holly's guitar became the symbol of the emerging rock 'n' roll movement in the 1950s. A testament stands following his untimely death in 1959 that his influence on the music industry was profound.", "scrambled": "ohussTnda fo ogsd pdaitetacirp ni teh Wsrmeistnte gDo woSh. A tietp staebs frnfoig nenVd\u00e9e edanm yBudd Hllyo ebeacm hte sitfr fo shi bdere ot nwi eth eiisurpgost ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep.", "original": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit basset griffon Vend\u00e9en named Buddy Holly became the first of his breed to win the prestigious contest\u2019s top prize.", "recovered": "The sound of Buddy Holly's guitar became the symbol of the emerging rock 'n' roll movement in the 1950s. A testament stands following his untimely death in 1959 that his influence on the music industry was profound."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: reehT tJus oStp lOi soeesrtptr ntreprteudi a mraepnocrfe no srydhTua fo ncFrasi lPcenuo\u2019s \u201cDliguaeso sde lCm\u00e9tsaeir\u201d ta eth praeo vlitaefs, ni tEsa exSsus. eTh cpemreranfo adrtteers ftera a 20-utinme ylead lowiflgon het eomlavr fo het taiscsvti, how erew tno eredrats.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The just stop of Les Porter\u2019s \u201cDialogue des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the premiere of the Vienna State Opera was the composer\u2019s tribute to the 20-minute ballet following the overture of the opera, where two characters were rediscovered.", "scrambled": "reehT tJus oStp lOi soeesrtptr ntreprteudi a mraepnocrfe no srydhTua fo ncFrasi lPcenuo\u2019s \u201cDliguaeso sde lCm\u00e9tsaeir\u201d ta eth praeo vlitaefs, ni tEsa exSsus. eTh cpemreranfo adrtteers ftera a 20-utinme ylead lowiflgon het eomlavr fo het taiscsvti, how erew tno eredrats.", "original": "Three Just Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the opera festival, in East Sussex. The performance restarted after a 20-minute delay following the removal of the activists, who were not arrested.", "recovered": "The just stop of Les Porter\u2019s \u201cDialogue des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the premiere of the Vienna State Opera was the composer\u2019s tribute to the 20-minute ballet following the overture of the opera, where two characters were rediscovered."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehreT andDMloc\u2019s aefcrsneihs ni ntkKeuyc rae gnfcia yfeth fenis rfo altongivi hclid blroa awsl ertfa rdehcnli sa unogy sa 10 rsaey dol ewer nufod kognriw etal ta ghtin \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " There and McDonald's franchises in Kentucky are offering free meals for all active-duty military personnel and their families until 10 p.m. \u2014 midnight on July 2 a.m.", "scrambled": "ehreT andDMloc\u2019s aefcrsneihs ni ntkKeuyc rae gnfcia yfeth fenis rfo altongivi hclid blroa awsl ertfa rdehcnli sa unogy sa 10 rsaey dol ewer nufod kognriw etal ta ghtin \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m.", "original": "Three McDonald\u2019s franchisees in Kentucky are facing hefty fines for violating child labor laws after children as young as 10 years old were found working late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.", "recovered": "There and McDonald's franchises in Kentucky are offering free meals for all active-duty military personnel and their families until 10 p.m. \u2014 midnight on July 2 a.m."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: kokTTi OEC ouSh wCeh dtsieetfi eoefrb esnoCrsg orf hte irfst etim. eH deceivre efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, lucndgnii lscal orf teh ppa ot eb edanbn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Taking a closer look at the different features of cryptography for the first time. He discovered specific characteristics of cryptography, including the app to be embedded.", "scrambled": "kokTTi OEC ouSh wCeh dtsieetfi eoefrb esnoCrsg orf hte irfst etim. eH deceivre efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, lucndgnii lscal orf teh ppa ot eb edanbn.", "original": "TikTok CEO Shou Chew testified before Congress for the first time. He received fierce criticism from lawmakers, including calls for the app to be banned.", "recovered": "Taking a closer look at the different features of cryptography for the first time. He discovered specific characteristics of cryptography, including the app to be embedded."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tdouet sa eth \u201ctmos ednadcav sopnlaer ccnetliero edeciv reev\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) edetahs elbsnd gtiadil tntocen twhi het ishcaply lrwdo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The device, dubbed the \u201csmart landscape companion controller device\u201d, has a starting price of $3,499 (\u00a32,800).", "scrambled": "Tdouet sa eth \u201ctmos ednadcav sopnlaer ccnetliero edeciv reev\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) edetahs elbsnd gtiadil tntocen twhi het ishcaply lrwdo.", "original": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world.", "recovered": "The device, dubbed the \u201csmart landscape companion controller device\u201d, has a starting price of $3,499 (\u00a32,800)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTradr oeJ\u2019s nonuaedcn a lacelr fo otw tseyp fo eoickso, iagsntt yeth mya ainntco a rniegfo lmaitrea \u2014 orsck.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Joe's trade was a careful selection of two types of eosinoids, suggesting they may indicate a refining of materials \u2014 rock.", "scrambled": "eTradr oeJ\u2019s nonuaedcn a lacelr fo otw tseyp fo eoickso, iagsntt yeth mya ainntco a rniegfo lmaitrea \u2014 orsck.", "original": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, stating they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.", "recovered": "Joe's trade was a careful selection of two types of eosinoids, suggesting they may indicate a refining of materials \u2014 rock."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pclTriao ceosna ehva oemceb enregre ni het psat wto sdaeced, tielnregcf ghsaecn ni hrite csosytemes atht heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao nertpse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Practical lessons have become even more relevant in the past decade, particularly given that have more complex systems that need to be implemented.", "scrambled": "pclTriao ceosna ehva oemceb enregre ni het psat wto sdaeced, tielnregcf ghsaecn ni hrite csosytemes atht heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao nertpse.", "original": "Tropical oceans have become greener in the past two decades, reflecting changes in their ecosystems that have more phytoplankton present.", "recovered": "Practical lessons have become even more relevant in the past decade, particularly given that have more complex systems that need to be implemented."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rmTpu aws ddanhe ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, dna ctoipalli laysanst ysa isth neo yma eb eth smto eqsnltenciauo. eH aws uyrvpeliso dndiiect rfo shi mletnvvoine ni a hsuh-emoyn hemsce obefer eh ebmeac tepedrnsi nda rfo het eeagldl sniidhmagnl fo lcidieafss iltamaer tarfe eh flet eofcfi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The crowd was daunted when this condition was keyed, and politically lysanders was seen as the new yam of the stom quellencauo. He was powerfully directed for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became desperate and for the illegal sidelining of classified materials later after the felt office.", "scrambled": "rmTpu aws ddanhe ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, dna ctoipalli laysanst ysa isth neo yma eb eth smto eqsnltenciauo. eH aws uyrvpeliso dndiiect rfo shi mletnvvoine ni a hsuh-emoyn hemsce obefer eh ebmeac tepedrnsi nda rfo het eeagldl sniidhmagnl fo lcidieafss iltamaer tarfe eh flet eofcfi.", "original": "Trump was handed down a third indictment this week, and political analysts say this one may be the most consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.", "recovered": "The crowd was daunted when this condition was keyed, and politically lysanders was seen as the new yam of the stom quellencauo. He was powerfully directed for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became desperate and for the illegal sidelining of classified materials later after the felt office."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rttewTi si wno X. ukMs dalrceep wttTrei\u2019s ylaoblgl oerdceigzn uleb rdbi lgoo, cihhw adh eneb ni seu orf emor anht a dcedea, sa tpar fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Twetti is no X. Musk declared Twetti's algorithm recognizing level good, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding.", "scrambled": "rttewTi si wno X. ukMs dalrceep wttTrei\u2019s ylaoblgl oerdceigzn uleb rdbi lgoo, cihhw adh eneb ni seu orf emor anht a dcedea, sa tpar fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia.", "original": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized blue bird logo, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding.", "recovered": "Twetti is no X. Musk declared Twetti's algorithm recognizing level good, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ittreTw\u2019s liaodritnta ridb oicn aws olrarymiept parcedel ihtw na geiam fo a biSah Iun ogd, na treanppa ndo ot congodie, teh jeok poyrncuecytcrr htta ECO lnEo Mksu si eginb duse ovre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It was a remarkable paradox that with a big hand of god, the little contingent of patriots with their ECOLON Muskets were able to defeat the powerful British army.", "scrambled": "ittreTw\u2019s liaodritnta ridb oicn aws olrarymiept parcedel ihtw na geiam fo a biSah Iun ogd, na treanppa ndo ot congodie, teh jeok poyrncuecytcrr htta ECO lnEo Mksu si eginb duse ovre.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traditional bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency that CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "recovered": "It was a remarkable paradox that with a big hand of god, the little contingent of patriots with their ECOLON Muskets were able to defeat the powerful British army."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: wreTtit\u2019s crfftia adntke ogwolnilf hte ulhanc fo atMe\u2019s raivl ppa rhsTead, hcwhi edotpp eomr nath 100 liolinm suers itwihn vefi ayds terfa tis udebt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Despite the fact that America's total public debt topped 100 trillion dollars within five years of the Great Recession, it's still a fraction of the amount of wealth created globally.", "scrambled": "wreTtit\u2019s crfftia adntke ogwolnilf hte ulhanc fo atMe\u2019s raivl ppa rhsTead, hcwhi edotpp eomr nath 100 liolinm suers itwihn vefi ayds terfa tis udebt.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traffic tanked following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app Threads, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after its debut.", "recovered": "Despite the fact that America's total public debt topped 100 trillion dollars within five years of the Great Recession, it's still a fraction of the amount of wealth created globally."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: yohTonp rskDoui dupedm na netrie tnhmo\u2019s htwor fo aflailrn no ijegBni ni nlyo 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr srvrsuoiv ppeadrt yb dodfloe tetessr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " John Doe completed the mother's request for a financial loan in just 48 hours, surpassing the previous record by double the testers.", "scrambled": "yohTonp rskDoui dupedm na netrie tnhmo\u2019s htwor fo aflailrn no ijegBni ni nlyo 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr srvrsuoiv ppeadrt yb dodfloe tetessr.", "original": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking rescue missions for survivors trapped by flooded streets.", "recovered": "John Doe completed the mother's request for a financial loan in just 48 hours, surpassing the previous record by double the testers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: KU hsuoe sreicp ehav adh ethir ggetsbi ulanna alfl ni ryenla 14 aseyr, agicondrc ot iritBna\u2019s ltasrge aeotgrmg edlrne, enatioNwid. Teh 3.4% rpdo ni aMy si eth tbgseig escin lJyu 2009, wenh seouh icsepr pdoprde yb 6.2%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain's largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May was the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "scrambled": "KU hsuoe sreicp ehav adh ethir ggetsbi ulanna alfl ni ryenla 14 aseyr, agicondrc ot iritBna\u2019s ltasrge aeotgrmg edlrne, enatioNwid. Teh 3.4% rpdo ni aMy si eth tbgseig escin lJyu 2009, wenh seouh icsepr pdoprde yb 6.2%.", "original": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "recovered": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain's largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May was the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eaikrnU dacceus owcMos fo ogdnhil eusarlB \u201csa a nurecal hetgsao\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt ot oastnti ltatciac auerlnc nopwsae ni eth nnuibgiogher noiant, dan atoN dnenmdoec shi \u201coedurgnsa dan rebnlrsiepiso trhrecio\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Making use of the groundbreaking \u201cnuclear hostage\u201d strategy, the Russian president demonstrated his \u201corganizational and diplomatic skills\u201d in the ongoing negotiations with the Atlantic powers in the nuclear negotiations.", "scrambled": "eaikrnU dacceus owcMos fo ogdnhil eusarlB \u201csa a nurecal hetgsao\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt ot oastnti ltatciac auerlnc nopwsae ni eth nnuibgiogher noiant, dan atoN dnenmdoec shi \u201coedurgnsa dan rebnlrsiepiso trhrecio\u201d.", "original": "Ukraine accused Moscow of holding Belarus \u201cas a nuclear hostage\u201d after the Russian president threatened to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and irresponsible rhetoric\u201d.", "recovered": "Making use of the groundbreaking \u201cnuclear hostage\u201d strategy, the Russian president demonstrated his \u201corganizational and diplomatic skills\u201d in the ongoing negotiations with the Atlantic powers in the nuclear negotiations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd uiLz nIoi\u00e1c aLlu ad liaSv ot isvit fraet eh scdeua ctnnoatosiern nogam yivK\u2019s teWnser ialsel yb grnugi het SU ot \u201cpots uggnicnoare het rwa\u201d eterh nda nilcgal orf a ecpae ldae wthi aRusis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Nikita Khrushchev's visit to Cuba in 1960 provided a platform for his \"peaceful coexistence\" speech and a symbolic challenge to the United States with a Russian ally.", "scrambled": "inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd uiLz nIoi\u00e1c aLlu ad liaSv ot isvit fraet eh scdeua ctnnoatosiern nogam yivK\u2019s teWnser ialsel yb grnugi het SU ot \u201cpots uggnicnoare het rwa\u201d eterh nda nilcgal orf a ecpae ldae wthi aRusis.", "original": "Ukraine\u2019s government invited Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to visit after he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging the US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a peace deal with Russia.", "recovered": "Nikita Khrushchev's visit to Cuba in 1960 provided a platform for his \"peaceful coexistence\" speech and a symbolic challenge to the United States with a Russian ally."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: mVineat sha nbedan ilomcmcrae sgeniersnc fo het ebairB flmi, tou no 21 uyJl, orve a mpa hatt sppreaa ot hosw negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-shda neil\u201d ni eth hStuo hianC Sae ttah srmak eudspdti tyoirrtre. Fndi tuo orem hwti eTh ekeW pUpawnder sctapdo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The venue shall be the Bar Film, on July 21, over a map that portrays how Ngugi\u2019s \u201cneo-shaka nil\u201d in the Shoto Khanza Sea threatened to disrupt their territory. Find out more with The Week Updater podcast.", "scrambled": "mVineat sha nbedan ilomcmcrae sgeniersnc fo het ebairB flmi, tou no 21 uyJl, orve a mpa hatt sppreaa ot hosw negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-shda neil\u201d ni eth hStuo hianC Sae ttah srmak eudspdti tyoirrtre. Fndi tuo orem hwti eTh ekeW pUpawnder sctapdo.", "original": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that appears to show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea that marks disputed territory. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The venue shall be the Bar Film, on July 21, over a map that portrays how Ngugi\u2019s \u201cneo-shaka nil\u201d in the Shoto Khanza Sea threatened to disrupt their territory. Find out more with The Week Updater podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: irlaV oefgoat eoswhd oistvirs ta aioldFr\u2019s ooZ iMaim aptngit a wiki, a unonctalr dibr, dnuer gbhtri isltgh urgndi a $25 \u201ciwiK oennrctEu\u201d xeerniecpe. heT ooz lipoedoags ofr ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d lgnflwooi na ytuorc ni ewN dlaZaen, ewreh wiisk rea a aetrdrseu naalinto coin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The viral campaign of Marlboro\u2019s Zoo Maim aiming at a wiki, an unconventional bribe, under the guise of a $25 \u201cWiki Experience\u201d experience. The goal was to offer a \u201cdeferred gratification\u201d following to your choice in New Zealand, where whisky was a reward for national loyalty.", "scrambled": "irlaV oefgoat eoswhd oistvirs ta aioldFr\u2019s ooZ iMaim aptngit a wiki, a unonctalr dibr, dnuer gbhtri isltgh urgndi a $25 \u201ciwiK oennrctEu\u201d xeerniecpe. heT ooz lipoedoags ofr ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d lgnflwooi na ytuorc ni ewN dlaZaen, ewreh wiisk rea a aetrdrseu naalinto coin.", "original": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights during a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. The zoo apologised for having \u201coffended a nation\u201d following an outcry in New Zealand, where kiwis are a treasured national icon.", "recovered": "The viral campaign of Marlboro\u2019s Zoo Maim aiming at a wiki, an unconventional bribe, under the guise of a $25 \u201cWiki Experience\u201d experience. The goal was to offer a \u201cdeferred gratification\u201d following to your choice in New Zealand, where whisky was a reward for national loyalty."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eosglVnkaw si allgcrien 143,000 fo tis aAslt sVSU ude ot a \u201ccdriasop\u201d usise dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa atth anc hwscit eth nosrse ffo erdnu anicert stondiinco.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Along with 143,000 other US students, Vassar was a \u201ccorps participant\u201d in the nationwide service-based program that provided the resources for undergraduate internships and community service.", "scrambled": "eosglVnkaw si allgcrien 143,000 fo tis aAslt sVSU ude ot a \u201ccdriasop\u201d usise dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa atth anc hwscit eth nosrse ffo erdnu anicert stondiinco.", "original": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected in some passenger-side airbags that can switch the sensor off under certain conditions.", "recovered": "Along with 143,000 other US students, Vassar was a \u201ccorps participant\u201d in the nationwide service-based program that provided the resources for undergraduate internships and community service."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: htninsaoWg oseecrdnid reirnetmte taefr eon ertm, utb sisocateas eomprdli imh ot evsre na lidodantai oruf ryeas ni hte caef fo geiermng taoplliic iivssndoi ttah ynam ferade lwodu lplu het gouyn counryt prtaa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Within recent decades, some complicated terms of trade have emerged in the face of globalizing political divisions that have framed the good will of many countries' parties.", "scrambled": "htninsaoWg oseecrdnid reirnetmte taefr eon ertm, utb sisocateas eomprdli imh ot evsre na lidodantai oruf ryeas ni hte caef fo geiermng taoplliic iivssndoi ttah ynam ferade lwodu lplu het gouyn counryt prtaa.", "original": "Washington considered retirement after one term, but associates implored him to serve an additional four years in the face of emerging political divisions that many feared would pull the young country apart.", "recovered": "Within recent decades, some complicated terms of trade have emerged in the face of globalizing political divisions that have framed the good will of many countries' parties."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eWlls oraFg hsa regeda ot ypa $1 liolinb ot lsette a wastiul iucnagsc ti fo nidgruaedf eldeshhrraso vroe sit mtetatner fo oeucstrsm. eniSc 2016, elslW Fgaor sah iapd ro ste idsae lnisilbo fo dlasrlo ot eevoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda gnliioiatt icnerongnc tsi nssbseiu arsictepc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a wasteful incentive scheme to encourage undesired foreclosure practices for some mortgage customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has also agreed to provide loan modifications to eligible borrowers and other forms of relief to affected consumers.", "scrambled": "eWlls oraFg hsa regeda ot ypa $1 liolinb ot lsette a wastiul iucnagsc ti fo nidgruaedf eldeshhrraso vroe sit mtetatner fo oeucstrsm. eniSc 2016, elslW Fgaor sah iapd ro ste idsae lnisilbo fo dlasrlo ot eevoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda gnliioiatt icnerongnc tsi nssbseiu arsictepc.", "original": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding shareholders over its treatment of customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to resolve regulatory probes and litigation concerning its business practices.", "recovered": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a wasteful incentive scheme to encourage undesired foreclosure practices for some mortgage customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has also agreed to provide loan modifications to eligible borrowers and other forms of relief to affected consumers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cygtvrenihE vrwEerehey lAl ta eOcn\u201d odmndatei eth ssOcra no undyaS. eTh ifml own tmos fo het igb wsadar, niulgnicd tsbe ueircpt nda ricinegtd. hlcMilee eYho nwo estb etcsrsa ni a aiedgln lreo, elihw eK yHu uanQ dan aeJmi eeL usCrit own stbe catro nda sbet srseatc ni girpuontsp oersl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \u201cThe government mandated that social distancing was the new normal. The formal rules of the big washer, including distance between people and reducing contact. However, You and Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis were still able to cast and be stars in group projects overall.\u201d", "scrambled": "\u201cygtvrenihE vrwEerehey lAl ta eOcn\u201d odmndatei eth ssOcra no undyaS. eTh ifml own tmos fo het igb wsadar, niulgnicd tsbe ueircpt nda ricinegtd. hlcMilee eYho nwo estb etcsrsa ni a aiedgln lreo, elihw eK yHu uanQ dan aeJmi eeL usCrit own stbe catro nda sbet srseatc ni girpuontsp oersl.", "original": "\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sunday. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.", "recovered": "\u201cThe government mandated that social distancing was the new normal. The formal rules of the big washer, including distance between people and reducing contact. However, You and Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis were still able to cast and be stars in group projects overall.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201couY\u2019ll eb srueidprs ta athw uyo cna tge ta idAl,\u201d isda ehT isTem, cwhhi itldes \u201csgoeerirc, wroep idlsrl, lalbfatinse, igesnw aenmichs\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo icsmoa\u201d. Teh \u201chylcciolalearoga tanisiicgfn\u201d rdsievyco spiton ot eth eexntiesc fo a hhig-tsutsa naRom shoeu, ro musod.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \u201cYou'll be surprised to see how you can get to Italy,\u201d is the item, which lists \u201cgeography, world cultures, languages, music and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201cholistic educational experience\u201d provides insight to the existence of a high-status Roman show, or museum.", "scrambled": "\u201couY\u2019ll eb srueidprs ta athw uyo cna tge ta idAl,\u201d isda ehT isTem, cwhhi itldes \u201csgoeerirc, wroep idlsrl, lalbfatinse, igesnw aenmichs\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo icsmoa\u201d. Teh \u201chylcciolalearoga tanisiicgfn\u201d rdsievyco spiton ot eth eexntiesc fo a hhig-tsutsa naRom shoeu, ro musod.", "original": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Aldi,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201carchaeologically significant\u201d discovery points to the existence of a high-status Roman house, or domus.", "recovered": "\u201cYou'll be surprised to see how you can get to Italy,\u201d is the item, which lists \u201cgeography, world cultures, languages, music and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201cholistic educational experience\u201d provides insight to the existence of a high-status Roman show, or museum."}
