{"input": "Question: Which type of product was recently distributed to some US stores despite a recall notice?\nChoices: (A)Salad dressing (B)Baby formula (C)Ground beef (D)Whole milk\nEvidence: A reGebr baby ulfaorm wsa titbudiserd ot soetsr despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. heT company si noniacrggue parents ot ckhec any poducsrt yhte have ta home nda cdisadr sehot that may eb affected.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not salad dressing. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not ground beef. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not whole milk. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not salad dressing. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not ground beef. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not whole milk. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not salad dressing. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not ground beef. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not whole milk. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not salad dressing. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not ground beef. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not salad dressing. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not whole milk. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not ground beef. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not salad dressing. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not ground beef. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not whole milk. The FDA recall notice was issued for baby formula, not salad dressing. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The CDC declared measles was eliminated from the US in 2000. However, a new case was reported this week in which state?\nChoices: (A)California (B)Nevada (C)Maine (D)Tennessee\nEvidence: A child ni ianeM has tested positive for measles, state thahel ififsaloc said. ihleW hte virus asw declared eliminated mreo hnat otw sdeceda ago, tlhhae fliasoicf say vaccination rates ni the SU ehva ppedodr ni recent years, sparking enw osaebutrk.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that a child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. The virus was declared eliminated from the US decades ago, but officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new controversy. The evidence is that a child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. The virus was declared eliminated from the US decades ago, but officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new controversy. The evidence is that a child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. The virus was declared eliminated from the US decades ago, but officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new controversy. The evidence is that a child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. The virus was declared eliminated from the US decades ago, but officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new controversy. The evidence is that a child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. The virus was declared eliminated from the US decades ago, but officials say vaccination rates in the", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A life-sized chocolate sculpture of King Charles III was unveiled this week to celebrate which upcoming occasion?\nChoices: (A)Birthday (B)Wedding anniversary (C)Coronation (D)Birth of a grandchild\nEvidence: A chocolate eurtslupc genghiiw more than 50 odupsn was unveiled yb a neccneiootyfr radnb ot mark King lhrCeas III\u2019s coronation no May 6 in nLnodo\u2019s rmesnWetsit bbAey.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III. The sculpture was unveiled to celebrate the coronation of King", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: At least 12 people were injured when a crane collapsed this week in which major city?\nChoices: (A)Los Angeles (B)Chicago (C)New York City (D)Miami\nEvidence: A crane collapsed anesdyedW ni New York tCiy ilwhe the reoarotp asw lifting otuba 16 sotn of concrete, flciosfia isda. mtiraDca idevo showed flames nda meoks rising mrof eth eacrn before its boom fell, hitting a building across the eetstr.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The crane collapsed in New York City, where the crane was lifting 16 tons of concrete, flamingosic concrete, and a. mtiraDca idevo showed flames and mneoks rising from the crane before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street. Evidence: A crane collapsed and injured at least 12 people when a crane collapsed this week in which major city? Choices: (A)Los Angeles (B)Chicago (C)New York City (D)Miami Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The crane collapsed and injured at least 12 people when a crane collapsed this week in which major city? Evidence: A crane collapsed and injured at least 12 people when a crane collapsed this week in which major city? Choices: (A)Los Angeles (B)Chicago (C)New York City (D)Miami Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The crane collapsed and injured at least 12 people when a crane collapsed this week in which major", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which country\u2019s outdated rail network was criticized this week in the wake of a devastating train accident?\nChoices: (A)India (B)China (C)France (D)Brazil\nEvidence: A dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot foornctn ytasfe seusis in a liyraaw ysmets that pattnrsosr remo than 13 million passengers ryeve day.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "India. The evidence is that a devastating train crash in India has renewed criticism of authorities for failing to fix safety issues in a line that carries more than 13 million passengers a day. The evidence is that a dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot foornctn ytasfe seusis in a liyraaw ysmets that pattnrsosr remo than 13 million passengers ryeve day. The evidence is that a dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot foornctn ytasfe seusis in a liyraaw ysmets that pattnrsosr remo than 13 million passengers ryeve day. The evidence is that a dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot foornctn ytasfe seusis in ", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A 5,000-mile-wide blob of seaweed is heading for the shores of which state?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)California (C)Maine (D)Alaska\nEvidence: A tagin, ysknti aesewed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s eectdpex to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi naehrgeintt to ptu a damper no eth summer riuostt aoesns.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that a blob of seaweed is heading for the shores of Maine. The evidence is that it\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, and it\u2019s feared to put a damper on summer beach resorts. The evidence is that it\u2019s a 5,000-mile-wide blob of seaweed. The evidence is that it\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, and it\u2019s feared to put a damper on summer beach resorts. The evidence is that it\u2019s a 5,000-mile-wide blob of seaweed. The evidence is that it\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, and it\u2019s feared to put a damper on summer beach resorts. The evidence is that it\u2019s a 5,000-mile-wide blob of seaweed. The evidence is that it\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, and it\u2019s feared to put a damper on summer beach resorts. The evidence is that it\u2019s a 5,000-mile-wide blob of seaweed. The evidence is that it\u2019s expected", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which animal is facing extinction in Wales due to a deadly virus?\nChoices: (A)Ospreys (B)Red squirrels (C)Puffins (D)Grey seals\nEvidence: A rekill pox has edikll up ot 80% fo red squirrels in noe etiwrn ta the few sites they are lslti fnuod in Wales. Nerlay 11,000 people have signed a peotitni lgclina rfo eth Welsh government to dufn vicncae chrereas ni order ot ttoerpc lWase\u2019 mlsal tpinlopauo of red sqsuerril \u2013 etrhe are only about 1,000 left in North Wlsae. svIianev, non-netavi egyr eqrlsirsu aryrc usilrerq pox virus, but are not tfcfaede by ti.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the virus has killed up to 80% of the red squirrels in Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. The evidence is that there are only about 1,000", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which city lit up the world\u2019s largest spherical structure this week?\nChoices: (A)Dubai (B)Las Vegas (C)Tokyo (D)Singapore\nEvidence: A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las gVesa htta plerdtorey stonncia eth world\u2019s hiteghs-onlsreotiu wraparound EDL enserc was fully mendiltluia no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut reeh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Las Vegas. The question is: Which city lit up the world\u2019s largest spherical structure this week? The evidence is: A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las Vegas, the world\u2019s highs-only wraparound EDL entertainment center was fully mendiltluia no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut reeh. The question is: Which city lit up the world\u2019s largest spherical structure this week? The evidence is: A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las Vegas, the world\u2019s highs-only wraparound EDL entertainment center was fully mendiltluia no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut reeh. The question is: Which city lit up the world\u2019s largest spherical structure this week? The evidence is: A esasmiv bowl-ehdaps theater in Las Vegas, the world\u2019s highs-only wraparound EDL entertainment center was fully mendiltluia no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut reeh. The question is: Which city", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Disney enthusiasts were thrilled this week when the full trailer was released for which upcoming live-action remake?\nChoices: (A)\u201cSnow White\u201d (B)\u201cFrozen\u201d (C)\u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d (D)\u201cMoana\u201d\nEvidence: A wne trailer for the live-naicto aeerkm fo 1989\u2019s animated \u201cheT iltLet Mermaid\u201d debuted udnigr the Oscars recenyom.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer. The Little Mermaid\u201d is the correct answer.", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK?\nChoices: (A)The Shetland Islands (B)The Falkland Islands (C)The Channel Islands (D)The Balearic Islands\nEvidence: A row obkre tou taefr the bloc referred ot eht Falkland Islands yb het Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR Sunak criticised eth \u201cregrettable choice fo words\u201d, chhwi typrenpala endorsed atengrniA\u2019s claim ot het archipelago, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Falkland Islands were at the centre of a diplomat spat this week between the EU and the UK. A row obkre tou taefr the bloc referred ot eht Falkland Islands yb het Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, ni a mnucouqi\u00e9m signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt nmeAraic intonsa. isihR Sunak criticised eth \u201cregrettable choice fo words\u201d, chhwi typrenpala endorsed atengrniA\u2019s claim ot het archipelago, a istriBh esvaroes iyretorrt. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. A row obkre tou taefr the bloc referred ot eht Falkland Islands yb het Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvin", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: President Abraham Lincoln\u2019s famous Gettysburg Address in 1863 during the height of the Civil War begins, \u201cFour score and seven years ago \u2026\u201d How long is a score?\nChoices: (A)10 years (B)20 years (C)50 years (D)100 years\nEvidence: A score si ueqla to 20 easry, so Lilocnn wsa fiegrrenr to 87 arsye ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when teh laatniocreD of nncIneeeepdd was dedpaot in his assredd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln was referring to the year 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Lincoln", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A California sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports?\nChoices: (A)Weed (B)Surfboards (C)Shoes (D)Beach towels\nEvidence: A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn sesrrfu\u2019 rdoabs ni California, according to Teh pgahTeler. The five-year-dol lanaim, known sa rOtte 841, has eneb jumping noto rbosda nda nudging their nrsweo out of the way, so esh can hvea a sabk. rFo more dod adn dtecnpueex eswn, sign pu ot the Tall Tales newsletter.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a sea otter keeps stealing what, according to reports. The evidence is that a", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which type of lunar phenomenon lit up the night sky this week?\nChoices: (A)Blue moon (B)Sturgeon supermoon (C)Blood moon (D)Lunar eclipse\nEvidence: A gousentr eospomurn created a nncgetiamfi igths srscao teh dlwor hsti week. This sumluino cepstelac occurs when the omon nears sit closest ntpio to Earth while appearing full.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that a supermoon created a night sky phenomenon this week. This supermoon eclipse occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full. The evidence is that a supermoon created a night sky phenomenon this week. This supermoon eclipse occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full. The evidence is that a supermoon eclipse occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full. The evidence is that a supermoon eclipse occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full. The evidence is that a supermoon eclipse occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full. The evidence is that a supermoon eclipse occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full. The evidence is that a supermoon eclipse occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full. The evidence is that a supermoon eclipse occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full. The evidence is that a supermoon eclipse occurs when the moon nears", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A surge of migrants at the US-Mexico border is expected next week when a Trump-era policy expires on May 11. What is the policy called?\nChoices: (A)Title 9 (B)Title 33 (C)Title 42 (D)Title 51\nEvidence: A surge si expected when eTtli 42 \u2014 eth Trump-era picloy hatt dleoalw ertuihosati to quickly turn waya certain ismargnt ta het orbedr unidgr the pandemic \u2014 comes to an den.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Title 42. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows the government to quickly turn away certain immigrants at the border. Title 42 is the Trump-era policy that allows", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which small intruder crawled through a fence at the White House this week, prompting a swift response from the US Secret Service?\nChoices: (A)Snake (B)Dog (C)Cat (D)Toddler\nEvidence: A rldodte iedlfntitra iehWt sHueo grounds, isegtnt off stcyieur alerts. hTe young boy swa caught by officers before ibegn quickly etndreui with his reatnsp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that a rldodte iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlfntitra Evidence: A rldodte iedlfntitra iedlfntitra iedlf", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Racism, sexism, elitism and classism is prevalent at every level in which English sport, according to a new independent report?\nChoices: (A)Rugby union (B)Cricket (C)Tennis (D)Football\nEvidence: A wot-year investigation yb teh tndeIdnepen isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy in ckrteCi odnuf ahtt csimar was \u201centehendrc\u201d in the \u201ciltiste and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rewe \u201cufenyqlrte demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-sclas\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that a one-year investigation found that the elitism in cricket is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that a one-year investigation found that the elitism in cricket is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that a one-year investigation found that the elitism in cricket is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that a one-year investigation found that the elitism in cricket is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that a one-year investigation found that the elitism in cricket is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that a one-year investigation found that the elitism in cricket is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The evidence is that a one-year investigation found that the elitism in cricket is prevalent at every level in English sport, according to a new independent report. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A major strike this week halted classes for more than a half million students in which city?\nChoices: (A)New York (B)Los Angeles (C)Chicago (D)Houston\nEvidence: A nuoin representing hloosc rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nnotai\u2019s sdecon-largest ticidsrt \u2013 went on strike, tisgthnu dnow slcshoo for several days.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that a nuoin representing hloosc rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest ticidsrt \u2013 went on strike, tisgthnu dnow slcshoo for several days. The evidence is that a nuoin representing hloosc rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest ticidsrt \u2013 went on strike, tisgthnu dnow slcshoo for several days. The evidence is that a nuoin representing hloosc rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest ticidsrt \u2013 went on strike, tis", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: According to a new survey, approximately how many nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress?\nChoices: (A)30,000 (B)50,000 (C)70,000 (D)100,000\nEvidence: uobtA 100,000 resgtdreie esusrn in the SU eltf the akwroelcp eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, gaciconrd ot the utserls of a syruev duepblish Thursday by the alniaNot Council fo State Boards fo Nursing.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "100,000. The evidence states that 100,000 nurses left the workforce due to pandemic-related burnout and stress. Choices A through D are all too low. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too low. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices A through D are all too high. Choices", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Latest data shows that which country lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022?\nChoices: (A)The Democratic Republic of Congo (B)Malaysia (C)Brazil (D)Colombia\nEvidence: Acrdnocgi to a ewn rertop based no data fomr the Uvieirtnsy of aMnadlry, the sslo fo the world\u2019s tropical forests inreedcsa by 10% year-on-erya ni 2022, with alrziB accounting orf 43% of hte global total. Experts wnaerd tlsa eyra thta hte oazAmn was approaching a \u201ctipping ipton\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The evidence shows that the country that lost the most tropical rainforest in 2022 is Brazil. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which major US city is sinking under the weight of its skyscrapers?\nChoices: (A)Chicago (B)San Francisco (C)Houston (D)New York\nEvidence: niocdrcAg to a new usytd yb hte SU lolgiaGeco Survey (SGUS), New York si sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part ignow to eth rusoenom weight of teh city\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na estimated 771 million tonnes. heT ehrceersras loas blamed other phenomena including taorurdenwg laarwhwtdi and shifting ntiecoct plates.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "New York. The evidence is that New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part due to the weight of the city\u2019s skyscrapers, which weigh an estimated 771 million tonnes. The evidence is that New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part due to the weight of the city\u2019s skyscrapers, which weigh an estimated 771 million tonnes. The evidence is that New York is sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part ignow to the rusoenom weight of the city\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na estimated 771 million tonnes. The evidence is that New York is sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part ignow to the rusoenom weight of the city\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt na estimated 771 million tonnes. The evidence is that New York is sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part ignow to the rusoenom weight of the city\u2019s lisindbug, chwhi aotlt n", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: What is the name of Joe Biden\u2019s dog who is in the doghouse for repeatedly biting Secret Service agents?\nChoices: (A)Commander (B)Major (C)General (D)Sergeant\nEvidence: Aoncidcgr to a report rofm a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc urgpo, hte SU president\u2019s gdo has tntbie Secret Service agents at tlsea 10 times. Teh 22-month-dol German Shepherd, a gift ofrm edinB\u2019s erbrtho James, has been given \u201ciddatniola sglnhaei csortoolp\u201d iloonwgfl the incidents.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Evidence: According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doghouse news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has repeatedly bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. Evidence: According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doghouse news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has repeatedly bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. Evidence: According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doghouse news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has repeatedly bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. Evidence: According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doghouse news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has repeatedly bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. Evidence: According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doghouse news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has repeatedly bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. Evidence: According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doghouse news outlet, the SU president\u2019s dog has repeatedly bitten Secret Service agents", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what?\nChoices: (A)Wastewater (B)Toilet seats (C)Festival bags (D)Blood tests\nEvidence: dociAngcr ot na snlisaya fo wastewater in elsrvae major cities, eus of the sslaC A gudr has risen by sa much as a quarter ni just eon eary, said the National emrCi Agency. The agency disa sintteg of wastewater vgea a better niatoiicdn of grdu ues than cuilpb evuysrs ro estimates romf eedzis tcusssbean. diFn tou mreo ithw The Week Unwrapped podcast.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of what? Cocaine use appears to be on the rise in the UK, based on an analysis of", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: When the weather warms up it\u2019s time for a cookout! How many hot dogs do Americans consume each year?\nChoices: (A)2 million (B)20 million (C)2 billion (D)20 billion\nEvidence: oAdcrgnci ot stseaetim omrf National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Aacemsrni consume as mnay sa 20 loibnil tho sdog rpe arye. aTth number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), sa well as oht dogs tneea ta ontipgrs entesv, local picnics and carnivals.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs each year. The number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at tourist attractions, local picnics and carnivals. The evidence shows that Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs each year. The number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at tourist attractions, local picnics and carnivals. The evidence shows that Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs each year. The number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at tourist attractions, local picnics and carnivals. The evidence shows that Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs each year. The number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at tourist attractions, local picnics and carnivals. The evidence shows that Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs each year. The number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs served at tourist attractions, local picnics and carnivals. The evidence shows that Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs each year. The number factors in lteria sales (9 billion),", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Birch trees are being blamed for a doubling of what in England over the past 20 years?\nChoices: (A)Tree mite populations (B)Hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions (C)Subsidence beside river banks (D)Loss of natural vegetation and cropland\nEvidence: Acdnicrgo ot xsperet, na increase in het eburmn of icbhr trees geinb planted, upsl eth wider availability of foods from around the odlwr, has fuelled ohtsliap admissions orf ilalseger nda yxipahaalsn, hwhci have increased mfor 12,361 in 2002-03 ot 25,721 in the ptas raye. idFn out oerm with eTh Week Unwrapped podcast.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Birch trees are being blamed for a doubling of hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions. Question: Birch trees are being blamed for a doubling of what in England over the past 20 years? Choices: (A)Tree mite populations (B)Hospital admissions for life-threatening allergic reactions (C)Subsidence beside river banks (D)Loss of natural vegetation and cropland Evidence: Acdnicrgo ot xsperet, na increase in het eburmn of icbhr trees geinb planted, upsl eth wider availability of foods from around the odlwr, has fuelled ohtsliap admissions orf ilalseger nda yxipahaalsn, hwhci have increased mfor 12,361 in 2002-03 ot 25,721 in the ptas raye. idFn out oerm with eTh Week Unwrapped podcast. Answer: Based on the evidence", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which racquet sport has been blamed for driving a surge in health insurance claims in the US?\nChoices: (A)Tennis (B)Badminton (C)Pickleball (D)Squash\nEvidence: According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU hhalet insurance imlsca found ttha pu ot $500 million fo medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d ot het sport, a cross eenwebt entins, tabmdinno nda aletb ntneis thta si especially popular htwi pensioners, orF more dod dan unexpected nsew, nsig pu to the lTal Tsale newsletter.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Question: Which racquet sport has been blamed for driving a surge in health insurance claims in the US? Choices: (A)Tennis (B)Badminton (C)Pickleball (D)Squash Evidence: According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU hhalet insurance imlsca found ttha pu ot $500 million fo medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d ot het sport, a cross eenwebt entins, tabmdinno nda aletb ntneis thta si especially popular htwi pensioners, orF more dod dan unexpected nsew, nsig pu to the lTal Tsale newsletter. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Question: Which racquet sport has been blamed for driving a surge in health insurance claims in the US? Choices: (A)Tennis (B)Badminton (C)Pickleball (D)Squash", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend?\nChoices: (A)Southern fried chicken (B)Fish and chips (C)Hot cross bun (D)Pizza\nEvidence: According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat fgiafnbl tetar\u201d si available in cities srosac the UK oerv teh eeedwnk vai the ovieDleor app. \u201ceLvo fried chicken? vLeo chocolate? Then tup your sdhna together,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre mfro Deliveroo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour of Easter egg will be launched by Deliveroo, the food delivery app, in time for Easter weekend. The unusual flavour", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The World Meteorological Organization has warned that the planet will breach the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d by what year?\nChoices: (A)2024 (B)2025 (C)2026 (D)2027\nEvidence: dgAcicorn to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, trehe si onw a greater likelihood hatt teh planet lliw surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming yb 2027. fI htsi shelodtrh si consistently cexedeed, ti would signify a hehiedetng risk of erangchi critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. sPagsni htees tipping otspin wdlou lead ot a ssle ohstpbelia palnte nda an laeaectnciro of climate change.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The World Meteorological Organization has warned that the planet will breach the 1.5C global warming \u201cthreshold\u201d by what year? Evidence: According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming yb 2027. If this shelodtrh is consistently cexedeed, it would signify a hehiedetng risk of erangchi critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. sPagsni htees tipping otspin wdlou lead ot a ssle ohstpbelia palnte nda an laesear\u0103 of climate change. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming yb 2027. If this shelodtrh is consistently cexedeed, it would signify a hehiedetng risk of ", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Former New Labour spin doctor Alastair Campbell has called for the introduction of primary school lessons in what?\nChoices: (A)Arguing (B)Boxing (C)DIY (D)Personal finance\nEvidence: Addressing an audience ta teh Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI hktin ew luoshd teach our kids ot eb interested ni and engaged ni pltiscio.\u201d The strategist and urotajnsil added ahtt rather naht \u201calcl ti itlcpsio\u201d, such lessons could eb dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d ro \u201cbig issues\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Arguing. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________. Arguing is a form of __________", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: FDA advisers this week voted unanimously in support of making which type of medication available over-the-counter for the first time in the US?\nChoices: (A)Insulin (B)Adderall (C)Amoxicillin (D)Birth-control pills\nEvidence: ervsAdis fro eth FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support fo making a ihrbt-control llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi over-het-ruceton, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: FDA advisers this week voted unanimously in support of making which type of medication available over-the-counter for the first time in the US? Choices: (A)Insulin (B)Adderall (C)Amoxicillin (D)Birth-control pills Evidence: ervsAdis fro eth FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support fo making a ihrbt-control llpi deman Ollpi eaalvalbi over-het-ruceton, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: FDA advisers this week voted unanimously in support of making which type of medication available over-the-counter for the first time in the US? Choices: (A)Insulin (B)Adderall (C)Amoxicillin (D)Birth-control pills Evidence: ervsAdis fro eth FDA voted un", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: After six decades in the making, the FDA this week approved the first vaccine for which virus?\nChoices: (A)Common cold (B)HIV/AIDS (C)Ebola (D)RSV\nEvidence: fretA a 60-year scientific quest, teh world sha tsi sitrf ecaivcn ot protect iansgta respiratory ytislcnay virus, or RSV.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "RSV. The FDA this week approved the first vaccine for RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not RSV. The vaccine is for RSV, not R", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which US star became the oldest person to appear on the cover of Sports Illustrated this week?\nChoices: (A)Dolly Parton (B)Martha Stewart (C)Diane Keaton (D)Michelle Yeoh\nEvidence: degA 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to recag the cover fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm edition. She okto the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Maye kuMs, who oesdp ta het eag fo 74 in 2022.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Martha Stewart. Question: Which US star became the oldest person to appear on the cover of Sports Illustrated this week? Choices: (A)Dolly Parton (B)Martha Stewart (C)Diane Keaton (D)Michelle Yeoh Evidence: degA 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to recag the cover fo rstSpo ustarledlIt\u2019s wraseiwm edition. She okto the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, eth dmleo Maye kuMs, who oesdp ta het eag fo 74 in 2022. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Martha Stewart. Question: Which US star became the oldest person to appear on the cover of Sports Illustrated this week? Choices: (A)Dolly Parton (B)Martha Stewart (C)Diane Keaton (D)Michelle Yeoh Evidence: degA 81, Stewart is the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: In what is believed to be Scotland\u2019s most lethal mass stranding, a pod of which species washed ashore on the Isle of Lewis?\nChoices: (A)False killer whales (B)Sperm whales (C)Harbour porpoises (D)Pilot whales\nEvidence: tmAlos a whole dpo of pilot whales eidd after 55 shweda pu no a oremet acebh on het rOeut eHeibarnd island. otiPl whales rae \u201cnotorious rof their rngost social nobds\u201d, said ithirBs Divers Marine Leif Rescue. ehT charity believes the dpo might have oldolfwe neo of the sewhla aerohs taerf ti had difficulty giving birth.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Pilot whales. False killer whales are false killer whales. Sperm whales are sperm whales. Harbour porpoises are harbour porpoises. Pilot whales are pilot whales. The evidence is that a whole pod of pilot whales washed ashore on the Isle of Lewis. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious rof their rngost social nobds\u201d, said ithirBs Divers Marine Leif Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have oldolfwe neo of the sewhla aerohs taerf ti had difficulty giving birth. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Pilot whales. False killer whales are false killer whales. Sperm whales are sperm whales. Harbour porpoises are harbour porpoises. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious rof their rngost social nobds\u201d, said ithirBs Divers Marine Leif Rescue. The charity believes the dpo might have oldolfwe neo of", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which company this week agreed to pay more than $30 million to settle privacy complaints?\nChoices: (A)Amazon (B)Meta (C)Twitter (D)Google\nEvidence: Amazon garede ot ayp a hefty usm to settle privacy isnctmpola over its Alexa ecvio assistant adn Ring doorbell earsacm. ehT settlements hwit the Federal radeT onimmoCiss hlhgtghii asclim that eht ycapnmo etaidrne Ring videos nda Alexa voice recordings rfo ryaes.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The question is: Which company this week agreed to pay more than $30 million to settle privacy complaints? The evidence is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The question is: Which company this week agreed to pay more than $30 million to settle privacy complaints? The evidence is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The question is: Which company this week agreed to pay more than $30 million to settle privacy complaints? The evidence is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The question is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The evidence is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The question is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The evidence is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The question is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The question is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The question is that Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints. The question is", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Amazon is growing its footprint in the health sector. Which service did the e-commerce giant launch nationwide this week?\nChoices: (A)Amazon Clinic (B)Amazon Workouts (C)Amazon Nutrition (D)Amazon Pharmacy\nEvidence: aAnzom\u2019s virtual ccinli si now fnoregif hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and ihtnsnaWgo, DC, the mayoncp nondueanc on ysueaTd. onmaAz previously launched its won digital drugstore, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that aAnzom\u2019s virtual ccinli si now fnoregif hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and ihtnsnaWgo, DC, the mayoncp nondueanc on ysueaTd. onmaAz previously launched its won digital drugstore, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The evidence is that aAnzom\u2019s virtual ccinli si now fnoregif hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and ihtnsnaWgo, DC, the mayoncp nondueanc on ysueaTd. onmaAz previously launched its won digital drugstore, azmonA cmaharPy, ni 2020. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The evidence is that aA", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: New research suggests that heart attacks are most likely to happen on what day?\nChoices: (A)Monday (B)Wednesday (C)Friday (D)Sunday\nEvidence: An ynasilsa fo atad on 10,528 satnietp dmdaeitt to lithaosp ni dalIner ihtw a serious rteah tkacta over a five-year period found ttha rates were 13% higher on yMosadn. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions ot sleep cycles over hte weekend thta aym trigger eighhr lvlees of tlniofmamina and stress hormones ewnh lopepe rtunre ot tiehr aulus weekday isirgn eismt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The evidence suggests that the day of the week is Sunday. The", "pred": "D", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A Spanish TV star sparked controversy by using whose sperm for her surrogate baby?\nChoices: (A)Her deceased father (B)Her deceased husband (C)Her deceased cousin (D)Her deceased son\nEvidence: naA Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public deabet since having a baby irgl via surrogacy (which is lgeilal in Snpai) ni eth SU, using the ermsp fo hre son lieAsso, woh ddie of arencc in 2020 ta the eag fo 27. eTh 68-year-ldo TV presenter told aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cdying hswi\u201d was to have a lchdi, so eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym daughter, but ym granddaughter\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Question: A Spanish TV star sparked controversy by using whose sperm for her surrogate baby? Choices: (A)Her deceased father (B)Her deceased husband (C)Her deceased cousin (D)Her deceased son Evidence: naA Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public deabet since having a baby irgl via surrogacy (which is lgeilal in Snpai) ni eth SU, using the ermsp fo hre son lieAsso, woh ddie of arencc in 2020 ta the eag fo 27. eTh 68-year-ldo TV presenter told aHol! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cdying hswi\u201d was to have a lchdi, so eth byba \u201csin\u2019t ym daughter, but ym granddaughter\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Question: A Spanish TV star sparked controversy by using whose", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: New York City\u2019s new \u201crat czar\u201d Kathleen Corradi previously worked as what?\nChoices: (A)Zookeeper (B)School teacher (C)Plumber (D)Bin collector\nEvidence: nnoAniungc hte appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary lohosc teacher aCridro \u201csah hte knowledge, evidr, experience and eeryng to send astr packing nda eacret a alcener, oerm mglwocien ytci for lal New Yorkers\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The evidence is that Corradi previously worked as a school teacher. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Apple recently unveiled its most ambitious \u2013 and riskiest \u2013 new product in years. What is it called?\nChoices: (A)Apple Car (B)Apple Bike Pro (C)Apple Hoverboard+ (D)Apple Vision Pro\nEvidence: Apple introduced a \u201cidmex ilaytre\u201d headset called eAppl Vision rPo, a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said ti will eb vaaleilab yearl xten year in eth SU.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Vision Pro. The evidence is that Apple Vision Pro is a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said ti will eb vaaleilab yearl xten year in eth SU. The evidence is that Apple Vision Pro is a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said ti will eb vaaleilab yearl xten year in eth SU. The evidence is that Apple Vision Pro is a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo. The paocynm said ti will eb vaaleilab yearl xten year in eth SU. The evidence is that Apple Vision Pro is a technology that overlays virtual segaim on ievl voide of the earl wrldo.", "pred": "", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Wednesday was World Water Day. Around what percentage of the global population lacks access to clean water?\nChoices: (A)30% (B)15% (C)10% (D)3%\nEvidence: irpApxoleatym 10% of eth world\u2019s ounpapotil \u2013 or na etaimsetd 785 illmoni opeelp \u2013 lack access to clean wtare, according ot eth World Health Organization.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that 10% of the global population lacks access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water. The evidence is that 785 million people lack access to clean water", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The contents of which late music star\u2019s former home are being put up for sale?\nChoices: (A)Freddie Mercury (B)Janis Joplin (C)Jeff Beck (D)Jimi Hendrix\nEvidence: Aodurn 1,500 tesim belonging ot teh rfroem Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co chtaosmue comb and a ilks aciwttsao dcoardete with cats \u2013 will eb displayed at Stobhye\u2019s London from 4 tsugAu tulni 5 betreemSp, and lwil then og nerdu the rmmeha.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Freddie Mercury. The contents of which late music star\u2019s former home are being put up for sale? Question: The contents of which late music star\u2019s former home are being put up for sale? Choices: (A)Freddie Mercury (B)Janis Joplin (C)Jeff Beck (D)Jimi Hendrix Evidence: Aodurn 1,500 tesim belonging ot teh rfroem Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co chtaosmue comb and a ilks aciwttsao dcoardete with cats \u2013 will eb displayed at Stobhye\u2019s London from 4 tsugAu tulni 5 betreemSp, and lwil then og nerdu the rmmeha. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Freddie Mercury. The contents of which late music star\u2019s former home are being put up for sale? Question: The contents of which late music star\u2019s former home are being put up for sale", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: What beverage was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations?\nChoices: (A)Mint Julep (B)Strawberry soda (C)Brandy Milk Punch (D)Chickory coffee\nEvidence: Arriving on the ehels fo spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, wthi dre sofdo nad drinks like wretrasrby soda dominating osthe spreads. The color red si believed ot represent the ldobo ehds yb devlnaes nicraAf ancestors.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Strawberry soda. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations. Strawberry soda was once popular and synonymous with Juneteenth celebrations.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: In her final speech as New Zealand\u2019s prime minister, who did Jacinda Ardern assure that \u201cthey too could one day lead\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Nerds (B)Geeks (C)Dorks (D)Dweebs\nEvidence: As hes deobw uto of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing ceshep calling rfo politics to be opened pu to atypical leaders. She iads: \u201cYou can eb ianxuso, tveieissn, kndi nda wear your heart no ruyo seelev. uoY can eb a etomrh, ro tno, an xe-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a reirc, a hugger \u2013 you can be lla fo htees things, and otn noyl nca oyu be eher \u2013 you can aedl.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc rhe shock eitnisaorng ni January, saying hes had \u201con oemr left ni eth nkat\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Nerds. Nerds are a subset of Geeks. Geeks are a subset of Dorks. Dorks are a subset of Nerds. Nerds are a subset of Dweebs. Dweebs are a subset of Geeks. Geeks are a subset of Nerds. Nerds are a subset of Dorks. Dorks are a subset of Nerds. Nerds are a subset of Dweebs. Dweebs are a subset of Geeks. Nerds are a subset of Dorks. Dorks are a subset of Nerds. Nerds are a subset of Geeks. Dorks are a subset of Nerds. Nerds are a subset of Geeks. Dorks are a subset of Nerds. Nerds are a subset of Geeks. Dorks are a subset of Nerds. N", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: What item is being sent by the UK government to New Zealand and Australia as a goodwill gesture marking the start of two new post-Brexit deals?\nChoices: (A)HP Sauce (B)Beano comics (C)Twinings tea (D)Cricket bats\nEvidence: As the ateenmesrg tbeenew hte UK dna iArtausla, as ewll sa the UK nad wNe Zealand, okot effect this kewe, various tiems were xehdecagn as goodwill gestures. Beano ccimos, ensdgi yb het comic\u2019s oiertd, aongl with Penderyn single taml lsehW hywksi, Brighton Gin, asgb from the Cambridge Satchel oC, nad ereFv-Tree xeisrm erew sent to both aoitsnn.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Beano comics. The evidence states that Beano comics, a well-known comic\u2019s origin, along with Penderyn single taml lsehW hywksi, Brighton Gin, asgb from the Cambridge Satchel oC, and ereFv-Tree xeisrm erew sent to both aoitsnn. The evidence states that Beano ccimos, ensdgi yb het comic\u2019s oiertd, aongl with Penderyn single taml lsehW hywksi, Brighton Gin, asgb from the Cambridge Satchel oC, and ereFv-Tree xeisrm erew sent to both aoitsnn. The evidence states that Beano ccimos, ensdgi yb het comic\u2019s oiertd, aongl with Penderyn single taml lsehW hywksi,", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: President Joe Biden announced his bid for a second term this week, though polls consistently reflect concern about his age. How old is Biden?\nChoices: (A)68 (B)74 (C)80 (D)91\nEvidence: tA 80 years old, dBine si het edstlo espnretdi in American rsioyht, and fi ereectdel, eh would be 86 when niengd his second term. neWh pressed no shi age during a eswn conference this kewe, Biden iads he \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta it\u201d oberef gddneici to run and \u201cfeels odgo.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that Biden is the oldest senator in American history, and if elected, he would be 86 when he begins his second term. When pressed about his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels odgo.\u201d. The evidence shows that Biden is the oldest senator in American history, and if elected, he would be 86 when he begins his second term. When pressed about his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels odgo.\u201d. The evidence shows that Biden is the oldest senator in American history, and if elected, he would be 86 when he begins his second term. When pressed about his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctkoo a rdah lkoo ta it\u201d before", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A multi-state salmonella outbreak was recently linked to which cooking ingredient?\nChoices: (A)Sugar (B)Salt (C)Butter (D)Flour\nEvidence: tA atles 13 oplpee in a dozen stesat were tenicdef yb a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the DCC asdi.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "flour. The evidence is that 13 people in a dozen states were tenicded by a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the DCC asdi. The evidence is that 13 people in a dozen states were tenicded by a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the DCC asdi. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is flour. The evidence is that 13 people in a dozen states were tenicded by a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the DCC asdi. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is flour. The evidence is that 13 people in a dozen states were tenicded by a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the DCC asdi. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is flour. The evidence is that 13 people in a dozen states were ten", "pred": "", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: What caused a 70-vehicle crash in Illinois this week?\nChoices: (A)Dust storm (B)Blizzard (C)Tornado (D)Sinkhole\nEvidence: tA least ixs poleep ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois dylsuedn emad ti nearly ipsoslembi to see no the short stretch of giahyhw, officials adsi.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was caused by a dust storm. The crash was", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Australia beat England by two wickets in a thrilling first Test of the men\u2019s Ashes series that was played where?\nChoices: (A)Lord\u2019s (B)Old Trafford (C)Edgbaston (D)Headingley\nEvidence: uistrAala gained revenge for their agonising otw-run shesA defeat ta het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their atfs-oebrwl captain Pta msCumni led sih side ot mplibboaer rtyovic thiw an nteebuna 44.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s. The answer is Lord\u2019s", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A company that specialises in lab-grown meat has unveiled a meatball created from the DNA of which extinct species?\nChoices: (A)Dodo (B)Tasmanian tiger (C)Woolly mammoth (D)Irish elk\nEvidence: Australian firm oVw ash eyoprilvus dtaecer bla-ognrw meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo dan kangaroos, and used DNA orfm the extinct ceI egA pescesi ot swho who far hte irnadbeous fo cultured tmea may eb pushed.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The evidence shows that the meatball was created from the DNA of the extinct species. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress at the 95th Academy Awards?\nChoices: (A)Angela Bassett (B)Kerry Condon (C)Jamie Lee Curtis (D)Stephanie Hsu\nEvidence: Bassett asw eddeiscrno teh front nuernr for the gong, for hre role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, tub lost out ot thyEegrnvi Erweehreyv All ta Once star Curtis, ni eon fo the gbstige sesput of the gtinh ta Sunday\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Angela Bassett. The evidence is that Bassett was the front runner for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost out to Once star Curtis, who was the prestige actress of the day at Sunday\u2019s sdaaw yonecrem. The evidence is that Bassett asw eddeiscrno teh front nuernr for the gong, for her role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, tub lost out ot thyEegrnvi Erweehreyv All ta Once star Curtis, ni eon fo the gbstige sesput of the gtinh ta Sunday\u2019s sdraaw yonecrem. Bassett asw eddeiscrno teh front nuernr for the gong, for hre role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, tub lost out ot thyE", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which state this week experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event?\nChoices: (A)California (B)Florida (C)Washington (D)Louisiana\nEvidence: eenBwte 14 adn 20 inches ewer dumped no South ilraFdo vroe a 24-hour period. ehT downpour closed loscosh nda Fort Lauderdale\u2019s trparoi.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Florida. The question asks which state experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event. The evidence states that 14 and 20 inches of rain dumped on South Florida in a 24-hour period. The downpour closed Loscosh and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s train stations. The question asks which state this week experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event? The evidence states that 14 and 20 inches of rain dumped on South Florida in a 24-hour period. The downpour closed Loscosh and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s train stations. The question asks which state this week experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event? The evidence states that 14 and 20 inches of rain dumped on South Florida in a 24-hour period. The downpour closed Loscosh and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s train stations. The question asks which state this week experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in-1,000-year event? The evidence states that 14 and 20 inches of rain dumped on South Florida in a 24-hour period. The question asks which state this week experienced heavy rainfall described by officials as a 1-in", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: President Joe Biden welcomed which world leader to the White House for a state dinner this week?\nChoices: (A)Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky (B)Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi (C)Colombian President Gustavo Petro (D)Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu\nEvidence: indBe hosted dnnaIi eimrP Minister Narendra Modi ta the iWteh sHoue on Thursday ofr a lavish, tented astte drenin hatt dueetfra a plant-deasb menu ofr the setug fo honor, who si a vegetarian.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Modi hosted Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner due to a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian. The evidence is that Modi hosted Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner due to a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian. The evidence is that Modi hosted Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner due to a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian. The evidence is that Modi hosted Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner due to a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian. The evidence is that Modi hosted Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner due to a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian. The evidence is that Modi hosted Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner due to ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Secretary of State Antony Blinken traveled to which country this week in an effort to \u201cstabilize\u201d relations?\nChoices: (A)Russia (B)Mexico (C)North Korea (D)China\nEvidence: Blinken edraltve ot hniaC for msngeeit tihw otp officials, including President Xi gJpinni. nkeiBnl si the first SU rraeyctes fo state ot visit Beijing in five years, nad ihs talks were seen sa a eky mlusit test ofr etrehhw the tow esvnntgorme can stop relations romf continuing to eeaotrrietd ta a time of lingering ttsuisrd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "China. The evidence states that Blinken traveled to China for meetings with other officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first Secretary of State to visit Beijing in five years, and these talks were seen as a \u201ckey\u201d test of whether the new US government\u2019s engagement program can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering tension. The evidence also states that Blinken is the first Secretary of State to visit North Korea in five years, and these talks were seen as a \u201ckey\u201d test of whether the new US government\u2019s engagement program can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering tension. The evidence also states that Blinken is the first Secretary of State to visit Mexico in five years, and these talks were seen as a \u201ckey\u201d test of whether the new US government\u2019s engagement program can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering tension. The evidence also states that Blinken is the first Secretary of State to visit Russia in five years, and these talks were seen as a \u201ckey\u201d test of whether the new US government\u2019s engagement program can stop relations from", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Prince Harry and which famous musician are heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher?\nChoices: (A)Elton John (B)Rod Stewart (C)Phil Collins (D)Mick Jagger\nEvidence: Btho inrceP aryHr adn lntoE John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi ecas against the lehiburps fo the Daily Mail gets dunerywa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Elton John. The evidence is that Prince Harry and which famous musician are heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher? Prince Harry and which famous musician are heading to court to sue a major UK newspaper publisher? Choices: (A)Elton John (B)Rod Stewart (C)Phil Collins (D)Mick Jagger Evidence: Btho inrceP aryHr adn lntoE John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi ecas against the Daily Mail gets dunerywa", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which city this week elected its first female mayor?\nChoices: (A)Los Angeles, California (B)Las Vegas, Nevada (C)Jacksonville, Florida (D)Chicago, Illinois\nEvidence: CNN cstjpore etDmocra Dnano nDaege will become colvislJknea\u2019s istfr female yoarm. This mskra only the second time ni 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office ni Florida\u2019s omst ospluoup city.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Jacksonville, Florida. The evidence is that CNN reported that Democrat Jenny Daege will become the city\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city. The evidence is that CNN reported that Democrat Jenny Daege will become the city\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city. The evidence is that CNN reported that Democrat Jenny Daege will become the city\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city. The evidence is that CNN reported that Democrat Jenny Daege will become the city\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city. The evidence is that CNN reported that Democrat Jenny Daege will become the city\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The appearance of Donald Trump at a broadcast \u201ctown hall\u201d meeting held by which news channel has caused ongoing controversy this week?\nChoices: (A)CNN (B)Fox News (C)NBC News (D)CBS News\nEvidence: CNN recently organised a vlie eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws session afirntegu reofrm pdretesin Doaldn Trump. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a supportive audience, Trump swiftly aeusmds control fo the event. eH tryneuleqf interrupted the moderator, blilneagl ehr as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating iamcsl fo a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof the broadcast, NNC CEO Chris Licht pdesxeres his wnurievnag stouprp for hte wton hall ncetcpo. eH said he bdveelei history liwl view teh ownretk\u2019s isconide to interview pumTr, edrdnuousr yb cgeenrhi supporters, favourably. But eh addde that eh would like ot improve some production elements.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "CNN. The appearance of Donald Trump at a broadcast \u201ctown hall\u201d meeting held by which news channel has caused ongoing controversy this week? Question: The appearance of Donald Trump at a broadcast \u201ctown hall\u201d meeting held by which news channel has caused ongoing controversy this week? Evidence: CNN recently organised a video eipmr-meti wnto hlal ieutnqso-nda-ernaws session aimed at reconfirming presiden Doaldn Trump. nI a tstngie uldlefe yb a supportive audience, Trump swiftly aeusmds control fo the event. eH tryneuleqf interrupted the moderator, blilneagl ehr as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating iamcsl fo a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing significant lcaabhks rof the broadcast, NNC CEO Chris Licht pdesxeres his wnurievnag stouprp for the town", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which world leader announced he and his spouse have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage?\nChoices: (A)Chinese President Xi Jinping (B)French President Emmanuel Macron (C)Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (D)UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak\nEvidence: Canadian Prime srMnitie Justin reaTuud cnnanuedo Wednesday that he and shi eiwf Sophie Gr\u00e9goire duuareT are sngriptaae. heT rsaeuuTd have three iernldch erttgeoh, lla under the ega fo 15.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Justin Trudeau, Canadas prime minister, announced Wednesday that he and his spouse Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. The couple have three children, all under the age of 15. Justin Trudeau, Canadas prime minister, announced Wednesday that he and his spouse Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. The couple have three children, all under the age of 15. Justin Trudeau, Canadas prime minister, announced Wednesday that he and his spouse Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. The couple have three children, all under the age of 15. Justin Trudeau, Canadas prime minister, announced Wednesday that he and his spouse Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. The couple have three children, all under the age of 15. Justin Trudeau, Canadas prime minister, announced Wednesday that he and his spouse Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau have agreed to separate after 18 years of marriage. The couple have three children, all under the age of 15. Justin Trudeau, Canadas prime minister, announced Wednesday that", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which country will become the first to label individual cigarettes with health warnings?\nChoices: (A)United States (B)France (C)Canada (D)Greece\nEvidence: Canadian thhela officials ays eth enw regulation to elbla yrvee taeirtgec with a innrwga message si arpt fo the yutornc\u2019s alog to rpdo nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% yb 2035.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that Canadian officials say that the new regulation to eliminate youth tobacco use with a warning message is part of the government\u2019s plan to reduce nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035. The evidence is that Canadian thhela officials say that the new regulation to eliminate youth tobacco use with a warning message is part of the government\u2019s plan to reduce nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035. The evidence is that Canadian thhela officials say that the new regulation to eliminate youth tobacco use with a warning message is part of the government\u2019s plan to reduce nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035. The evidence is that Canadian thhela officials say that the new regulation to eliminate youth tobacco use with a warning message is part of the government\u2019s plan to reduce nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035. The evidence is that Canadian thhela officials say that the new regulation to eliminate youth tobacco use with a warning message is part of the government\u2019s plan to reduce nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035. The evidence is that Canadian thhela officials say that the new regulation to eliminate youth tobacco use with ", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Newly unearthed documents suggest a slave trafficked to Italy was the mother of which famous Renaissance figure?\nChoices: (A)Galileo Galilei (B)Niccol\u00f2 Machiavelli (C)Michelangelo (D)Leonardo da Vinci\nEvidence: Carlo Vecce, a srpfooesr from alNesp, veecsdiord documents ni the aircsvhe fo Florence which show hatt shortly freta teh artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave ellacd artanieC \u2013 ywldei agreed to eb het name of aD Vinci\u2019s mother btu aoubt whom ltelit else si known.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was a slave trafficked to Italy. The evidence suggests that Michelangelo\u2019s mother was ", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which fast food chain is closing its first-ever restaurant after more than a half-century in business?\nChoices: (A)McDonald\u2019s (B)Chick-fil-A (C)Burger King (D)Wendy\u2019s\nEvidence: hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, laoedct ni the Greenbriar Mall food urotc ni tlaAtna, is set to close. tI\u2019s lencaru why the attrsanure si igsonlc, but ikel many llsam, the Garbenrrie sah been nsrultggig to acttart shoppers dan peek tenants.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Evidence: hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located at the Greenbriar Mall food urotc in tlaAtna, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the attraction is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbrier has been struggling to attract shoppers and retain tenants. Evidence: hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located at the Greenbriar Mall food urotc in tlaAtna, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the attraction is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbrier has been struggling to attract shoppers and retain tenants. Evidence: hikCc-ilf-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located at the Greenbriar Mall food urotc in tlaAtna, is set to close. It\u2019s lencaru why the attraction is closing, but ikel many llsam, the Garbenrrie sah been nsrultggig to acttart shoppers dan peek tenants. Evidence: hikCc-ilf-A", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: China has reportedly reached a secret deal to build a spy base in which country?\nChoices: (A)Honduras (B)Cuba (C)Nicaragua (D)Venezuela\nEvidence: hnaCi ash eagedr a ubnlloiitmli-rladol adel to build an olerncctie eavesdropping iliyfact on het ilansd that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop no US communications, according ot heT lWal Street Journal. The SU nad Cuban vnteesngrmo stca strong doubt no the rrepot.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence states that China has reportedly reached a secret deal to build an eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to the Wall Street Journal. The SU and Cuban vnteesngrmo stca strong doubt no the rreport. The evidence states that China has reportedly reached a secret deal to build an eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to the Wall Street Journal. The SU and Cuban vnteesngrmo stca strong doubt no the rreport. The evidence states that China has reportedly reached a secret deal to build an eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to the Wall Street Journal. The SU and Cuban vnteesngrmo stca strong doubt no the rreport. The evidence states that China has reportedly reached a secret deal to build an eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which country announced it would fully reopen to tourists this week after three years of pandemic border restrictions?\nChoices: (A)Canada (B)South Korea (C)France (D)China\nEvidence: China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The noucytr redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "China. The evidence is that China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The news redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy. The evidence is that China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The news redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy. The evidence is that China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The news redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergnesri no eeWddnasy. The evidence is that China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The news redesum nisugsi lal ecrtesgaoi fo visas for ofergne", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which country is attempting to be the second nation to put people on the moon?\nChoices: (A)Canada (B)Germany (C)France (D)China\nEvidence: China is pursuing plans ot land rsasttanou on eth lnrua scaurfe orebfe 2030.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Most of the US and many other countries recently \u201csprang forward\u201d for Daylight Saving Time. Clocks were moved forward by how much time?\nChoices: (A)One hour (B)Two hours (C)Three hours (D)Four hours\nEvidence: Clocks vmdoe forward eno hour. They will fall bkac an urho ot standard emti no eth first uandyS fo November.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward by one hour. The evidence is that clocks were moved forward", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which two teams won their matches on the first day of the Women\u2019s World Cup football tournament?\nChoices: (A)Canada and Switzerland (B)New Zealand and Australia (C)England and Spain (D)Norway and Republic of Ireland\nEvidence: Co-hosts New Zealand and rialsatAu both kkiedc off their World Cup apcngmisa with 1-0 oeiivstrc. New aZednla\u2019s Football srnFe esuerdc etrhi frsti evre inw no a global stage yb beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s taliMdsa ebokr a doesnc-lhfa deadlock thwi a decisive atpelyn itagnas Rbclpeiu fo naerdlI, who were iglnpay ta the rnmaeutnto for eth first time.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup matches with 1-0 outcomes. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns won their first ever match on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s team broke a 0-0 deadlock with a decisive goal against Republic of Ireland, who were playing in the tournament for the first time. The evidence is that New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup matches with 1-0 outcomes. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns won their first ever match on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s team broke a 0-0 deadlock with a decisive goal against Republic of Ireland, who were playing in the tournament for the first time. The evidence is that New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup matches with 1-0 outcomes. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns won their first ever match on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s team broke a 0-0 deadlock with a decisive goal against Republic of Ireland, who were playing in the tournament for the first time. The evidence is that New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup matches with 1-0 outcomes. New Zealand\u2019s", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Months after <a href=\"https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/07/politics/clarence-thomas-disclosures-supreme-court/index.html\">Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas</a> came under scrutiny for accepting lavish trips paid for by a billionaire Republican donor, another justice is in the spotlight for similar reasons. Which justice is it?\nChoices: (A)Justice Brett Kavanaugh (B)Justice Elena Kagan (C)Justice Samuel Alito (D)Justice Neil Gorsuch\nEvidence: Concerns aubto siethc dna prsryaetacnn ta het uremSep Court have been reignited isht week taerf Justice lauSem Alito dogedewnclak attending a xruylu fishing iprt on eht private tje of a conservative hedge fund aenmagr.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager. The evidence is that Alito attended a fishing trip on the private yacht of a conservative hedge fund manager.", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What is the political slogan of the new Tory candidate for London mayor, Susan Hall?\nChoices: (A)\u201cSafer with Susan\u201d (B)\u201cStronger with Susan\u201d (C)\u201cSusan says\u201d (D)\u201cSusan takes back control\u201d\nEvidence: Critvvnaeeos besermm have chosen Susan Hall sa hte party\u2019s didaneact ot try to unseat Sadiq hKna ni het 2024 London almoary clniteoe. Hall, ehsow aclploiti soanlg si \u201cefSar with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, aids The Guardian, \u201clikely ot eb snee sa na outsider\u201d, twhi her iwvse no cultural issues \u201ctacmlerpoib\u201d in a liberal-nlnaeig itcy.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "\u201cSafer with Susan\u201d. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d is the correct answer. The slogan", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A powerful cyclone hit Myanmar this week. What was its name?\nChoices: (A)Cyclone Mocha (B)Cyclone Mona (C)Cyclone Nala (D)Cyclone Nima\nEvidence: lcneCyo hacoM barreled into nMyrmaa\u2019s csota asdy ago, collapsing houses, girginbn donw telephone poles dan severely compromising otnimucmaiocn lines in olntficc-rkaced iRahnek state.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Cyclone Mocha. The evidence is that Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s capital city days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles, and severely compromising phone lines in non-functioning-ranked Rakhine state. Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s capital city days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles, and severely compromising phone lines in non-functioning-ranked Rakhine state. Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s capital city days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles, and severely compromising phone lines in non-functioning-ranked Rakhine state. Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s capital city days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles, and severely compromising phone lines in non-functioning-ranked Rakhine state. Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s capital city days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles, and severely compromising phone lines in non-functioning-", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A man in the US has attempted to break a world record by balancing what on his finger?\nChoices: (A)A ring (B)An umbrella (C)A Frisbee (D)A lemon\nEvidence: David Rush, hwo already boasts reom than 250 isnsneuG World Records, bedcnlaa an eurmball no shi finger orf hteer hours dna 46 smnitue. His etim beat the reurctn record, said UIP, utb must illst eb reevdeiw. For ermo stories from teh stranger ised fo lfie, sign up to the Tall elaTs ewerslnett.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for more than 46 seconds. His time beat the record record, said UIP, but it must first be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales answer network. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The evidence is that David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for more than 46 seconds. His time beat the record record, said UIP, but it must first be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales answer network. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The evidence is that David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for more than 46 seconds. His time beat the record record, said UIP, but it must first be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales answer network. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis officially kicked off his 2024 presidential campaign on Tuesday in which state?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)Tennessee (C)Pennsylvania (D)Iowa\nEvidence: DeSantis made hsi first campaign appearance ni oawI, erhew eh pledged to ktae no osannWhitg dersinsi and do emro for imrecAsna nath his GOP rival, emofrr President Danldo umpTr.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Iowa. The evidence is that DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to keep no osannWhitg dersinsi and do more for immigrants than his GOP rival, President Donald Trump. The evidence is that DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to keep no osannWhitg dersinsi and do emro for imrecAsna nath his GOP rival, emofrr President Danldo umpTr. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Iowa. The evidence is that DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to keep no osannWhitg dersinsi and do emro for imrecAsna nath his GOP rival, emofrr President Danldo umpTr. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Iowa. The evidence is that DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa,", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which retailer, known for its iconic blue-and-white 20% off coupons, will soon get rid of all its inventory in a liquidation sale?\nChoices: (A)Walmart (B)Lowe\u2019s (C)IKEA (D)Bed, Bath & Beyond\nEvidence: Deal hunters ear preparing themselves rof Bed, Btha & ndyeoB\u2019s tmmomha gogin-uto-of-business sela.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Bed, Bath & Beyond. The retailer is known for its iconic blue-and-white 20% off coupons. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence is that Bed, Bath & Beyond is having a going-out-of-business sale. The evidence", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Starbucks expanded its menu in several states this week to offer drinks made with which controversial ingredient?\nChoices: (A)Egg yolk (B)Alcohol (C)Protein powder (D)Olive oil\nEvidence: Despite somewhat eaegtivn reviews, Srctkubsa is bringing tsi otslnorvcarie olive lio cofefe ot more iciset.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states this week to offer drinks made with olive oil coffee. Starbucks is bringing a controversial ingredient to several states", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Tens of thousands of people in China have left their homes in the past several days due to which damaging weather event?\nChoices: (A)Flooding (B)Sandstorm (C)Earthquake (D)Wildfires\nEvidence: Devastating flooding si ripping rughtho tosstwhue China, whit several areas ginsuis the highest level of rngnsiwa ot veceatau. Concerns ear mounting ttha the floods wlli heva a devastating impact no rposc ni eth region.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that flooding is ripping across much of China, with several areas experiencing the highest level of rainfall in history. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on the region. Sandstorms are not mentioned. Earthquakes are not mentioned. Wildfires are not mentioned. The answer is A. Question: Which of the following is NOT a damaging weather event? Choices: (A)Sandstorm (B)Snowstorm (C)Storm (D)Wildfires Evidence: Devastating flooding is ripping across much of China, with several areas experiencing the highest level of rainfall in history. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on the region. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The evidence is that a sandstorm is not mentioned. The answer is B. Question: Which of the following is NOT a damaging weather event? Choices: (A)Sandstorm (B)Snowstorm (C)Storm (D)Wildfires Evidence: Devastating flooding is ripping across much of China, with several", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Disney this week stopped selling what in Australia?\nChoices: (A)Disney Princess costumes (B)Magazines and comics (C)Non-recyclable plastic merchandise (D)DVDs and Blu-ray discs\nEvidence: Disney hsa ceased releasing sit films ro TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, inofglwlo a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-sary and het like sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn popular.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "DVDs and Blu-ray discs. The evidence is that Disney has ceased releasing its films and TV shows on physical disc formats in Australia, in light of a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Blu-ray and the like being less popular and less popular. The evidence is that Disney has ceased releasing its films and TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, inofglwlo a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-sary and het like sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn popular. The evidence is that Disney has ceased releasing its films and TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, inofglwlo a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-sary and het like sa smetirgna sievrsce boemec yiielcnragsn popular. The evidence is that Disney has ceased releasing its films and TV wohss on physical daime formats", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which store announced it can no longer afford to sell eggs due to inflation and soaring prices?\nChoices: (A)Walmart (B)Target (C)Dollar Tree (D)Costco\nEvidence: lDorla Tree, chwih sells most otrcudsp for $1.25, lilw stop selling egsg because teh npymoac can\u2019t amek money offering tmhe at fatl cseipr.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Dollar Tree, which sells most other products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit can\u2019t make money offering the at such a low cost. The Dollar Tree, which sells most other products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit can\u2019t make money offering the at such a low cost. The Dollar Tree, which sells most other products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit can\u2019t make money offering the at such a low cost. The Dollar Tree, which sells most other products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit can\u2019t make money offering the at such a low cost. The Dollar Tree, which sells most other products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit can\u2019t make money offering the at such a low cost. The Dollar Tree, which sells most other products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit can\u2019t make money offering the at such a low cost. The Dollar Tree, which sells most other products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the nonprofit can\u2019t make money offering the at such a low cost. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Talks between the UK, Spain and the EU over the status of Gibraltar have stalled over what?\nChoices: (A)An airport (B)Football results (C)Fishing rights (D)A shipwreck\nEvidence: Downing ettSre has dismissed painS\u2019s ndmdea to eosever control of trlibGraa\u2019s airport, wihhc is technically no na AFR base despite inygl no a wnaorr chtrtse of aldn wetenbe Gairbtlar adn het Spanish tferoinr. The EU is considering allowing the iBhtrsi overseas oytitrerr \u2013 which vedto to remain ni eth lcbo \u2013 to nijo the ncnegheS common evrlta area.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The airport is technically not a military base despite being a wartime RAF base of all Gibraltar and the Spanish territory. The EU is considering allowing the iBhtrsi overseas overseas oytitrerr \u2013 which vedto to remain ni eth lcbo \u2013 to join the ncnegheS common evrlta area. The airport is technically not a military base despite being a wartime RAF base of all Gibraltar and the Spanish territory. The airport is technically not a military base despite being a wartime RAF base of all Gibraltar and the Spanish territory. The airport is technically not a military base despite being a wartime RAF base of all Gibraltar and the Spanish territory. The airport is technically not a military base despite being a wartime RAF base of all Gibraltar and the Spanish territory. The airport is technically not a military base despite being a wartime RAF base of all Gibraltar and the Spanish territory. The airport is technically not a military base despite", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Fourth of July celebrations took place across the US this week with fireworks displays from coast-to-coast. Which city opted for an innovative drone light show instead?\nChoices: (A)Los Angeles (B)Salt Lake City (C)New York City (D)Washington, DC\nEvidence: ueD ot fire threats and nveneamotirln concerns, Salt aeLk iCyt, hUta, etrdi an alternative ayw of celebrating Independence Day hitw ist ritfs-eerv drone show. Watch emso fo eth hrote dazzling aeotslrncbei thta took place across America ereh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Salt Lake City, Utah, opted for an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day instead of fireworks-eerv drone show. Watch the video to see the dazzling displays that took place across America this week. The evidence is that Salt Lake City, Utah, opted for an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day instead of fireworks-eerv drone show. Watch the video to see the dazzling displays that took place across America this week. The evidence is that Salt Lake City, Utah, opted for an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day instead of fireworks-eerv drone show. Watch the video to see the dazzling displays that took place across America this week. The evidence is that Salt Lake City, Utah, opted for an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day instead of fireworks-eerv drone show. Watch the video to see the dazzling displays that took place across America this week. The evidence is that Salt Lake City, Utah, opted for an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day instead of fireworks-eerv drone show. Watch the video to see the dazzling displays that took place across America this week. The evidence is that Salt Lake City, Utah, opted for an alternative way of celebrating", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Demand in the US surged for which flavored Girl Scout cookie, causing major inventory issues?\nChoices: (A)Orange (B)Lime (C)Raspberry (D)Blueberry\nEvidence: Due ot high demand ofr the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents erew nlyteerquf forced ot nexapil the rshtoeag ot nydonae pessporh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie caused major inventory issues. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored. The cookie is a Girl Scout cookie, and the evidence is that the cookie is raspberry flavored.", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: British pop star Ed Sheeran was in court this week after being accused of copying which hit song from 1973?\nChoices: (A)\u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d \u2014 Marvin Gaye (B)\u201cImagine\u201d \u2014 John Lennon (C)\u201cABC\u201d \u2014 The Jackson 5 (D)\u201cBohemian Rhapsody\u201d \u2014 Queen\nEvidence: Ed Sheeran took teh natsd this wkee ni a high-frpiole copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu oduL\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s thi \u201ctLe\u2019s etG tI nO.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973. The song \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On\u201d was written by Marvin Gaye and released in 1973.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: American consumers are finally seeing a dip in grocery prices, data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. Which food item decreased the most in price from February to March?\nChoices: (A)Eggs (B)Strawberries (C)Cereal (D)Ice cream\nEvidence: sEgg adh het most iactmdar rdeeseca, with a nearly 11% decline. ishT comes feart egg ripsce soared ni previous months lyprmiira due to avian ufl, which acertindnos syplpu.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Eggs decreased the most in price from February to March. Egg prices soared in previous months due to avian flu, which affected systemic poultry production. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price from February to March. The evidence shows that egg prices decreased the most in price", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: On what grounds has Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism of Antiquities criticised new Netflix docuseries Queen Cleopatra?\nChoices: (A)The series was filmed in Spain (B)The lead actor\u2019s race (C)Historically inaccurate costumes (D)Too many episodes\nEvidence: pytgE\u2019s Ministry fo mrsouTi dna Antiquities leesraed a snttaemet emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra adh light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn ixleftN for tcasgni British actor ledeA sJaem, who \u201csesesssop African trsfuaee and kdar ksin\u201d. Find out orem on het latest pdeoeis fo hTe kWee Unwrapped sdcatop.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s race. The series was filmed in Spain. The lead actor\u2019s", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Why did German artist Boris Eldagsen refuse to accept a Sony World Photography Award for his image Pseudomnesia: The Electrician?\nChoices: (A)He thought rival entries were better (B)The cash prize was \u201cinadequate\u201d (C)It was generated by artificial intelligence (D)The judges included his former partner\nEvidence: sdEnlgea ideeaxpln no his website ttah eh bmdsteuti the black-dan-etihw egami \u201cas a ceyekh myonek, to find uot if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d. He oceddncul: \u201ceyhT era not.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that he said he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a test, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images of the future\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d The evidence is that he said he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a ceyekh myonek, to find uot if the competitions are prepared for AI images of the future\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d The evidence is that he said he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a ceyekh myonek, to find uot if the competitions are prepared for AI images of the future\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d The evidence is that he said he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a ceyekh myonek, to find uot if the competitions are prepared for AI images of the future\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d The evidence is that he said he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a ceyekh", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately how much of Twitter\u2019s staff?\nChoices: (A)20% (B)40% (C)60% (D)80%\nEvidence: Elon Musk sha iadl off more ntah 6,000 loeepp at Twitter since nkigat over hte onmcpya, eh said ni na interview this ewek. eTh reduction equates ot roughly 80% fo hte myncpoa\u2019s staff.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "D. The evidence is that Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. The question is: Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately how much of Twitter\u2019s staff? The evidence is that Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. The question is: Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately how much of Twitter\u2019s staff? The evidence is that Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. The question is: Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately how much of Twitter\u2019s staff? The evidence is that Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. The question is: Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately how much of Twitter\u2019s staff? The evidence is that Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. The question is: Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately how much of Twitter\u2019s staff? The evidence is that Elon Musk said he\u2019s cut approximately 80% of Twitter\u2019s staff. The question is: Elon Musk said he\u2019", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades?\nChoices: (A)Dolly Parton (B)Madonna (C)Shania Twain (D)Elton John\nEvidence: Elton John\u2019s final utor amec ot an ned with a performance in Stockholm, enedSw, this ohmtn. Ltinse to het heartfelt smeasge he rhedsa hwit his safn.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Elton John. Question: Which legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades? Choices: (A)Dolly Parton (B)Madonna (C)Shania Twain (D)Elton John Evidence: Elton John\u2019s final utor amec ot an ned with a performance in Stockholm, enedSw, this ohmtn. Ltinse to the heartfelt smeasge he rhedsa hwit his safn. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Elton John. Question: Which legendary music artist recently retired after touring for decades? Choices: (A)Dolly Parton (B)Madonna (C)Shania Twain (D)Elton John Evidence: Elton John\u2019s final utor amec ot an ned with a performance in Stockholm, enedSw, this ohmtn. Ltinse to the heartfelt smeasge he rhed", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The UK Space Agency has given \u00a32.9m to Rolls-Royce to develop what for a future Moon base?\nChoices: (A)a\u00a0 thermal battery system (B)a lunar exploration buggy (C)a nuclear micro-reactor (D)a hovercraft for collecting samples\nEvidence: geensrEni nad esisctisnt ta het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twtiehliggh lnreuca micro-reactor to irpvdeo power needed for humans to live and rkow no eth Moon.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that geensrEni and esisctisnt to het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twtiehliggh lnreuca micro-reactor to irpvdeo power needed for humans to live and rkow no eth Moon. The evidence is that geensrEni and esisctisnt to het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twtiehliggh lnreuca micro-reactor to irpvdeo power needed for humans to live and rkow no eth Moon. The evidence is that geensrEni and esisctisnt to het srhtBii engineering atngi rea aiming ot cereta a small and twtiehliggh lnreuca micro-", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which public figure filed paperwork this week to run for president in 2024?\nChoices: (A)Hillary Clinton (B)Sarah Palin (C)Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (D)Rudy Giuliani\nEvidence: Environmental lawyer dna anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Knndyee rJ. has iedlf paperwork to unr for rditpesne ni 2024 sa a rtaecDom. The 69-year-ldo si teh son fo refrom New rYok senator, SU renotaty erelnag adn assassinated 1968 ipdnltsaerie andtidace Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew fo the etla President hnoJ F. Kennedy.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Republican. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, U.S. attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate and attorney general Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy. Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Republican. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, U.S. attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate and attorney general Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy. Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Republican. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, U.S. attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate and attorney general Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy. Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A property dubbed \u201cBritain\u2019s loneliest home\u201d after being put on the market is located where?\nChoices: (A)Yorkshire Dales (B)Outer Hebrides (C)Cumbria (D)Dartmoor\nEvidence: setaEt tneag hFrsei opCeor ash slashed \u00a350,000 ffo het original \u00a3300,000 asking price rfo 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, ihwhc isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel rofm the nearest town, Ingleton.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton. The Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton. The Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton. The Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton. The Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton. The Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton. The Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton. The Bleamoor tasegCot, which is", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Japan has infuriated neighbours with its plans to release what into the ocean?\nChoices: (A)Untreated sewage (B)Radioactive water (C)Diseased dolphins (D)Crude oil\nEvidence: Ever since the 2011 miautns destroyed hte auskmhuiF elancur lntap, Japan has been pupmign awert inot the tsei ot cool the reactor\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, eht onvmegtner plans ot release a mnililo metric tons of stih eardtet iaaedoirtvc water oitn the naeoc, \u201cenough to ifll 500 ilmcyOp-size smimgwni pools\u201d, ot intense tnpisoooip from iCnha nad many Pacific ssinlda.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Japan has been pumping water into the ocean to cool the reactor\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, the operator plans to release a million metric tons of still eardtet radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, despite intense tnpisoooip from Japan and many Pacific ssinlda. The evidence is that Japan has been pumping water into the ocean to cool the reactor\u2019s lefu orsd \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, the operator plans to release a million metric tons of still eardtet radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, despite intense tnpisoooip from Japan and many Pacific ssinlda. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The evidence is that Japan has been pumping water into the ocean to", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Data shows that which infectious disease is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly?\nChoices: (A)Measles (B)Flu (C)Tuberculosis (D)Hepatitis C\nEvidence: Experts fear htat BT rensseerpt a \u201ckgtiicn mobitemb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death arets. etasLt uifrseg eusgstg that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a yda worldwide in 2021.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as the world\u2019s most deadly. The evidence shows that BT is overtaking Covid-19 as", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Around what percentage of Americans tip at quick-service restaurants like coffee shops and pizza places?\nChoices: (A)96% (B)55% (C)30% (D)16%\nEvidence: Experts say Ansremaci are tpinpig lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-ricseve establishments because they feel eeerwolmdhv yb options to tpi iwht a drca no a touchscreen, leading eeolpp ot eb less reegusno.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "16%. The evidence says Americans are tipping less \u2013 only 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel they have options to tip with a debit card or a touchscreen, leading to less respect. The evidence says Americans are tipping less \u2013 only 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel they have options to tip with a debit card or a touchscreen, leading to less respect. The evidence says Americans are tipping less \u2013 only 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel they have options to tip with a debit card or a touchscreen, leading to less respect. The evidence says Americans are tipping less \u2013 only 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel they have options to tip with a debit card or a touchscreen, leading to less respect. The evidence says Americans are tipping less \u2013 only 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel they have options to tip with a debit card or a touchscreen, leading to less respect. The evidence says Americans are tipping less \u2013 only 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel they have options to tip with a", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which social media platform said its users can now apply to receive a share of a $725 million settlement?\nChoices: (A)Instagram (B)Twitter (C)Facebook (D)TikTok\nEvidence: abcFkooe users hwo ahd na active ucacnot between aMy 2007 nda December 2022 can nwo apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement ahrdcee ni a ormja data privacy lacsdna.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that abcFkooe users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement because of a previous data privacy lawsuit. The evidence is that abcFkooe users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement ahrdcee ni a ormja data privacy lacsdna. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The evidence is that abcFkooe users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement ahrdcee ni a ormja data privacy lacsdna. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The evidence is that abcFkooe users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which icon fashion designer died this week at the age of 93?\nChoices: (A)Paco Rabanne (B)Mary Quant (C)Vivienne Westwood (D)Issey Miyake\nEvidence: nFsa worldwide have bene giapyn tribute to the British designer, how oendpreie teh ismkiintr. \u201cynOl teh Beatles are more oselcly tied ot hte glndee that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s than ryaM autnQ,\u201d siad The Guardian.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Mary Quant. The Beatles are more closely tied to the glamor of London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant. The evidence is that fashionistas worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, how she embraced the issue. \u201cThe Beatles are more closely tied to the glamour of London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian. The evidence is that fashionistas worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, how she embraced the issue. \u201cThe Beatles are more closely tied to the glamour of London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian. The evidence is that fashionistas worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, how she embraced the issue. \u201cThe Beatles are more closely tied to the glamour of London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian. The evidence is that fashionistas worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, how she embraced the issue. \u201cThe Beatles are more closely tied to the glamour of London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian. The evidence is that fashionistas worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, how she embraced the issue.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Ron deSantis announced his 2024 presidential bid on which social media platform?\nChoices: (A)TikTok (B)Twitter (C)Facebook (D)Instagram\nEvidence: lairodF Governor DeSantis is the first rjmoa nacdtaedi ever to announce their run rfo tenresidp no social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe no daseyedWn. tBu het cmanpaig auhlcn was marred by iecchtlan glitches nad audio opbremls, as the cslioa network\u2019s servers drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg in demand.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Governor DeSantis is the first Republican candidate ever to announce their run for president on a social media platform, during a live interview with Elon Musk on Twitter. The announcement was marred by technical glitches and audio issues, as the social network\u2019s servers drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg in demand. The evidence is that Governor DeSantis is the first Republican candidate ever to announce their run for president on a social media platform, during a live interview with Elon Musk on Twitter. The announcement was marred by technical glitches and audio issues, as the social network\u2019s servers drugsletg ot ocep twih eht uresg in demand. The evidence is that Governor DeSantis is the first Republican candidate ever to announce their run for president on a social media platform, during a live interview with Elon Musk on Twitter. The announcement was marred by technical glitches and audio issues, as the social network\u2019s servers drugsletg ot ocep twih eht ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches?\nChoices: (A)68 (B)80 (C)96 (D)104\nEvidence: lFootlab\u2019s loglba governing body iFaf hsa confirmed ahtt eth tntnaormue \u2013 ngbei co-etohsd by the SU, aaadCn nda Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 amets, which illw require 40 sgema ermo than eth 64 played in Qatar last arey.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly revealed format for the 2026 World Cup features a total of how many matches? The newly", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which fruit holds the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list of nonorganic produce with the most pesticides?\nChoices: (A)Peaches (B)Strawberries (C)Apples (D)Grapes\nEvidence: orF another year ni a row, strawberries continue ot hold the opt pots on eth Dirty enoDz tlis with the smot pesticides, eht SU tptmDrneae of ucrtegArilu announced hsit ewek.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Dirty Dozen list is a list of twelve fruits and vegetables that are grown conventionally and have the most pesticide residue. The list is based on the Environmental Working Group\u2019s (EWG) annual Shopper\u2019s Guide to Pesticides in Produce. The Dirty Dozen list is a list of twelve fruits and vegetables that are grown conventionally and have the most pesticide residue. The list is based on the Environmental Working Group\u2019s (EWG) annual Shopper\u2019s Guide to Pesticides in Produce. The Dirty Dozen list is a list of twelve fruits and vegetables that are grown conventionally and have the most pesticide residue. The list is based on the Environmental Working Group\u2019s (EWG) annual Shopper\u2019s Guide to Pesticides in Produce. The Dirty Dozen list is a list of twelve fruits and vegetables that are grown conventionally and have the most pesticide residue. The list is based on the Environmental Working Group\u2019s (EWG) annual Shopper\u2019s Guide to Pesticides in Produce. The Dirty Dozen list is a list of twelve fruits and vegetables that", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week?\nChoices: (A)Labrador Retriever (B)French Bulldog (C)Goldendoodle (D)Husky\nEvidence: For eht trsfi tmie ni 31 years, teh Labrador Retriever has eneb teuedans sa the most popular ogd breed in eth SU, cgndracoi to the neaicArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. iTgnak its place si eth uetc and compact nhercF Bulldog.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The Labrador Retriever is the US\u2019 favorite dog breed, according to new statistics from the American Kennel Club released this week. For the 31st time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has remained the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the national American Kennel Club\u2019s annual statistics. Taking its place is the unique and compact French Bulldog. The answer is A. For the 31st time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has remained the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the national American Kennel Club\u2019s annual statistics. Taking its place is the unique and compact French Bulldog. For the 31st time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has remained the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the national American Kennel Club\u2019s annual statistics. Taking its place is the unique and compact French Bulldog. For the 31st time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has remained the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the national American Kennel Club\u2019s annual statistics. Taking its place is the unique and compact French Bulldog. For the 31s", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The CDC issued new guidelines this week for people looking to import which type of animal into the US?\nChoices: (A)Fish (B)Dogs (C)Snakes (D)Birds\nEvidence: For the rftis emti in 70 years, het DCC is gganihcn who dogs aer imported iont eht SU to prevent rabies from arriving mfro aroesevs.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing dogs to be imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing dogs to be imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing dogs to be imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing dogs to be imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing dogs to be imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing dogs to be imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing dogs to be imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing dogs to be imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing dogs to be imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from abroad. The evidence is that the CDC is allowing", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which automaker recalled around 125,000 SUVs and trucks this week?\nChoices: (A)Ford (B)Toyota (C)Mercedes (D)BMW\nEvidence: rFdo aeasppr to be acinfg orem irnguntufcmaa rmesbpol. eSe the edlosm affected by the latest recall.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "BMW. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected around 125,000 SUVs and trucks. The latest recall affected", "pred": "D", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which automaker recalled more than 870,000 trucks because the parking brake could engage unexpectedly?\nChoices: (A)Ram (B)Chevrolet (C)Ford (D)GMC\nEvidence: rodF recalled hundreds fo thousands of F-150 trucks tish week deu to a piargnk arkeb usesi. So rfa, the akomtuare si aware of 299 instances of het parking brake iivancgtat unintentionally, ciundigln ta taels 19 hlewi teh vehicle asw being driven.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake releasing unintentionally, including 19 while the vehicle was being driven. Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake releasing unintentionally, including 19 while the vehicle was being driven. Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake releasing unintentionally, including 19 while the vehicle was being driven. Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake releasing unintentionally, including 19 while the vehicle was being driven. Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake releasing unin", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which public figure this week announced she will launch a healthy food and beverage company for kids?\nChoices: (A)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Melania Trump (C)Former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D)Former New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern\nEvidence: romerF stFir Lady Michelle mabOa odcennnau Wnsaedyde taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv moyncap for kids ot help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d ni the SU.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Michelle Obama. Question: Which public figure this week announced she will launch a healthy food and beverage company for kids? Choices: (A)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Melania Trump (C)Former first lady Michelle Obama (A)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Melania Trump (C)Former first lady Michelle Obama (A)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Melania Trump (C)Former first lady Michelle Obama (A)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Melania Trump (C)Former first lady Michelle Obama (A)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle Obama (B)Former first lady Michelle", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: In an unprecedented court appearance, former President Donald Trump was arraigned this week on how many criminal charges?\nChoices: (A)6 (B)13 (C)22 (D)34\nEvidence: eromrF President Donald Trump pleaded otn guilty ot 34 felony criminal csregha of yfnagiflis business drescor ni tMhananta criminal roctu dsyaTeu.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is 34. The answer is", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which public figure is gearing up to launch a 2024 presidential campaign in a matter of days?\nChoices: (A)Twitter CEO Elon Musk (B)Former Vice President Mike Pence (C)California Gov. Gavin Newsom (D)Vice President Kamala Harris\nEvidence: moeFrr Vice dePseitrn ekMi enePc will unclha his 2024 atedseirplni campaign on neuJ 7 with an announcement video adn a speech in aIow, otw ucessro familiar with eth plans ltle NNC.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Vice President Mike Pence. The evidence is that former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on Nov. 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa. The evidence is that former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on Nov. 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa. The evidence is that former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on Nov. 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa. The evidence is that former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on Nov. 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa. The evidence is that former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on Nov. 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa. The evidence is that former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on Nov. 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa. The evidence is that former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on Nov. 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa. The evidence is that former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on Nov. 7 with an announcement video", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A top chef banned which diners from his Australian restaurant \u201cfor mental health reasons\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Children (B)Vegans (C)Celiacs (D)Teetotallers\nEvidence: Former \u201cGreat rBitshi Meun\u201d star John intnuaoM, nrlaiglyio from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme no social media telling vegans ot \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a vegteani eiwerv from a non-meta aeetr. On the Facebook apge of shi hPter urtsarntae, yFer, eh added that \u201clla eanvsg are now ednban\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef banned vegans from his restaurant. The evidence shows that the chef", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: NASA this week announced the names of the astronauts who will be sent on a historic journey around the moon next year aboard the Artemis II rocket. How many astronauts were selected to join the mission?\nChoices: (A)3 (B)4 (C)5 (D)6\nEvidence: uoFr astronauts, including hteer Americans nda noe naadCnai, lliw eb teh first crew sent to orbit the nomo since the Apooll pgamror edden rmeo tnha 50 years ago.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence states that six astronauts were selected to join the mission. The question asks how many astronauts were selected to join the mission. The answer is six. The evidence states that six astronauts were selected to join the mission. The question asks how many astronauts were selected to join the mission. The answer is six. The evidence states that six astronauts were selected to join the mission. The question asks how many astronauts were selected to join the mission. The answer is six. The evidence states that six astronauts were selected to join the mission. The question asks how many astronauts were selected to join the mission. The answer is six. The evidence states that six astronauts were selected to join the mission. The question asks how many astronauts were selected to join the mission. The answer is six. The evidence states that six astronauts were selected to join the mission. The question asks how many astronauts were selected to join the mission. The answer is six. The evidence states that six astronauts were selected to join the mission. The question asks how many astronauts were selected to join the mission. The answer is six. The evidence states that six astronauts were selected to join the mission. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: According to marine researchers, which type of aquatic denizen has been increasingly detected in waters off New York and New Jersey?\nChoices: (A)Humpback whales (B)Great white sharks (C)Piranhas (D)Electric eels\nEvidence: Four egrta wehti ahrsks have ebne detected swimming off the coast in the stap efw ewske. They lal pearpa to eb making hrite annual migration omrf het Fodialr Keys up to the SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, according to the rfnnotopi emiran hacerser ropug OCEARCH.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the step of great white sharks. They appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, according to the OCEARCH. The evidence is that four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the step of great white sharks. They appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, according to the OCEARCH. The evidence is that four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the step of great white sharks. They appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the SU ertahtNso nad andaCa, according to the OCEARCH. The evidence is that four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the step of great white sharks. They appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the SU ert", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Authorities are searching for several men after they recently escaped from jail in which state?\nChoices: (A)Alabama (B)Mississippi (C)South Carolina (D)Maine\nEvidence: Four men asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jail orve het weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dade ni a burned building earft a standoff with thiriasueot, and a second asw peaderndphe ni Texas. As fo Friday, eusritthoia were continuing their haresc rof the wot surviving edecaps tsmaeni.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Authorities are searching for several men after they recently escaped from jail in which state? Choices: (A)Alabama (B)Mississippi (C)South Carolina (D)Maine Evidence: Four men asepdce mfro a ssissiMippi jail orve het weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dade ni a burned building earft a standoff with thiriasueot, and a second asw peaderndphe ni Texas. As fo Friday, eusritthoia were continuing their haresc rof the wot surviving edecaps tsmaeni. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: Authorities are searching for several men after they recently escaped from jail in which state? Choices: (A)Alabama (B)Mississippi (C)South Carolina (D)Maine Evidence: Four men asepd", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Fox News rocked the media world this week when it announced it would part ways with which top-rated host?\nChoices: (A)Sean Hannity (B)Tucker Carlson (C)Bret Baier (D)Laura Ingraham\nEvidence: Fox wseN and Tucker Carlson, the ghitr-wing eitemtxrs who edtosh the ntkreow\u2019s iperm meti 8 p.m. rhou, have reesvde ties, het ewotkrn said ni a tugsnnni nnconuanetem on Monday.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Tucker Carlson. The evidence is Tucker Carlson, the right-wing host who was Fox News\u2019s 8 p.m. host. Tucker Carlson, the right-wing host who was Fox News\u2019s 8 p.m. host, has reesvded ties, the executive said in a Tuesday news conference. Tucker Carlson, the right-wing host who was Fox News\u2019s 8 p.m. host, has reesvded ties, the executive said in a Tuesday news conference. Tucker Carlson, the right-wing host who was Fox News\u2019s 8 p.m. host, has reesvded ties, the executive said in a Tuesday news conference. Tucker Carlson, the right-wing host who was Fox News\u2019s 8 p.m. host, has reesvded ties, the executive said in a Tuesday news conference. Tucker Carlson, the right-wing host who was Fox News\u2019s 8 p.m. host, has reesvded ties, the executive said in a Tuesday news conference. Tucker Carlson, the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which Fox News host parted ways with the network this week?\nChoices: (A)Sean Hannity (B)Laura Ingraham (C)Tucker Carlson (D)Bret Baier\nEvidence: Fox ewsN ndnuoenac the perim-time host\u2019s atpbur rreutadep no oynMda, less tahn a week etraf agreeing to ayp $787.5m to settle a indaaomeft case ni which Carlson elyadp a starring orel.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson was the host who parted ways with the network this week. The evidence is that Carlson", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which news organization this week agreed to the largest publicly known defamation settlement in US history?\nChoices: (A)Fox News (B)Newsmax (C)Breitbart News (D)The Daily Caller\nEvidence: Fox eswN wlil pay eorm ntha $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etsSsmy after the two siesd deagre ot a astl-minute settlement ysdeaTu in het lvseexipo aeafimdnot case brought aiantgs eth right-wing network.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Fox News. The Daily Caller is a conservative news organization. Fox News will pay more than $787 million to the nonpartisan group Democracy Voting after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement deal in the largest publicly known defamation settlement in US history. Fox News will pay more than $787 million to the nonpartisan group Democracy Voting after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement deal in the largest publicly known defamation settlement in US history. Fox News will pay more than $787 million to the nonpartisan group Democracy Voting after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement deal in the largest publicly known defamation settlement in US history. Fox News will pay more than $787 million to the nonpartisan group Democracy Voting after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement deal in the largest publicly known defamation settlement in US history. Fox News will pay more than $787 million to the nonpartisan group Democracy Voting after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement deal in the largest publicly known defamation settlement in US history. Fox News will pay more than $787 million to the nonpartisan group Democracy Voting after the two sides", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Locals in a Berlin suburb were told to stay indoors with their pets after reports that what was on the loose?\nChoices: (A)A bear (B)A lioness (C)A tiger (D)A wolf\nEvidence: German authorities warned locals in erniBl\u2019s rnouhtes suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a eeamlf lion aws ta elgra. Two eswsnseit reported sneieg a ibg cat running rftea adn llnikgi a widl orba, cdcingrao to icupbl broadcaster BBR. \u201ceW ndo\u2019t know wereh ti came from,\u201d isad cipleo pnmasoesk enliDa Kiep. oN naebry ozso, circuses or ssritaeucan seem to be missing one.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on the loose. The evidence is that a lioness was on", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which soccer team was shockingly knocked out of the Women\u2019s World Cup this week?\nChoices: (A)United States (B)Germany (C)France (D)England\nEvidence: Germany, eht wto-emti champion mtae, asw dramatically knocked out of the World Cpu on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 adwr ithw South rKeao.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Germany, the two-time defending champion, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 draw with South Korea. The evidence is that Germany, the two-time defending champion, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 draw with South Korea. The evidence is that Germany, the two-time defending champion, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 draw with South Korea. The evidence is that Germany, the two-time defending champion, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 draw with South Korea. The evidence is that Germany, the two-time defending champion, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 draw with South Korea. The evidence is that Germany, the two-time defending champion, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: New research suggests babies born in the wealthiest parts of London can expect to live for how much longer than those born in Glasgow?\nChoices: (A)4.5 years (B)6 years (C)9 years (D)12 years\nEvidence: Glasgow has na average elif expectancy of 76 aresy, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm area, odgrcnaic ot an analysis fo NSO data yb hateHl suqEal. The campaign rugop abledm \u201crsgnlatti\u201d glareoni disparities on udsadsrnatb housing, ropo nitoaudce and poverty. Find uot more wiht eTh eWek Unwrapped tpocsda.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The average life expectancy of Glasgow is 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s saftadeapm area. Therefore, the difference is 9 years. The average life expectancy of Glasgow is 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s saftadeapm area. Therefore, the difference is 9 years. The average life expectancy of Glasgow is 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s saftadeapm area. Therefore, the difference is 9 years. The average life expectancy of Glasgow is 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s saftadeapm area. Therefore, the difference is 9 years. The average life expectancy of Glasgow is 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s saftadeapm area. Therefore, the difference is 9 years. The average life expectancy of Glasgow is 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s saftadeapm area. Therefore, the difference is 9 years. The average life expectancy of Glasgow", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Taylor Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to which of her songs?\nChoices: (A)\u201cCruel Summer\u201d (B)\u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d (C)\u201cBlank Space\u201d (D)\u201cAnti-Hero\u201d\nEvidence: Global star orTaly Swift sha re-eesrleda her 2010 almub \u201ckapeS Nwo\u201d as rpta fo an innoggo er-geirdnocr project. But fans are devdidi revo eagcshn ot eth lyrics fo the ablmu\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter hanT eneevgR\u201d. In het original vsreoni, Swift sceausc a girl who ash stolen her voel tiesetrn of being \u201cbetter known for het thngsi atht esh does / On het mattress.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. The evidence is that Swift has retrospectively changed the lyrics to \u201c", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Juneteenth commemorates June 19, 1865, the day Union Maj. Gen. Gordon Granger (pictured here) informed slaves of their emancipation from slavery. In which state did this event take place?\nChoices: (A)Alabama (B)Louisiana (C)Texas (D)Georgia\nEvidence: Granger delivered hte wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn Orders, oN. 3, in Galveston, Texas.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that Granger delivered the wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn Orders, oN. 3, in Galveston, Texas. The evidence is that Granger delivered the wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn Orders, oN. 3, in Galveston, Texas. The evidence is that Granger delivered the wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn Orders, oN. 3, in Galveston, Texas. The evidence is that Granger delivered the wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn Orders, oN. 3, in Galveston, Texas. The evidence is that Granger delivered the wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn Orders, oN. 3, in Galveston, Texas. The evidence is that Granger delivered the wsne, woknn sa aeeGlrn Orders, ", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Residents in which country moved their clocks forward last weekend to Daylight Saving Time for the last time?\nChoices: (A)Turkey (B)Lebanon (C)Germany (D)Greenland\nEvidence: Greenland\u2019s mniatarlep vdoet to kctis ot ayhDitgl Saving Times in order to give people ni the siaDhn semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to od neibssus with eEropu and rotNh Amrceai. dnFi otu more thiw The Week wdpUnarep odtacsp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Greenland. The evidence is that Greenland\u2019s government decided to keep Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-independent, semi-", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Another American community is reeling in the wake of a school shooting that occurred in which city this week?\nChoices: (A)Houston (B)Sacramento (C)Nashville (D)Portland\nEvidence: Gfrei-stricken Nashville sitseernd aemc ortetghe for a vilgi dnaeedyWs to uonrm three 9-ryae-old hcedlnir dna three adults kildle in eth mass shooting ta a private Christian ohcols.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Question: Another American community is reeling in the wake of a school shooting that occurred in which city this week? Choices: (A)Houston (B)Sacramento (C)Nashville (D)Portland Evidence: Gfrei-stricken Nashville sits grief-stricken as it aemc ortetghe for a vilgi dnaedyWs to uonrm three 9-year-old hcedlnir dna three adults kildle in a mass shooting at a private Christian ohcols. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. Question: Another American community is reeling in the wake of a school shooting that occurred in which city this week? Choices: (A)Houston (B)Sacramento (C)Nashville (D)Portland Evidence: Gfrei-stricken Nashville sits aweseernd aemc ortetghe for a vilgi d", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The nominees for the 75th Emmy Awards \u2014 television\u2019s top honor \u2014 were announced this week. Which show received the most nominations?\nChoices: (A)\u201cSuccession\u201d (B)\u201cTed Lasso\u201d (C)\u201cThe White Lotus\u201d (D)\u201cThe Bear\u201d\nEvidence: HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d dle htwi 27 yEmm nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d iwth 24. Teh mEmy sarAdw are currently scheduled for Spbeermet 18. (HOB, ihcwh like CNN, si owned yb Warner rsBo. Discovery.).\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The nominees for the 75th Emmy Awards \u2014 television\u2019s top honor \u2014 were announced this week. Which show received the most nominations? HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Story of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.). HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, wofellod by \u201cheT sLta of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy awards", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Hackers threatened to leak stolen data from which tech company unless it pays a $4.5 million ransom and changes its controversial pricing policy?\nChoices: (A)Twitter (B)Reddit (C)Facebook (D)Google\nEvidence: Hackers from a waeaosrnmr gagn rea reatetihngn ot alke 80 ygtabiges of confidential data ofrm Reddit taht they cimal to have stolen during a byerFrua breach, according ot a opst fmor the pgrou no the ardk web, ichwh wsa reviewed by NNC and an pdeteeindnn crsibcueteyry expert.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Twitter. Hackers from a wanaosrnmr rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea rea ", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which state is adding more homeless people every year than any other state in the US?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)Nevada (C)California (D)New York\nEvidence: lHaf fo all Americans ignilv idtesuo on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More htna 170,000 unhoused people ucrlrenyt live in het state \u2014 nda that rugeif is wnriggo, leaderf aadt shows.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The evidence shows that the homeless population in California is increasing. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden?\nChoices: (A)Home office (B)Spa pool complex (C)Fountain (D)Tennis court\nEvidence: nnhHaa Ingram-Moore nad her husband rwee nteardg permission ot build an iecffo in eth duosgnr of their Bedfordshire ehom, ot eb used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain omT Foundation and tis charitable objectives\u201d, tbu enht added a olpo unlbdigi nda padeipl for retrospective permission. heyT have won neeb derdore to sihmedlo the lpoo spa complex feart the cvesteroerpti application wsa denied.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that the structure was a spa pool complex. The evidence shows that the daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The evidence shows that the daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The evidence shows that the daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The evidence shows that the daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The evidence shows that the daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The evidence shows that the daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The evidence shows that the daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The evidence shows that the daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered to demolish what unauthorised structure in her garden? The evidence shows that the daughter of late NHS fundraiser Captain Sir Tom Moore was ordered", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which public figure will plead guilty to federal tax charges?\nChoices: (A)Donald Trump (B)Hillary Clinton (C)Hunter Biden (D)Nancy Pelosi\nEvidence: nuHtre indeB, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy ot two axt dmsnoiereasm adn struck a deal with earlfed prosecutors ot resolve a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, the etisuJc Department said sdeTyau in ocurt ilisgnf. sA part of the plea agreement, the ODJ ash agreed ot recommend a tsnenece of iatboporn for hte two usncto of ilgfina ot ypa taxes in a timely etmtar orf teh years 2017 and 2018, according to cseours.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that Hunter Biden, the son of Vice President Joe Biden, will plead guilty to two axt dmsnoiereasm and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a lnfeyo ngu rahceg, the etisuJc Department said sdeTyau in ocurt ilisgnf. sA part of the plea agreement, the ODJ ash agreed ot recommend a tsnenece of iatboporn for the two usncto of ilgfina ot ypa taxes in a timely etmtar orf teh years 2017 and 2018, according to cseours. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The evidence is that nuHtre indeB, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy ot two axt dmsnoierea", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Summer is also state fair season. Which state fair is the largest in the US?\nChoices: (A)Minnesota State Fair (B)Wisconsin State Fair (C)Iowa State Fair (D)State Fair of Texas\nEvidence: nI 2022, the State iFra fo sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors turhgho sit aegst.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "State Fair of Texas. The State Fair of Texas is the largest state fair in the US. In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State Fair of Texas. The largest state fair in the US is the State", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire?\nChoices: (A)Engineered human meat (B)Lab-grown chicken/cow hybrids (C)Fingernail crisps (D)Insect formula milk\nEvidence: nI Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg alWleca: The rBishti Miracle eatM\u201d, het MasterChef co-host eailcdm to eb iitivsgn a aocympn ahtt sold \u201creeeindgen human meat\u201d grown ofrm slcise fo hfsel surgically eresdahvt mfro elar people. ehT mockumentary sah dprekas mptnaolcis to moOfc from viewers hwo believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks sa a way ot batmco the cost-fo-ignliv crisis.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost-of-living crisis in a newly aired TV satire? Gregg Wallace presented what alleged food innovation to combat the cost", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which popular European travel destination is seeing triple-digit temperatures that recently left several tourists incapacitated due to heat stroke?\nChoices: (A)London (B)Rome (C)Amsterdam (D)Berlin\nEvidence: nI Italy, na intensifying ahte evaw hsa already claimed at lseat one iefl and left several tourists ni Rmoe cicdtatapeina eud to hate rektso, officials said.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Rome. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are. Choices A through D are London Rome, Amsterdam, and Berlin. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through D are all incorrect. Choices A through", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which annual sports event declared a \u201cwar on wee\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Royal Ascot (B)London Marathon (C)Cheltenham Festival (D)Six Nations\nEvidence: In a idb to tvrneep racegoers from inrtiugna ni public during this weke\u2019s meiegnt, teehhmnCla Council provided liquid-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot residents and businesses. Officials in hte chsrrietselGuoe tnwo also uoerdpcd a rsteop showing a nma dan a nwoma gniepe against a eter, with the nosagl: \u201cHave fun this earc ewke but remember uro town sni\u2019t uryo toilet.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Royal Ascot. The London Marathon is not an annual sports event. The London Marathon is a yearly event. The London Marathon is not an annual sports event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The London Marathon is not a yearly event. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to what type of incidents?\nChoices: (A)Bike theft (B)Mental health (C)Fraud (D)Loitering\nEvidence: nI a letter ot hhetla and social erca essbso, etM Police commissioner Mark Rowley asedtt his nienotitn ot order sfrcefoi ton ot attend mental health incidents rmfo 31 gAtsuu ondawsr. Rleywo argued eth mveo is nsecaryes sa officers are being \u201ctdvdeire from their core role fo fighting cimer\u201d, inlglca the renutrc utstoaiin \u201cuntenable\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to what type of incidents? Question: The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend emergency calls linked to what type of incidents? Choices: (A)Bike theft (B)Mental health (C)Fraud (D)Loitering Evidence: nI a letter ot hhetla and social erca essbso, etM Police commissioner Mark Rowley asedtt his nienotitn ot order sfrcefoi ton ot attend mental health incidents rmfo 31 gAtsuu ondawsr. Rleywo argued eth mveo is nsecaryes sa officers are being \u201ctdvdeire from their core role fo fighting cimer\u201d, inlglca the renutrc utstoaiin \u201cuntenable\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The Metropolitan Police has said it will no longer attend", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Keir Starmer vowed to be bolder and \u201cgo beyond\u201d which former Labour PM on public service reform?\nChoices: (A)Harold Wilson (B)James Callaghan (C)Tony Blair (D)Gordon Brown\nEvidence: nI a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead fo Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, taermrS legpedd to dale a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii aubto lrae acghne\u201d by overhauling public rcssieev including het SNH. The Lrabuo leader also unveiled plans ot help srfti-emti home buyers, nda a revamp fo tuition sfee.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Harold Wilson was the PM from 1976 to 1979. He was a pragmatist who pushed through a number of reforms, including the creation of the National Health Service. He was also a pragmatist who pushed through a number of reforms, including the creation of the National Health Service. He was also a pragmatist who pushed through a number of reforms, including the creation of the National Health Service. He was also a pragmatist who pushed through a number of reforms, including the creation of the National Health Service. He was also a pragmatist who pushed through a number of reforms, including the creation of the National Health Service. He was also a pragmatist who pushed through a number of reforms, including the creation of the National Health Service. He was also a pragmatist who pushed through a number of reforms, including the creation of the National Health Service. He was also a pragmatist who pushed through a number of reforms, including the creation of the National Health Service. He was also ", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Commons privileges committee would have suspended Boris Johnson from Parliament for how long over Partygate if he were still an MP?\nChoices: (A)10 days (B)30 days (C)90 days (D)120 days\nEvidence: nI a reotpr published no yTdasuhr, the privileges committee said that dha sJonhno not ladarey nidgeres, eh should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for yterbalediel misleading sMP rove Partygate.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The committee said that Johnson did not lie, but he should have received a three-month suspension for misleading MPs over Partygate. The committee said that Johnson did not lie, but he should have received a three-month suspension for misleading MPs over Partygate. The committee said that Johnson did not lie, but he should have received a three-month suspension for misleading MPs over Partygate. The committee said that Johnson did not lie, but he should have received a three-month suspension for misleading MPs over Partygate. The committee said that Johnson did not lie, but he should have received a three-month suspension for misleading MPs over Partygate. The committee said that Johnson did not lie, but he should have received a three-month suspension for misleading MPs over Partygate. The committee said that Johnson did not lie, but he should have received a three-month suspension for misleading MPs over Partygate. The committee said that Johnson did not lie, but he should have received a three-month suspension for misleading MPs over Partygate. The committee said that Johnson did not lie, but he should have received a three-month suspension", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which world leader announced this week that he and his wife of 18 years were splitting up?\nChoices: (A)Emmanuel Macron (B)Justin Trudeau (C)Anthony Albanese (D)Olaf Scholz\nEvidence: In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime ntriesim and hsi wife, mofrer TV presenter Sophie rgioG\u00e9re aeurudT, sida yeth adh ediddce to eraeastp ollwgnfoi \u201cmany iugefmlann dna difficult conversations\u201d. Tehy ewer married in atolnreM ni 2005 and vhae three nrcidelh together.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Macron and his wife, former TV presenter Brigitte, said they had yet to decide how to handle the separation after \u201cmany difficult conversations\u201d. The couple married in 2005 and had three children together. Macron and his wife, former TV presenter Brigitte, said they had yet to decide how to handle the separation after \u201cmany difficult conversations\u201d. The couple married in 2005 and had three children together. Macron and his wife, former TV presenter Brigitte, said they had yet to decide how to handle the separation after \u201cmany difficult conversations\u201d. The couple married in 2005 and had three children together. Macron and his wife, former TV presenter Brigitte, said they had yet to decide how to handle the separation after \u201cmany difficult conversations\u201d. The couple married in 2005 and had three children together. Macron and his wife, former TV presenter Brigitte, said they had yet to decide how to handle the separation after \u201cmany difficult conversations\u201d. The couple married in 2005 and had three children together. Macron and his wife, former TV presenter Brigitte, said they had yet to decide how to handle the separation after \u201cmany difficult conversations\u201d. The couple married in 2005 and", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: More than 100 reports of hail were recorded in the South and Upper Midwest this week amid raging storms. According to officials, some of the largest hail was the size of which item?\nChoices: (A)Penny (B)Golf ball (C)Softball (D)Basketball\nEvidence: In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 utjs grlear than a lotfalsb \u2013 nedria wdon on neighborhoods while osme wnseetr sbsuurb fo agoCchi aws hail the size of bbelsalas.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is that some of the largest hail was the size of a golf ball. The question is asking which item. The evidence is", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d?\nChoices: (A)80% (B)74% (C)62% (D)33%\nEvidence: In linplog rfo The Times, 62% of niailllesmn adis the Tories deserved ot eols the tnex election. lnOy 21% said htey would teov Conservative if an einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What percentage of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d? Choices: (A)80% (B)74% (C)62% (D)33% Evidence: In linplog rfo The Times, 62% of niailllesmn adis the Tories deserved ot eols the tnex election. lnOy 21% said htey would teov Conservative if an einlotce eewr dhel ootwrmro. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: What percentage of millennials (aged 25-40) believe that the Conservatives \u201cdeserve to lose the next election\u201d? Choices: (A)80% (B)74% (C)62% (D)33% Evidence: In linplog rfo The Times, 62% of niailllesmn adis the Tories deserved ot ", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of the world\u2019s population is affected by infertility, according to research from the World Health Organization (WHO)?\nChoices: (A)5% (B)12.2% (C)17.5% (D)20.1%\nEvidence: In the OWH\u2019s first estimates fo infertility eleencvpar ni ermo hnat a decade, it was found thta about 17.5% of eth global utlda population lilw nreeeexipc iitetyrilnf. Based no more than 100 isudest tenebwe 1990 nda 2021, the results owhs limited onavitari between gsenroi and nwetebe hhgi, middle nad low-eoimnc terinsuco. \u201cFro ililnmso undora the world, the path ot parenthood acn eb iltdffciu to access, if not esmiboplsi,\u201d said Dr rTesod aAhmnod Ghebreyesus, the OWH icdrtreo general.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "17.5%. In the OWH\u2019s first estimates fo infertility eleencvpar ni ermo hnat a decade, it was found thta about 17.5% of eth global utlda population lilw nreeeexipc iitetyrilnf. Based no more than 100 isudest tenebwe 1990 nda 2021, the results owhs limited onavitari between gsenroi and nwetebe hhgi, middle nad low-eoimnc terinsuco. \u201cFro ililnmso undora the world, the path ot parenthood acn eb iltdffciu to access, if not esmiboplsi,\u201d said Dr rTesod aAhmnod Ghebreyesus, the OWH icdrtreo general. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which state passed a bill this week banning most sales of assault-style weapons?\nChoices: (A)New York (B)California (C)Washington (D)Tennessee\nEvidence: In het akwe fo evalrse recent smas soosgniht, Wagsnthion\u2019s ictaDrceom ovG. Jay Inslee this eekw signed a wseadtiet ban no smto slsea of uslasta-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor this week signed a bill banning most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor this week signed a bill banning most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor this week signed a bill banning most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor this week signed a bill banning most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor this week signed a bill banning most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor this week signed a bill banning most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. In the wake of the recent school shooting, Washington\u2019s governor this week signed a bill banning most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle. In", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which European city is launching a \u201cStay Away\u201d campaign to deter Brits from visiting?\nChoices: (A)Amsterdam (B)Naples (C)Budapest (D)Prague\nEvidence: Internet sures ni Britain how use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being agtderte with pop-up esvido awnigrn fo the oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkrdu and rowdy ni the Dchut paciatl.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Amsterdam. Question: Which European city is launching a \u201cStay Away\u201d campaign to deter Brits from visiting? Choices: (A)Amsterdam (B)Naples (C)Budapest (D)Prague Evidence: Internet sures ni Britain how use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being agtderte with pop-up esvido awnigrn fo the oceequnsnsec fo ggeintt nkrdu and rowdy ni the Dchut paciatl. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Amsterdam. Question: Which European city is launching a \u201cStay Away\u201d campaign to deter Brits from visiting? Choices: (A)Amsterdam (B)Naples (C)Budapest (D)Prague Evidence: Internet sures ni Britain how use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being agtderte", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: An EU spat has broken out over Ireland\u2019s plans to label which product with detailed health warnings?\nChoices: (A)Junk food (B)Alcoholic drinks (C)Fizzy drinks (D)E-cigarette vapes\nEvidence: rlndIea lwli be the first country ni the world to mandate sbllea on lciaolhoc kdsrin aginnrw of the iksrs fo encrca and rilev aesesid and fo drinking in pregnancy, and listing ciareol ttnneco and sgrma fo aollcoh. EU besmemr including cFnaer, Iylta dna Spain ahev asked eth European Commission to investigate twhhree the move would contravene UE wla. iFdn uto roem twih The kWee Unwrapped tdsoacp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate sbllea on alcoholic drinks labels informing consumers of the dangers of excess and binge drinking and drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and sugar content for alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. The evidence is that Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate sbllea on alcoholic drinks labels informing consumers of the dangers of excess and binge drinking and drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and sugar content for alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. The evidence is that Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate sbllea on alcoholic drinks labels informing consumers of the dangers of excess and binge drinking and drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and sugar content for alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. The evidence is that Ireland will be the first country in the world", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The saliva of which animal could be the key to sprucing up your garden?\nChoices: (A)Pony (B)Sheep (C)Goat (D)Pig\nEvidence: Isabella Tree, who srun hte Knepp estate in tWes Sussex, told The Times that analim spit si the sreect ot ggiwnor elrluf reos bhssue. \u201cIf uyo lolctec some ilaman aalvsi, eenv if it\u2019s pony psti or emhotsgin, nda anoint htta tletil bti tath you tuc ihwt your cuseetasr, the eznmey in the spit, the talnp nac rade it nda ti goes even crraize,\u201d she otld the paper.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B, Sheep. The evidence is that Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that an animal saliva is the secret to a good garden. \u201cIf you lolctec some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony psti or emhotsgin, and anoint the tletil bti tath you tuc ihwt your cuseetasr, the eznmey in the spit, the talnp nac rade it nda ti goes even crraize,\u201d she told the paper. The evidence is that Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that an animal saliva is the secret to a good garden. \u201cIf uyo lolctec some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony psti or emhotsgin, and anoint the tletil bti tath you tuc ihwt your cuseetasr, the eznmey in the", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which NFL star requested a trade from his longtime home this week?\nChoices: (A)Patrick Mahomes (B)Lamar Jackson (C)Dak Prescott (D)Aaron Donald\nEvidence: It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP irnwen in 2019, si pnoe ot leaving ish longtime oehm iwth hte oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqeertes a datre from the emta this week.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is pnoe ot leaving his longtime home iwth the oreaitBlm esvaRn. eH udqe. The evidence is that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, requested a trade from his longtime home this week. The evidence is that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, requested a trade from his longtime home this week. The evidence is that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, requested a trade from his longtime home this week. The evidence is that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, requested a trade from his longtime home this week. The evidence is that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, requested a trade from his longtime home this week. The evidence is that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, requested a trade from his longtime home this week. The evidence is that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, requested a trade from his longtime home this week. The evidence is that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, requested a trade from his longtime home this", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Tourists will need to pay a \u20ac5 entrance fee to see which world-famous site in Rome?\nChoices: (A)The Pantheon (B)Trevi Fountain (C)Spanish Steps (D)Roman Forum\nEvidence: Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the ewn \u20ac5 entrance fee will go sarwodt maintaining eth Pantheon, tbu reeht are eocrncns over teh wne ncgitktei tsyems which hsa dpvreo fciiltduf ot access. Tourists have struggled at other etssi where a efe ash eebn undecodirt, cshu as the lomeussCo, partly because urto eopartosr byu up ekstitc ni bulk.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "The Pantheon. The evidence shows that the fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, and that there are concerns over the wide network of ticketed tourist systems which has delayed free access. The evidence also shows that tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been undecorated, such as the Rome Colosseum, partly because the entrance fee takes up a large bulk. The evidence also shows that the fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, and that there are concerns over the wide network of ticketed tourist systems which has delayed free access. The evidence also shows that tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been undecorated, such as the Rome Colosseum, partly because the entrance fee takes up a large bulk. The evidence also shows that the fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, and that there are concerns over the wide network of ticketed tourist systems which has delayed free access. The evidence also shows that tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been undecorated, such as the Rome Colosseum, partly because the entrance fee takes up a large bulk. The evidence also shows that the fee will go towards maintaining the Panthe", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: How many slaves were estimated to be in the United States in the early 1860s before slavery was outlawed?\nChoices: (A)240,000 (B)390,000 (C)2.4 million (D)3.9 million\nEvidence: tI\u2019s deiestmat ahtt there were emro ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 ewhli only 500,000 Black niiuvidslad lived sa efre persons during that tmei.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that there were more than 240,000 slaves estimated to be in the United States in the early 1860s before slavery was outlawed. The evidence is that there were more than 240,000 slaves estimated to be in the United States in the early 1860s before slavery was outlawed. The evidence is that there were more than 240,000 slaves estimated to be in the United States in the early 1860s before slavery was outlawed. The evidence is that there were more than 240,000 slaves estimated to be in the United States in the early 1860s before slavery was outlawed. The evidence is that there were more than 240,000 slaves estimated to be in the United States in the early 1860s before slavery was outlawed. The evidence is that there were more than 240,000 slaves estimated to be in the United States in the early 1860s before slavery was outlawed. The evidence is that there were more than 240,000 slaves estimated to be in the United States in the early 1860s before slavery was outlawed. The evidence is that there were more than 240,000 slaves estimated to be in the United States in the early", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Uber released its annual list of items forgotten by passengers in cars. Which city took the top spot for being the most forgetful?\nChoices: (A)San Diego, California (B)Jacksonville, Florida (C)Dayton, Ohio (D)Salt Lake City, Utah\nEvidence: Jacksonville, diroFal, adh eth tmos ongteotrf items, including phones, wallets, syke, jewelry nad headphones, nodcrcgia to erbU\u2019s orrpet. San Antonio, Texas, dan mPal Springs, ialCnoifar, took the second dna trhid spots, ecrievpelsyt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Jacksonville, Florida, took the top spot for being the most forgetful. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, according to Uber\u2019s annual list. Jacksonville, Florida, took the top spot for being the most forgetful. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, according to Uber\u2019s annual list. Jacksonville, Florida, took the top spot for being the most forgetful. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, according to Uber\u2019s annual list. Jacksonville, Florida, took the top spot for being the most forgetful. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, according to Uber\u2019s annual list. Jacksonville, Florida, took the top spot for being the most forgetful. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, according to Uber\u2019s annual list. Jacksonville, Florida, took the top spot for being the most forgetful. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, according to Uber\u2019s annual list. Jacksonville, Florida, took the top", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which country is moving forward with its controversial plan to release radioactive water into the ocean?\nChoices: (A)Canada (B)Russia (C)Japan (D)India\nEvidence: Japan illw snoo begin releasing ctiavreodai trawe from het Fukushima nuclear atnlp into eth aenco as aepcs runs tou ot contain the ecandtmnatio lmiertaa. Japan\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias the eterdat ewtra will be highly diluted nda safely deraelse owslyl over easecdd. But esmo tsxrepe and residents are ndcreoecn ttha diluting hte water gtimh otn eb enough ot reduce its impact no marine ilef and local communities.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Japan. The question asks which country is moving forward with its controversial plan to release radioactive water into the ocean. The evidence states that Japan will begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as it runs out of options to contain the contamination. Japan\u2019s official says the radioactive water will be highly diluted and safely degraded over time. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water may not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities. The question asks which country is moving forward with its controversial plan to release radioactive water into the ocean. The evidence states that Japan will begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as it runs out of options to contain the contamination. Japan\u2019s official says the radioactive water will be highly diluted and safely degraded over time. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water may not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities. The question asks which country is moving forward with its controversial plan to release radioactive water into the ocean. The evidence states that Japan will begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukus", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who served as George Washington\u2019s vice president?\nChoices: (A)Benjamin Franklin (B)Thomas Jefferson (C)John Hancock (D)John Adams\nEvidence: John Adams redesv sa the first vice teidpsenr fo the SU nuerd George Washington dan eltra drseev neo remt as hte second president of hte US.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "John Adams. The evidence shows that John Adams served as the first vice president of the United States under George Washington and later was elected as the second president of the United States. The answer is John Adams. Question: Who served as George Washington\u2019s vice president? Choices: (A)Benjamin Franklin (B)Thomas Jefferson (C)John Hancock (D)John Adams Evidence: John Adams redesv sa the first vice teidpsenr fo the SU nuerd George Washington dan eltra drseev neo remt as hte second president of hte US. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is John Adams. The evidence shows that John Adams served as the first vice president of the United States under George Washington and later was elected as the second president of the United States. Question: Who served as George Washington\u2019s vice president? Choices: (A)Benjamin Franklin (B)Thomas Jefferson (C)John Hancock (D)John Adams Evidence: John Adams redesv sa the first vice te", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which professional golfer won the 2023 Masters Tournament?\nChoices: (A)Phil Mickelson (B)Jon Rahm (C)Tiger Woods (D)Scottie Scheffler\nEvidence: Jon Rahm won eth 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at ustaAgu National loGf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket dan snoced eecrar ajorm.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Jon Rah B. Evidence: Jon Rah B. Evidence: Jon Rah B. Evidence: Jon Rah B. Evidence: Jon Rah B. Evidence: Jon Rah B. Evidence: Jon Rah B. Evidence: Jon Rah condi\u0163ii condi\u0163ii incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu incendiu lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103 lumin\u0103", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Why is a Dutch sperm donor who is alleged to have fathered more than 550 children being sued?\nChoices: (A)For not disclosing a genetic health condition (B)For increasing the risk of incest (C)For not paying child support (D)For donating other men\u2019s sperm under his name\nEvidence: hnaJaton Jacob irjeeM si facing a lawsuit brought by the detrehNnla\u2019s DoKnroidn ndianFouot on lhefab fo 25 families who aimlc he aym veha adseinerc teh rsik fo ailcndaetc incest adn inbreeding yb defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Jacob Jacobs is facing a lawsuit brought by the Dutch government\u2019s DoKnroid Indian Family Court on behalf of 25 families who allege he has increased the risk of incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations. Jacobs is facing a lawsuit brought by the Dutch government\u2019s DoKnroid Indian Family Court on behalf of 25 families who allege he has increased the risk of incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations. Jacobs is facing a lawsuit brought by the Dutch government\u2019s DoKnroid Indian Family Court on behalf of 25 families who allege he has increased the risk of incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations. Jacobs is facing a lawsuit brought by the Dutch government\u2019s DoKnroid Indian Family Court on behalf of 25 families who allege he has increased the risk of incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations. Jacobs is facing a lawsuit brought by the Dutch government\u2019s DoKnroid Indian Family Court on behalf of", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: What is another name often used to refer to Juneteenth?\nChoices: (A)Peace Day (B)Equality Day (C)Freedom Day (D)Power Day\nEvidence: Jteehentnu is olsa referred ot sa eedomFr Day, aglon with atnnaimoipcE yDa and Jubilee Day.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that Juneteenth is referred to as a Freedom Day, along with other names such as AtnnaiMoipcE yDa and Jubilee Day. The evidence is that Juneteenth is referred to as a Freedom Day, along with other names such as Jubilee Day. The evidence is that Juneteenth is referred to as a Freedom Day, along with other names such as Jubilee Day. The evidence is that Juneteenth is referred to as a Freedom Day, along with other names such as Jubilee Day. The evidence is that Juneteenth is referred to as a Freedom Day, along with other names such as Jubilee Day. The evidence is that Juneteenth is referred to as a Freedom Day, along with other names such as Jubilee Day. The evidence is that Juneteenth is referred to as a Freedom Day, along with other names such as Jubilee Day. The evidence is that Juneteenth is referred to as a Freedom Day, along with other names such as Jubilee Day. The evidence is that June", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who was sitting on the throne in England when the American colonies declared independence?\nChoices: (A)King Henry VIII (B)Queen Victoria (C)King George III (D)King Charles I\nEvidence: ingK George III si widely remembered rfo owt things: lgonis the American colonies dna ngiog mad \u2013 although eht former may eb a tbi unfair, sa eh idd not develop the policies iwhhc edl ot eth colonists\u2019 war with lEngdan.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. King George III is widely remembered for two things: leading the American colonies and getting mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England. King George III is widely remembered for two things: leading the American colonies and getting mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England. King George III is widely remembered for two things: leading the American colonies and getting mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England. King George III is widely remembered for two things: leading the American colonies and getting mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England. King George III is widely remembered for two things: leading the American colonies and getting mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England. King George III is widely remembered for two things: leading the American", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What was discovered on the White House grounds this week that prompted a multi-agency investigation?\nChoices: (A)An intruder (B)Marijuana (C)A spy balloon (D)Cocaine\nEvidence: baL testing rof a rydopew nbsseactu donuf ta eth eWhti eHosu no nSduay caem ckab positive for acncioe, a skeoaspnm fro the Secret Service said. The betnussac wsa found near the entrance to het West Wing, a location where staff-led ruost of het White House sspa htguhor on their way toni eth lbudiing.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Question: What was discovered on the White House grounds this week that prompted a multi-agency investigation? Choices: (A)An intruder (B)Marijuana (C)A spy balloon (D)Cocaine Evidence: baL testing rof a rydopew nbsseactu donuf ta eth eWhti eHosu no nSduay caem ckab positive for acncioe, a skeoaspnm fro the Secret Service said. The betnussac wsa found near the entrance to het West Wing, a location where staff-led ruost of het White House sspa htguhor on their way toni eth lbudiing. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. Question: What was discovered on the White House grounds this week that prompted a multi-agency investigation? Choices: (A)An intru", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which holiday is considered the \u201cunofficial end of summer\u201d in the US?\nChoices: (A)Flag Day (B)Indepence Day (C)Labor Day (D)Veterans Day\nEvidence: braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad nzgroeeic the American labor etmeonvm, dan ltahguho ti\u2019s tno actually the last day fo smurme, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial ned\u201d sa ti marks het nde fo the cultural summer season \u2014 and het ned of this ziqu!.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Labor Day is a day to honor and grow the American labor etmeonvm, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often deemed the \u201cunofficial end\u201d because it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this year\u2019s summer vacation!. Labor Day is a day to honor and grow the American labor etmeonvm, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often deemed the \u201cunofficial end\u201d because it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this year\u2019s summer vacation!. Labor Day is a day to honor and grow the American labor etmeonvm, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often deemed the \u201cunofficial end\u201d because it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this ziqu!. Labor Day is a day to honor and grow the American labor etmeonvm, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often deemed the \u201cunofficial end\u201d", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Police have reopened their investigation into the murder of hip-hop legend Tupac Shakur by raiding what?\nChoices: (A)A nightclub (B)An office (C)A concert (D)A house\nEvidence: asL Vegas ecplio veah reopened rhiet evianiginttso iont teh durmre of Tupac Shakur. hTe aprrep was shot in September 1996, daeg just 25, in hwta has eocbem eno fo America\u2019s most notorious unsolved rdmrue cases. Police adiedr a esohu ni Henderson, 15 slmie sttehsauo fo the city, zisneig computers, hard virdes nad spceriut, according to CAB News.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Tupac was shot in September 1996, when he was just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved robbery cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, destroying computers, hard drives and personal property, according to CAB News. The evidence shows that Tupac was shot in September 1996, when he was just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved robbery cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, destroying computers, hard drives and personal property, according to CAB News. The evidence shows that Tupac was shot in September 1996, when he was just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved robbery cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, destroying computers, hard drives and personal property, according to CAB News. The evidence shows that Tupac was shot in September 1996, when he was just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved robbery", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which supermarket has been named Britain\u2019s cheapest for a 12th consecutive month?\nChoices: (A)Waitrose (B)Sainsbury\u2019s (C)Aldi (D)Lidl\nEvidence: testLa research yb Whcih? fudno that Aldi ahs remained eth cheapest seetakurrmp icens yaM 2022, ithw na average basket fo goods osngcti \u00a368.60 last tomhn. Lidl asw stju behind ta \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most xepeinesv, at \u00a386.91.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since the year 2022, with an average basket of goods amounting to \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was slightly behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91. Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since the year 2022, with an average basket of goods amounting to \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was slightly behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91. Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since the year 2022, with an average basket of goods amounting to \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was slightly behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91. Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since the year 2022, with an average basket of goods amounting to \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was slightly behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91. Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since the year 2022, with", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which actor paid tribute to Karl Lagerfeld by wearing a giant fluffy cat costume to the 2023 Met Gala?\nChoices: (A)Bill Nighy (B)Pedro Pascal (C)Jared Leto (D)Reg\u00e9-Jean Page\nEvidence: Leto dssreed pu as Legerfeld\u2019s famed tca uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr no Mandyo, which was ehtdme on teh late soniafh sgeinerd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Leto dssreed pu as Legerfeld\u2019s famed tca uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr no Mandyo, which was ehtdme on teh late soniafh sgeinerd. Leto dssreed pu as Legerfeld\u2019s famed tca uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr no Mandyo, which was ehtdme on teh late soniafh sgeinerd. Leto dssreed pu as Legerfeld\u2019s famed tca uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr no Mandyo, which was ehtdme on teh late soniafh sgeinerd. Leto dssreed pu as Legerfeld\u2019s famed tca uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr no Mandy", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: How much did taxpayers reportedly pay per day for compensation payments to sacked employees during Liz Truss\u2019s time in Downing Street?\nChoices: (A)\u00a334,000 (B)\u00a3340 (C)\u00a33,400 (D)\u00a3340,000\nEvidence: Liz Truss\u2019s brefi reign reportedly cost ptryeasxa nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snotmopceian sentyapm ot sacked irisemtsn, dvaseisr and officials. laffOiic adat hssow that caieslp advisers were ipda a total of \u00a32.9 million ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw their sebsso weer vieng the boot. uTsrs herself evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec pay, ftaer reh iimn-budget sdkapre chaos in eth financial markets.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snotmopceian sentyapm ot sacked advisers, dvaseisr and officials. The laffOiic adat hssow that caieslp advisers were ipda a total of \u00a32.9 million ni nrcavesee wrsdaa enhw their sebsso weer vieng the boot. uTsrs herself evedcrie \u00a318,660 ni aenrsveec pay, ftaer reh iimn-budget sdkapre chaos in the financial markets. Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in snotmopceian sentyapm ot sacked advisers, dvaseisr and officials. The laffOiic adat hssow that caieslp advisers were ip", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Vladimir Putin\u2019s luxury \u201cghost train\u201d reportedly carries what kind of machines?\nChoices: (A)Anti-ageing (B)Jet-pack engine (C)Robot butler (D)Ice-cream maker\nEvidence: London-saedb Rainssu investigations gpuro the Dossier Center offered a rare egmspli tnoi the vapitre life of mlViirad Punti, obtaining ptosho of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, peiqepdu thwi what appear ot eb \u201cniat-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. Other features cdeilun a fully deepqpui rTkisuh abht steam romo nda a massage urlprao.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing\u201d machines. The evidence is that the train carries \u201canti-ageing", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched?\nChoices: (A)Beyblade (B)Tickle Me Elmo (C)Poo-Chi (D)Furby\nEvidence: Maker Hasbro is glhcreniuna the itorcob ffulyf toy orf the 25ht yvsnrenaiar of sit original release, but hiwt neo tiotampnr gsined change \u2013 the ewn dmloe has na ffo schwit. The ialiogrn yuFsbr could not be hstu down dan were ronep to \u201caewk up\u201d and start cghtiatn ni the night.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Which iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched? Choices: (A)Beyblade (B)Tickle Me Elmo (C)Poo-Chi (D)Furby Evidence: Maker Hasbro is glhcreniuna the itorcob ffulyf toy orf the 25ht yvsnrenaiar of sit original release, but hiwt neo tiotampnr gsined change \u2013 the ewn dmloe has na ffo schwit. The ialiogrn yuFsbr could not be hstu down dan were ronep to \u201caewk up\u201d and start cghtiatn ni the night. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: Which iconic 1990s children\u2019s toy is set to be relaunched? Choices: (A)Beyblade", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Muslims around the world are currently observing Ramadan, a time of fasting rooted in spiritual activities and self-reflection. How long does the celebration last?\nChoices: (A)3 days (B)5 days (C)30 days (D)50 days\nEvidence: ynaM uMssilm will fast from uusnp to sundown eyver ayd for an etiner omtnh. This reya, namRdaa runs from raMhc 22 ot April 21.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The celebration lasts for 30 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 3 days. The celebration lasts for 5 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts for 50 days. The celebration lasts", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Scientists in the Alps and the Arctic have discovered microbes that can eat what at cool temperatures?\nChoices: (A)Sewage (B)Pesticides (C)Plastic (D)Spilled petroleum\nEvidence: Many microorganisms nac setgid ipatscl ta temperatures evaob 30C, but eth discovery yb researchers ta eth swisS rledFea Institute pseva the ayw for a much more energy-iefcnfeti method of crygcelni.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Spilled petroleum. The evidence is that the microbes can eat at cool temperatures. The question is what can they eat at cool temperatures? The answer is Spilled petroleum. The evidence is that many microorganisms can eat at cool temperatures. The question is what can they eat at cool temperatures? The answer is Spilled petroleum. The evidence is that researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute pseva the way for a much more energy-efficient method of crygcelni. The question is what can they eat at cool temperatures? The answer is Spilled petroleum. The evidence is that many microorganisms can eat at cool temperatures. The question is what can they eat at cool temperatures? The answer is Spilled petroleum. The evidence is that many microorganisms can eat at cool temperatures. The question is what can they eat at cool temperatures? The answer is Spilled petroleum. The evidence is that many microorganisms can eat at cool temperatures. The question is what can they eat at cool temperatures? The answer is Spilled petroleum. The evidence is that many microorganisms can eat at cool", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: People around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing which color?\nChoices: (A)Yellow (B)Green (C)Blue (D)Purple\nEvidence: ynMa people oundar the world reow lerppu on esWdanyde ni nohro of World Luspu Day, a global annual neetv hatt lclsa neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting eorm than 5 lmlinio people ni the SU alone.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "purple. The evidence states that people around the world showed their support for World Lupus Day by wearing purple. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the color of World Lupus Day. The evidence also states that purple is the", "pred": "", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The Dutch prime minister Mark Rutte unexpectedly announced he would be stepping down after how many years in power?\nChoices: (A)15 (B)13 (C)10 (D)7\nEvidence: Mark tuRet, the longest-serving hucDt iprem eirmitsn in history, lwli dasnt down after 13 esyar in power. mkceNndai \u201cnfeoTl Mark\u201d for shi biyitla ot withstand political ecriss, utetR unexpectedly announced he would aveel ocsltpii tearf the autumn general election. In the 27-noinat UE, yonl nHgaruy\u2019s tkriVo Oarbn sha bene in rchgea orf longer.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Rutte has been in power for 13 years. The question asks how many years Rutte has been in power. The answer is 7. The evidence shows that Rutte has been in power for 13 years. The question asks how many years Rutte has been in power. The answer is 7. The evidence shows that Rutte has been in power for 13 years. The question asks how many years Rutte has been in power. The answer is 7. The evidence shows that Rutte has been in power for 13 years. The question asks how many years Rutte has been in power. The answer is 7. The evidence shows that Rutte has been in power for 13 years. The question asks how many years Rutte has been in power. The answer is 7. The evidence shows that Rutte has been in power for 13 years. The question asks how many years Rutte has been in power. The answer is 7. The evidence shows that Rutte has been in power for 13 years. The question asks how many years Rutte has been in power. The answer is 7. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which social media platform expanded its link-sharing feature this week?\nChoices: (A)Instagram (B)Facebook (C)TikTok (D)Snapchat\nEvidence: arkM Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI uerss will now eb blae ot share pu ot five snilk in their iorelpf \u201cbio\u201d. sPyuvoiler, yonl one inkl ot external websites swa allowed. Find out more itwh The keWe Unwrapped aotdscp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The evidence is that Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share up to five links in their bio. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that only one link to an external website is allowed. The evidence is that", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A French minister sparked a political row after she appeared on the cover of which magazine?\nChoices: (A)Vogue (B)Elle (C)Cosmopolitan (D)Playboy\nEvidence: Mnealr\u00e8 Schiappa, minister rfo the sliaoc economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality dan LGBTQ+ srgith ot het ncFreh-agenulag edition of blaoyPy emzianga. She appeared on the oecrv wearing a white sedrs. But teh orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e Borne, as \u201cnot ta all appropriate, lepasylice ni the current period\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The minister gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ issues in the new French-January edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e Borne, as \u201cnot ta all appropriate, lepasylice ni the current period\u201d. The minister gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ issues in the new French-January edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the orecv swa ecbiddsre yb teh nFcrhe mprei tinsemri, lbsahti\u00c9e Borne, as \u201cnot ta all appropriate, lepasylice ni the current period\u201d. The minister gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ issues in the new French-January edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which chocolate bar now has paper wrappers to make it more environmentally friendly?\nChoices: (A)Twirl (B)Crunchie (C)Flake (D)Mars\nEvidence: arsM has pasdpew tsi wrapping from spctlai ot eclabclrey prpae sa artp of a rediv to make tis products mroe environmentally irednyfl. The paper-radpwpe rasb ehva gone no elsa at 500 Tesco stores, dan if the trial goes llew, the wrappers lwli be ledlor out to lla aiertsrle nda ot other sraM treats, cshu as Snickers.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Mars. The evidence shows that Mars has changed its wrapping from plastic to paper wrappers as part of a re-design to make this product more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped Mars bar has gone nowhere else at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all other Mars treats, such as Snickers. The evidence also shows that Mars has passed the wrapping from plastic to paper wrappers as part of a re-design to make this product more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped Mars bar has gone nowhere else at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all other Mars treats, such as Snickers. The evidence also shows that Mars has passed the wrapping from plastic to paper wrappers as part of a re-design to make this product more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped Mars bar has gone nowhere else at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all other Mars treats, such as Snickers. The evidence shows that Mars has changed its wrapping from plastic to paper wrappers as part", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which of the following is NOT celebrated during official summer months?\nChoices: (A)National BBQ Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (C)National Blueberry Month (D)National Watermelon Month\nEvidence: May si National BBQ Month. uyJl si National rlrBebuye nMtoh, National eIc amreC Month adn National oatnerWmel Month.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Which of the following is NOT celebrated during official summer months? Choices: (A)National BBQ Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (C)National Blueberry Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream Month (B)National Ice Cream", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which fast-food chain is upgrading its signature burgers?\nChoices: (A)Wendy\u2019s (B)McDonald\u2019s (C)Burger King (D)Carl\u2019s Jr.\nEvidence: doDaMlcn\u2019s, whcih has nbee focusing no upgrading its ecor items ot boost essla, si nirlglo out a reisse fo changes ot improve its classic burgers.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is putting out a review of changes to improve its classic burgers. McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is putting out a review of changes to improve its classic burgers. Evidence: doDaMlcdcn\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is putting out a review of changes to improve its classic burgers. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is putting out a review of changes to improve its classic burgers. Evidence: doDaMcdcdcn\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is putting out a review of changes to improve its classic burgers. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is putting out ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Facebook parent company Meta launched a new app this week as a direct rival of Twitter. What is the app called?\nChoices: (A)Reels (B)YourSpace (C)Threads (D)Flapchat\nEvidence: aMet ulnedhca an ppa elaldc aTershd ttha si intended ot ffreo a cpaes for real-time conversations nonile \u2014 a function that has lgon been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the app is intended to be a platform for real-time conversations nonline \u2014 a function that has long been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point. The evidence also shows that the app is called Threads. The evidence shows that the app is intended to be a platform for real-time conversations nonline \u2014 a function that has long been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point. The evidence also shows that the app is called Threads. The evidence shows that the app is intended to be a platform for real-time conversations nonline \u2014 a function that has long been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point. The evidence also shows that the app is called Threads. The evidence shows that the app is intended to be a platform for real-time conversations nonline \u2014 a function that has long been rewttTi\u2019s core selling point. The evidence also shows that the app is called Threads. The evidence shows that the app is intended to be a platform for real-time conversations nonline \u2014 a function that has long been rewttTi\u2019", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: A pair of basketball shoes worn by which athlete recently became the most expensive sneakers ever to sell at auction?\nChoices: (A)LeBron James (B)Michael Jordan (C)Magic Johnson (D)Kareem Abdul-Jabbar\nEvidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sldo fro a record $2.2 lonilmi.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Michael Jordan. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million. Evidence: Michael Jordan\u2019s shoes from his 1998 NBA finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Residents in Washington, DC, were startled by a loud sound this week. What caused the boom heard throughout the capital city?\nChoices: (A)Thunderstorm (B)Train crash (C)Military jets (D)Fireworks\nEvidence: tyMirial etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel ta supersonic speeds\u201d sa they deacr ot mkea cnoctta with na nnesvoesupir taicarrf ilfygn in eth region atth later racdseh ni a heavily wodode area. heT extraordinary depes of the jets caused a sonic boom ssrcao the gtWsahnoin, CD, raea atth confused many residents.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this week. The evidence is that the residents were startled by a loud sound this", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Millions of people in the US are under air quality alerts this week. What is causing a thick haze drifting across the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic?\nChoices: (A)Vehicle emissions (B)Wildfire smoke (C)Factory exhaust (D)Coastal fog\nEvidence: Millions fo people rniema ta rsik of inhaling eaoipyltlnt harmful ari sa wildfire smoke gninatgioir rmfo Canada shrouds jorma US cities.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that wildfire smoke from Canada shrouds US cities. The evidence is that millions of people are at risk of inhaling harmful airborne particles. The evidence is that millions of people are under air quality alerts this week. The evidence is that millions of people are under air quality alerts this week. The evidence is that millions of people are at risk of inhaling harmful airborne particles. The evidence is that wildfire smoke from Canada shrouds US cities. The evidence is that wildfire smoke from Canada shrouds US cities. The evidence is that millions of people are at risk of inhaling harmful airborne particles. The evidence is that wildfire smoke from Canada shrouds US cities. The evidence is that millions of people are at risk of inhaling harmful airborne particles. The evidence is that wildfire smoke from Canada shrouds US cities. The evidence is that millions of people", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which US state announced a ban on TikTok this week?\nChoices: (A)Alabama (B)Montana (C)Mississippi (D)Kansas\nEvidence: anoMtan vGo. Greg Gianforte esdign a lbil Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in eht state over perceived ersticyu concerns. heT controversial alw, which llwi atek ecftef in January, outlines potential nfsie of $10,000 per ayd fro violators.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Montana. The evidence is that Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived ersticyu concerns. The controversial law, which will go into effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per ayd for violators. The evidence is that Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in the state over perceived ersticyu concerns. The controversial law, which will go into effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per ayd for violators. The evidence is that Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in the state over perceived ersticyu concerns. The controversial law, which will go into effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per ayd for violators. The evidence is that Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday agbnnin ToTikk in the state over perceived ersticyu concerns. The controversial law, which will go into effect in January, outlines potential", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which airline recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown?\nChoices: (A)Southwest Airlines (B)American Airlines (C)United Airlines (D)Frontier Airlines\nEvidence: htonsM reatf a alihdoy seeircv meltdown, Southwest Airlines isad its bookings in rMcah were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% ot $5.7 billion ni eth quarter, ndarogcci ot the company.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Southwest Airlines. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown. Southwest Airlines recently posted record revenue despite its winter holiday meltdown.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Millions of Americans were under flood alerts across the Northeast this week. Which state received almost two months of rain in two days?\nChoices: (A)Vermont (B)Massachusetts (C)Maine (D)New Jersey\nEvidence: eorM than 200 leppeo have eneb resucde since Sunday in rVtomne, where flooding sha mseeugrdb homes and ndreut ttsrsee into iservr.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that more than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has msugrdb homes and ndreutdb ttsrsee into iservr. The evidence is that more than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has msugrdb homes and ndreutdb ttsrsee into iservr. The evidence is that more than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has msugrdb homes and ndreutdb ttsrsee into iservr. The evidence is that more than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has msugrdb homes and ndreutdb ttsrsee into iservr. The evidence is that more than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has msugrdb homes and ndreutdb ttsrsee into iservr. The evidence is that more than 200 people", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Panic buying caused widespread gas station closures in which state this week?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)Hawaii (C)Washington (D)Idaho\nEvidence: More than half of hte sga stations in eth Miami-trFo dleudLraea area were without gasoline Wdndeysea fetra goioldnf from atsl kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt caused a wave fo panic buying yb irrdesv tgoippn fof ietrh tanks.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Florida. The evidence states that more than half of the gas stations in the Miami-trFo dleudLraea area were without gasoline. The evidence also states that a fetra gasoline from atsl kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt caused a wave of panic buying that caused people to top off their tanks. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence does not support Hawaii, Washington, or Idaho. The evidence", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Russia reassured which West African country that Wagner fighters would continue operating there?\nChoices: (A)Mali (B)Ghana (C)Nigeria (D)Mauritania\nEvidence: Mcwsoo sought ot srusaeer lMai\u2019s rlguin military unatj atht Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents ni the wra-torn fiacArn country, dmai fears about the riwed fallout fo eth mercenary group\u2019s alefdi uprising ni asRsui. heT revolt ecucdorr skeew after Mial called no UN eecseerkppea ot aleev \u201cwithout delay\u201d, ignnoneucd hte decade-nlog mission\u2019s \u201cralifeu\u201d to respond ot tyirseuc challenges.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Mali. The evidence shows that Russia sought to reassure Mali\u2019s regular military unit that Wagner fighters would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn country. The evidence also shows that the revolt erupted after Mali called for a UN peacekeeping mission to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, ignoring the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201creluctance\u201d to respond to today\u2019s challenges. The evidence also shows that Russia sought to reassure Mali\u2019s regular military unit that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn country, dma fears about the rippled fallout from the mercenary group\u2019s alefti uprising in asRsui. The evidence also shows that the revolt erupted after Mali called for a UN peacekeeping mission to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, ignoring the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201creluctance\u201d to respond to today\u2019s challenges. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Mali. The evidence shows that Russia sought to reassure Mali\u2019s regular military", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Fireworks are a common sight in the summer night sky. Which country is considered to be the birthplace of fireworks?\nChoices: (A)Italy (B)Japan (C)China (D)Greece\nEvidence: soMt historians credit hiaCn with the ntnnviieo fo erskoifrw doarnu 800 AD. But ti swa ni the 1830s that naiatIl osvnitner added trace amounts fo metals to het mix dan cederat the lufolocr displays ttah dazzle su now.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The question asks which country is considered to be the birthplace of fireworks. The evidence states that most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks. But it was not until the 1830s that a French inventor added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the dazzling displays that dazzle us now. The question asks which country is considered to be the birthplace of fireworks. The evidence states that most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks. But it was not until the 1830s that a French inventor added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the dazzling displays that dazzle us now. The question asks which country is considered to be the birthplace of fireworks. The evidence states that most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks. But it was not until the 1830s that a French inventor added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the dazzling displays that dazzle us now. The question asks which country is considered to be the birthplace of fireworks. The evidence states that most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks. But it was not until the 1830s that a French inventor added trace amounts of metals to the mix and", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Elon Musk has rebranded Twitter as what?\nChoices: (A)A (B)X (C)Q (D)Z\nEvidence: ksuM announced hsit week hatt hsi company\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge fomr the ellw-nknow eubl bird ot a lacbk X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand aws iywedl duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something no fire he aidp $44 billion for\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Question: What is the name of the new company? Choices: (A)A (B)X (C)Q (D)Z Evidence: ksuM announced this week that his company\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge from the ellw-nknow eubl bird ot a lacbk X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand aws iywedl duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he aidp $44 billion for\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Question: What is the name of the new company? Choices: (A)A (B)X (C)Q (D)Z Evidence: ksuM announced this week that his company\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge from the ellw-nknow eubl bird ot a lacbk X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand aw", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show?\nChoices: (A)\u201cWednesday\u201d (B)\u201cOnly Murders in the Building\u201d (C)\u201cThe Morning Show\u201d (D)\u201cSquid Game\u201d\nEvidence: Netflix sha edrahs viexsecul nwe elsadti for the second onsesa of its wuaynar hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d het South oneKar thriller series ni which ensansocttt owh rea pdleye ni debt play eidnchrl\u2019s mgesa in eorrd ot nwi a nto of cash \u2014 tihw the losers getting killed.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Squid Game. Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season of which hit show? Netflix recently released a trailer for the second season", "pred": "", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: How many mobile phone thefts were reported in London last year?\nChoices: (A)25,000 (B)50,000 (C)91,000 (D)104,000\nEvidence: Newly eseraeld oloitaprMten Police data ash revealed that an aegarve of 248 phone thefts a day eerw oetrpder in 2022 in hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh boroughs thwi eth most thefts erew esmretnWsit (25,899), Camden (7,892), hwruktoaS (5,690) nda Hackney (4,618).\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in boroughs that are not boroughs of London. The evidence also shows that the most thefts were reported in borough", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges?\nChoices: (A)Australia (B)New Zealand (C)US (D)Canada\nEvidence: News broke sthi week atth het government addhen a \u00a31.6 nlloiib contract to triausaAnl mifr Corporate ralveT Management to cover three fsooefhr yumlas-eekser elsevss. ehT government cmlidae the \u201cfloatels\u201d would eb \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d anht housing rsrlavia in oheslt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Australia. The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the UK government has given a contract to a travel firm from which country for its planned asylum-seeker housing barges? The evidence is that the", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Pupils at an independent school in North London have voted to make what change to their lunches?\nChoices: (A)New option to order fast food (B)Only vegan or vegetarian lunches (C)Sixth-form pupils can have a glass of wine (D)Adding dishes that include insects\nEvidence: thrNo donLon Collegiate School ilwl litra deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki rpaogshsrpe, ewets chilli nad lime rectskci, dan acenMix ecir topped with buffalo worms.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Evidence: thrNo donLon Collegiate School ilwl litra deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki rpaogshshsrpe, ewets chilli nad lime rectskci, dan acenMix ecir topped with buffalo worms. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Evidence: thrNo donLon Collegiate School ilwl litra deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki rpaogshshsrpe, ewets chilli nad lime rectskci, dan acenMix ecir topped with buffalo worms. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Evidence: thrNo donLon Collegiate School ilwl litra deihss such sa Chinese-", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which group of countries recently announced a surprise move to slash oil production, fueling fears of higher gas prices?\nChoices: (A)NATO (B)G20 (C)OPEC (D)IOC\nEvidence: OPEC, which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebarrl a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent loi cersip surging sthi ekew.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. OPEC, which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebarrl a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent loi cersip surging sthi ekew. OPEC, which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebarrl a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent loi cersip surging sthi ekew. OPEC, which supplies a large torpino fo the world\u2019s recdu iol, cuneondan ti will cut itudnprooc yb oemr tahn 1.6 million sebarrl a day starting ", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: This week marked 50 years since which major technological milestone?\nChoices: (A)First cell phone call (B)First solar-powered flight (C)First ATM machine (D)First digital music download\nEvidence: On iAlrp 3, 1973, het tfirs cell enhpo lalc aws aemd on a sidewalk in New krYo tyiC with a vdeeci the size of a brick.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that on April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. The evidence is that on April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. The evidence is that on April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. The evidence is that on April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. The evidence is that on April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. The evidence is that on April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. The evidence is that on April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick. The evidence is that on April 3, 1973", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which US President signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday?\nChoices: (A)Bill Clinton (B)Barack Obama (C)Donald Trump (D)Joe Biden\nEvidence: nO June 17, 2021, President eoJ dnBie signed a bill into lwa cninrzgieog Juneteenth National pneIenecdnde yDa. Biden asdi eth moment will og odwn sa \u201cone fo het rsaegtte honors\u201d of his presidency.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Joe Biden. Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Biden Joe Bi", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Twitter\u2019s famous blue bird logo has been replaced by what image in what is thought to be a late April Fool\u2019s Day prank by billionaire owner Elon Musk?\nChoices: (A)A llama (B)A tree frog (C)A gorilla (D)A Shiba Inu dog\nEvidence: nO aonydM, Twitter ssrue noted taht eht uelb bdri oglo ulyusal found no Twitter\u2019s homepage and onildga screen has now been replaced twih an eiagm of Doge, eth aSbhi nuI gdo used as a popular internet eemm.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is ", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Who wrote \u201cThe Star-Spangled Banner?\u201d\nChoices: (A)Irving Berlin (B)F. Scott Fitzgerald (C)Betsy Ross (D)Francis Scott Key\nEvidence: On September 14, 1814, Francis tocSt Key dnpeen a pemo etrfa witnessing the alBett fo Ftor eycrHnM in tmloBerai dnigur the arW of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo was later set to music, and in 1931, ti became acmeriA\u2019s nanoiatl tamenh.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Scott Key. The evidence is Francis Scott Key wrote the poem, which was later set to music. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of Baltimore in 1814. The evidence is Francis Scott Key witnessed the battle of", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of people in the UK dunk their sausage rolls in tea, in a finding which made the front page of the Daily Star?\nChoices: (A)5% (B)10% (C)20% (D)25%\nEvidence: One ni 10 people said ehyt dukn uaessag rolls in their upc fo tea, according to a study ahtt has cedasu cmuh upset for het iDyla Star. hTe bdltiao dcalle eht pacterci a \u201chideous habit\u201d nda frthreu claimed htta 4% fo lnvsdiadiui, whom they referred to sa \u201cgowrn \u2019uns\u201d, eeagng ni the tac fo dipping sandwiches into oth beverages \u2013 mntgsoieh the aidblto ededem ightnno short of \u201cevil\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B, 10%. The evidence shows that one in 10 people said that they dunk their sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study which made the front page of the Daily Star. The study called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and the front page claimed that 4% of the population, whom they referred to as \u201cgodly \u2019uns\u201d, eagng ni the tac fo dipping sandwiches into other beverages \u2013 mntgsoieh the aidblto ededem ightnno short of \u201cevil\u201d. The evidence shows that one in 10 people said that they dunk their sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study which made the front page of the Daily Star. The study called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and the front page claimed that 4% of the population, whom they referred to as \u201cgodly \u2019uns\u201d, eagng ni the tac fo dipping sandwiches into other beverages \u2013 mntgsoieh the aidblto ededem ightnno short of \u201c", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: About how much does it cost for a roundtrip ticket to space?\nChoices: (A)$100,000 (B)$200,000 (C)$350,000 (D)$450,000\nEvidence: One rtip ot scpae will cost uyo ubtao $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu etrlav to eapsc fi nvgei the itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi to a CNN silaanys.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "$450,000. The evidence is that one roundtrip ticket to space will cost uyo ubtao $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu etrlav to eapsc fi nvgei the itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi to a CNN silaanys. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is D. The evidence is that one roundtrip ticket to space will cost uyo ubtao $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta ond\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu etrlav to eapsc fi nvgei the itorptpuyon, gdrcancoi to a CNN silaanys. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is D. The evidence is that one roundtrip ticket to space will cost uyo u", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Scotland\u2019s Orkney islands are considering proposals to become a territory of which country?\nChoices: (A)Denmark (B)Sweden (C)Norway (D)Finland\nEvidence: erOynk could leave the KU dan ocmeeb a territory of wyoaNr uedrn new proposals ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms fo governance\u201d ttha could iderovp more iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT islands were under graeiNown dan Danish control until 1472.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The islands were under Danish control until 1472. The islands could leave the UK than ocmeeb a territory of wyoaNr uedrn new proposals ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms fo governance\u201d ttha could iderovp more iccemoon tpsunoretopii. The islands were under graeiNown dan Danish control until 1472. Evidence: erOynk could leave the KU dan ocmeeb a territory of wyoaNr uedrn new proposals ot pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms fo governance\u201d ttha could iderovp more iccemoon tpsunoretopii. heT islands were under graeiNown dan Danish control until 1472. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The islands were under Danish control until 1472. Evidence: erOy", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Preparations are underway for the 2024 Olympic Games. Where will the Games be held?\nChoices: (A)Tokyo (B)London (C)Paris (D)Athens\nEvidence: Paris si preparing for hte 2024 imyOlcp Games cndretee around teh vRier nSeei. hTe ninogpe ceremony, which is traditionally held sendii het hsto city\u2019s Opmicyl damstiu, will aket place on the river, with ta least 600,000 peploe etexcdpe to cwtha from teh kabsn, according to rrzeiagson.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence states that Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games to be held around the river Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held sendii het hsto city\u2019s Olympic damstiu, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to cross from the kabsn, according to rrzeiagson. The evidence states that Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games to be held around the river Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held sendii het hsto city\u2019s Olympic damstiu, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to cross from the kabsn, according to rrzeiagson. The evidence states that Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games to be held around the river Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held sendii het hsto city\u2019s Olympic damstiu, will aket place on the river, with ta least 600,000 peploe etexcdpe to cwtha from the k", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group?\nChoices: (A)1 \u2013 5 years old (B)10 \u2013 21 years old (C)30 \u2013 45 years old (D)65+ years old\nEvidence: ePleop how aer 65 nda older ro oseht who hvea weakened enuimm systems nda \u201cnatw the option of ddade protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said htis eekw.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "65+ years old. The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19 vaccines to allow another booster dose for people in which age group? The CDC updated its recommendations on Covid-19", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: One of the longest hot weather streaks in US history finally ended this week. Which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days?\nChoices: (A)New Orleans (B)Houston (C)Miami (D)Phoenix\nEvidence: Phoenix just endured hte tshotte hnomt for any US cyti on edrocr. Teetsepmraru in het region kdapee under 110 egeesdr Fahrenheit rfo the fstri time ni a month no oanyMd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Phoenix. The question asks which city saw temperatures over 110 degrees for 31 consecutive days. The evidence states that Phoenix just endured the tshotte hnomt for any US city on edrocr. Teetsepmraru in het region kdapee under 110 egeesdr Fahrenheit for the fstri time ni a month no oanyMd. Phoenix just endured the tshotte hnomt for any US city on edrocr. Teetsepmraru in het region kdapee under 110 egeesdr Fahrenheit for the fstri time ni a month no oanyMd. Phoenix just endured the tshotte hnomt for any US city on edrocr. Teetsepmraru in het region kdapee under 110 egeesdr Fahrenheit for the fstri time ni a month no oanyMd. Phoenix just endured the", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which highly anticipated Netflix show is halting filming due to the film and TV writers\u2019 strike?\nChoices: (A)\u201cWednesday\u201d (B)\u201cStranger Things\u201d (C)\u201cBridgerton\u201d (D)\u201cSquid Game\u201d\nEvidence: Plans for fmgiiln hte tffhi and final season fo \u201cStranger Tghnis\u201d ash been paused due ot the rreswti\u2019 strike, het owsh\u2019s co-ersrctao ucnnodaen.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that plans for filming the third and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, which the show\u2019s co-creator has no doubt caused. The evidence is that plans for filming the third and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, which the show\u2019s co-creator has no doubt caused. The evidence is that plans for filming the third and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, which the show\u2019s co-creator has no doubt caused. The evidence is that plans for filming the third and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, which the show\u2019s co-creator has no doubt caused. The evidence is that plans for filming the third and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, which the show\u2019s co-creator has no doubt caused. The evidence is that plans for filming the third and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d have been ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Just Stop Oil activists disrupted play at which sports tournament on Monday?\nChoices: (A)Premier League Darts (B)World Snooker Championship (C)Uefa Champions League (D)Grand National\nEvidence: Play was eptisdudr after a oserpertt mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit enaorg wporde, lewih hrnotea activist edirt ot glue herself to a edfitnfre labet. eTh duo were arrested following het naivnosi ta Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Granger\u2019s announcement came almost three years after the Emancipation Proclamation, the famous executive order abolishing slavery issued by which US President?\nChoices: (A)Ulysses Grant (B)Abraham Lincoln (C)Andrew Johnson (D)George Washington\nEvidence: iePdsertn Abraham Lincoln issued eth cmpotniiaanE Proclamation no uyarJna 1, 1863, as the nation ocdpphraea its dhtir year fo bloody lvcii war. The aroplnmaotci declared \u201catht all ensospr held sa esslav\u201d iniwth the rebellious states \u201care, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb eefr.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Abraham Lincoln. Granger\u2019s announcement came almost three years after the Emancipation Proclamation, the famous executive order abolishing slavery issued by which US President? Choices: (A)Ulysses Grant (B)Abraham Lincoln (C)Andrew Johnson (D)George Washington Evidence: iePdsertn Abraham Lincoln issued eth cmpotniiaanE Proclamation no uyarJna 1, 1863, as the nation ocdpphraea its dhtir year fo bloody lvcii war. The aroplnmaotci declared \u201catht all ensospr held sa esslav\u201d iniwth the rebellious states \u201care, nda hrocnfdreaew lsalh eb efr.\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Abraham Lincoln. Granger\u2019s announcement came almost three years after the Emancipation Proclamation, the famous executive order abolishing slavery issued by which US", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which world leader did the Bidens host at a glamorous White House state dinner this week?\nChoices: (A)Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky (B)Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (C)South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol (D)UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak\nEvidence: rnetPdsei Joe Biden nda first ldya Jill eBind capped South nroKae tPeiesnrd onoY kuS oeYl\u2019s official state visit with a shialv state dinner ta eth White oseuH ndeWdasye tngih to bareeltce the wot nations\u2019 70-ryae alliance.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden hosted South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a glamorous White House state dinner this week to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance. The evidence also shows that Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden hosted South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a glamorous White House state dinner this week to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance. The evidence also shows that Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden hosted South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a glamorous White House state dinner this week to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance. The evidence also shows that Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden hosted South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a glamorous White House state dinner this week to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance. The evidence also shows that Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden hosted South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a glamorous White House state dinner this week to celebrate the two nations", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which NFL team made a visit to the White House this week to celebrate their Super Bowl victory?\nChoices: (A)Philadelphia Eagles (B)Kansas City Chiefs (C)Los Angeles Rams (D)Pittsburgh Steelers\nEvidence: President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Blwo aiCnhpmo aKssna City hisefC ot the White oHeus onaydM. See sopoth rfom eth special occasion.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Chiefs and Rams did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House. The Steelers did not win the Super Bowl. The Steelers did not visit the White House.", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Prince Harry and his wife Meghan alleged photographers dangerously pursued them for hours this week through which city?\nChoices: (A)London (B)Amsterdam (C)Rome (D)New York City\nEvidence: inrecP aHryr adn his wife ehangM rewe involved in a cticaho car acehs hiwt aiazarpzp in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "D. The evidence is that inrecP aHryr adn his wife ehangM rewe involved in a cticaho car acehs hiwt aiazarpzp in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is D. The evidence is that inrecP aHryr adn his wife ehangM rewe involved in a cticaho car acehs hiwt aiazarpzp in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, etrhi noopkserseps ahs edelgla. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is D. The evidence is that inrec", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Whose 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time?\nChoices: (A)Taylor Swift (B)Ed Sheeran (C)Bad Bunny (D)Drake\nEvidence: rueotP iRanc eurtssapr Bad Bunny has hctdnoe up hneoart record ihwt his rtuhfo studio album, \u201cnU Verano nSi Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most estreadm album of all time. nI 2022, the trap nda neeagg\u00f3tr grines was hte most earsetdm artist rof eht hdirt consecutive reya. eH\u2019s ahceedr \u201ca wen stratosphere fo stardom\u201d, said Rolling eoSnt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Bunny. The question is: Whose 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time? The evidence is that Bad Bunny has topped the record with his third studio album, \u201cnU Verano nSi Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. The trap nda neeagg\u00f3tr grines was the most earsetdm artist for the third consecutive year. His album \u201ca wen stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling eoSnt. The question is: Whose 2022 album has become Spotify\u2019s most streamed of all time? The evidence is that Bad Bunny has topped the record with his third studio album, \u201cnU Verano nSi Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. The trap nda neeagg\u00f3tr grines was the most earsetdm artist for the third consecutive year. His album \u201ca wen stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling eoSnt. The question is: Whose 2022", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of the UK\u2019s public toilets do experts estimate have closed in the past ten years?\nChoices: (A)18% (B)25% (C)40% (D)50%\nEvidence: Raymond Martin, nmagangi director of the British Toilet Association, dlot heT udrGania that teh lersouc fo fhal fo the KU\u2019s public loos in het spat decade aws resulting ni eesttr nnruaioti, also onnkw as iwdl toileting, \u201cyevheeerwr now\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, said that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public toilets in the past decade was resulting in eestr nnruaioti, also known as indoor toileting, \u201cyet everywhere now\u201d. Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, said that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public toilets in the past decade was resulting in eestr nnruaioti, also known as indoor toileting, \u201cyet everywhere now\u201d. Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, said that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public toilets in the past decade was resulting in eestr nnruaioti, also known as indoor toileting, \u201cyet everywhere now\u201d. Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, said that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public toilets in the past decade was resulting in eestr nnruaioti, also known as indoor toileting, \u201cyet everywhere now\u201d. Raymond Martin, managing director", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The EU this week formally asked which country to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea?\nChoices: (A)Hungary (B)Greece (C)Italy (D)Poland\nEvidence: eleynRtc rvledeae video oaftego pteacdru on het Gkree island of Lesbos appears ot shwo 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed uot ot sae and nnebddaao no na blaleitanf raft. Amid wnigrog conncre over illegal scbuakhsp fo asylum seekers, the UE home srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi her sacfilifo had nitrwte to Atnhse with a formal eserqut \u201cthat shti incident be fully and dineldtpneeyn investigated\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Greece. The EU this week formally asked which country to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea? Question: The EU this week formally asked which country to investigate allegations that it is abandoning migrants at sea? Choices: (A)Hungary (B)Greece (C)Italy (D)Poland Evidence: eleynRtc rvledeae video oaftego pteacdru on het Gkreee island of Lesbos appears ot shwo 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed uot ot sae and nnebddaao no na blaleitanf raft. Amid wnigrog conncre over illegal scbuakhsp fo asylum seekers, the UE home srfifaa iesronismmoc, laYv ssoaonhnJ, asdi her sacfilifo had nitrwte to Atnhse with a", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Memorial Day weekend is upon us. Which movie is considered to be the first summer blockbuster?\nChoices: (A)\u201cStar Wars\u201d (B)\u201cAvatar\u201d (C)\u201cJaws\u201d (D)\u201cJurassic Park\u201d\nEvidence: Released on June 20, 1975, \u201csaJw\u201d tnwe on ot become the first lfim ot rssgo more than $100 ilnloim ta het box cieoff.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is that \u201cJaws\u201d was the first movie to gross more than $100 million at the box office. The evidence is", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The citizens of Paris have voted to ban which mode of transport in the French capital?\nChoices: (A)Bicycles (B)E-scooters (C)Electric cars (D)Buses\nEvidence: Rental e-scooters are ot eb dowlueat in het French ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre was hdle slta week. Around 89% of tveso cast ewre in support of a ban, but with on online inovtg, utnrtou was olny about 8%. esvestrlheNe, the srtlue means rPisa wlil emeobc the istrf ojmra European tliapac ot outlaw the ooscesrt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The citizens of Paris have voted to ban which mode of transport in the French capital? Choices: (A)Bicycles (B)E-scooters (C)Electric cars (D)Buses Evidence: Rental e-scooters are ot eb dowlueat in het French ictlaap erfta a eudefmrnre was hdle slta week. Around 89% of tveso cast ewre in support of a ban, but with on online inovtg, utnrtou was olny about 8%. esvestrlheNe, the srtlue means rPisa wlil emeobc the istrf ojmra European tliapac ot outlaw the ooscesrt. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The citizens of Paris have voted to ban which mode of transport in the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A new study found that which UK city is the \u201cgloomiest\u201d in the UK?\nChoices: (A)Glasgow (B)Bradford (C)Blackpool (D)Swansea\nEvidence: Research yb Betway ofndu that the etsW kihoeYsrr city was eth least sunny ni the KU, followed yb. olopBklac dan Aberdeen.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Swansea. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the least sunny of the choices. The evidence is that Swansea is the", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: According to new research, which biscuit is the most dunkable?\nChoices: (A)Digestives (B)Jammie Dodgers (C)Ginger Nuts (D)Jaffa Cakes\nEvidence: hsrcaRseree dunked 17 uplproa biscuits ni cups of eat and roddcere how nyma dunks echa type survived rbefoe anrgbiek ratap. The ffJaa Cake swa dlecerad hte rwnien \u2013 despite itccisr questioning whether ti really si a biscuit \u2013 with 116 undks, rcdopema with the Dsevitegi\u2019s six.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Jaffa Cakes. The evidence shows that the Jaffa Cakes survived 116 dunks, compared to Digestives\u2019s six. The evidence also shows that the Jaffa Cakes survived 116 dunks, compared to Ginger Nuts\u2019s six. The evidence also shows that the Jaffa Cakes survived 116 dunks, compared to Jammie Dodgers\u2019s six. The evidence also shows that the Jaffa Cakes survived 116 dunks, compared to Digestives\u2019s six. The evidence also shows that the Jaffa Cakes survived 116 dunks, compared to Ginger Nuts\u2019s six. The evidence also shows that the Jaffa Cakes survived 116 dunks, compared to Digestives\u2019s six. The evidence also shows that the Jaffa Cakes survived 116 dunks, compared to Ginger Nuts\u2019s six. The evidence also shows that the Jaffa Cakes survived 116 dunks, compared to Digestives\u2019s six. The evidence also shows that the Jaffa Cakes survived ", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which city was monitoring its drinking water system this week following a chemical spill upstream in the Delaware River?\nChoices: (A)New York (B)Philadelphia (C)Baltimore (D)Pittsburgh\nEvidence: Residents fo lhielhPpidaa rushed to uyb boteltd ertaw etarf the ityc ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp guins apt water due ot the pslil. iiclOffsa have since said het city\u2019s irknidng water is esaf to use.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Philadelphia. The chemical spill was upstream in the Delaware River. The residents of Philadelphia rushed to boil their water before the city issued a health alert recommending people to use bottled water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use. The evidence is that the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: About 1 in 4 people in the US live with air pollution that can hurt their health, according to a new report. Which region has the most ozone-polluted cities?\nChoices: (A)Northern US (B)Eastern US (C)Southern US (D)Western US\nEvidence: dsRentsie fo serWten siitec rea disproportionately eadfeftc, according to a new trerop from het Aciernma Lung Association. California adh 10 of the 25 stmo ozone-polluted seicti. ewN York, Chicago nad Hartford, Connecticut, ewer het lyno rehte on the stil east of the sisisispipM rRiev.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago, and Hartford, Connecticut, are all on the still east of the sisisispipM rRiev. The evidence shows that California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. California has 10 of the 25 most ozone-", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Frank Rubio is expected to break the record for the longest mission in space by a US astronaut. How many total days will he log in orbit before returning to Earth in September?\nChoices: (A)107 (B)203 (C)310 (D)371\nEvidence: Rubio will vhea logged a total fo ta eltsa 371 days in space, ASNA ilfoaisfc said. ehT osuiervp record fo 355 ysad was ste by Mark endVa Hei ni 2022.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The question is based on the total number of days Rubio will log in space. The evidence states that Rubio will have logged a total of 371 days in space, ASNA said. The old record of 355 days was set by Mark endVa Hei in 2022. The question is based on the total number of days Rubio will log in space. The evidence states that Rubio will have logged a total of 371 days in space, ASNA said. The question is based on the total number of days Rubio will log in space. The evidence states that Rubio will have logged a total of 371 days in space, ASNA said. The question is based on the total number of days Rubio will log in space. The evidence states that Rubio will have logged a total of 371 days in space, ASNA said. The question is based on the total number of days Rubio will log in space. The evidence states that Rubio will have logged a total of 371 days in space, ASNA said. The question is based on the total number of days Rubio will log in space. The evidence states that Ru", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Scotland\u2019s former first minister Alex Salmond turned down an invitation to which event?\nChoices: (A)Fourth of July fireworks (B)SNP special conference on independence (C)Nicola Sturgeon\u2019s leaving party (D)Service of Thanksgiving and Dedication for King Charles\nEvidence: nlmSaod snubbed ahtw swa dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d fo het ewn hrcnaom dna predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that Salmond snubbed the event that was dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d for himself and his own historian who predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d. The answer is B. Salmond snubbed the event that was dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d for himself and his own historian who predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Salmond snubbed the event that was dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d for himself and his own historian who predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Salmond snubbed the event that was dubbed the \u201cthScitso coronation\u201d for himself and his own historian who predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast iKgn of octsS\u201d. Answer:", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: A new study tracking more than 210,000 Brits has linked which everyday activity to high blood pressure?\nChoices: (A)Talking on mobile phones (B)Using social media (C)Drinking fizzy drinks (D)Watching TV on streaming platforms\nEvidence: tnsiscSiet at hnaCi\u2019s orutSnhe Medical University dkecart 212,000 iBtsirh adults hitw na average aeg fo 54 over a 12-year period dan fnodu htat hseot ohw chatted no a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% rmeo lelkiy to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six rshuo a keew edsrai het iskr ot 25%. The srehserreca suggested ttah sxuepeor ot the lwo levels fo radiofrequency energy emitted by nopseh amy raise lobdo eesrpsur, dna spending hours on alcls wsa lsoa linked ot orsew sleep nda higher stress.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The study tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% less likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week increased the risk by 25%. The study suggested that the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by mobile phones may raise low blood pressure, and spending hours on all screens was also linked to poorer sleep and higher stress. The study tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% less likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week increased the risk by 25%. The study suggested that the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by mobile phones may raise low blood pressure, and spending hours on all screens was also linked to poorer sleep and higher stress. The study tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% less likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which political figure froze for 30 seconds during a news conference this week, sparking renewed concerns about his health?\nChoices: (A)Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (B)Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (C)House Majority Leader Steve Scalise (D)House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries\nEvidence: ntaeSe OGP Leader chtMi McConnell told trpsreero eh\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d eaftr freezing during a news conference on Wdeysnead. McConnell sha leeidndc to pxneial why he froze pu, thhguo an iead isad eh was lfgieen light-hddaee.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed. McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed. McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed. McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed. McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed. McConnell told reporters he\u2019", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Why did an angry shopper complain to Sainsbury\u2019s over its rump steak this week?\nChoices: (A)It wasn\u2019t organic beef (B)It was too expensive (C)It had a misogynistic name (D)It wasn\u2019t British beef\nEvidence: Shopper eRso isonobnR complained ot ybinsuaSr\u2019s ofr giving ist product a \u201csexist\u201d name, ndairgcoc ot het Daily Star. nnRsoboi is gnialcl no het supermarket anich to rename its \u201cgBi ydDad\u201d mrpu ateks, which she sflee si a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was hsocekd nda just a bit disappointed ttha in this day adn gea, ti wsa possible for ti ot kmea ti through thrveeaw nlechna it had to have mead it htoghru ot get tono the svslehe,\u201d she added. banrsiSyu\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive ot be a ulryt usiniclev retailer.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the steak was misogynistic. The evidence shows that the steak was too expensive. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t British beef. The evidence shows that the steak was misogynistic. The evidence shows that the steak was too expensive. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t British beef. The evidence shows that the steak was misogynistic. The evidence shows that the steak was too expensive. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t British beef. The evidence shows that the steak was misogynistic. The evidence shows that the steak was too expensive. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t British beef. The evidence shows that the steak was misogynistic. The evidence shows that the steak was too expensive. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t organic beef. The evidence shows that the steak wasn\u2019t British beef. The evidence shows that the steak was misogynistic", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which bizarre limited-edition flavor did Skittles debut this week?\nChoices: (A)Mustard (B)Mayonnaise (C)Ketchup (D)Relish\nEvidence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard. Evidence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard. Evidence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste lkei hte winroba \u2014 it stteas elik mustard. Evidence: Skittles", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: What two Union border states continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified?\nChoices: (A)Kentucky and Missouri (B)Maryland and Missouri (C)Delaware and Maryland (D)Delaware and Kentucky\nEvidence: Slavery amenedri technically legal in oniUn states until 1865, nda esom aaesr of Delaware nda cuyentKk continued teh actcriep tinlu that time.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Kentucky and Missouri. Kentucky and Missouri were the only border states that continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. The evidence is Delaware and Maryland continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. The evidence is Delaware and Maryland continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. The evidence is Delaware and Kentucky continued to practice slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. The evidence is Delaware and Kentucky were the only two Union border states that practiced slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. The evidence is Delaware and Kentucky were the only two Union border states that practiced slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. The evidence is Delaware and Kentucky were the only two Union border states that practiced slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. The evidence is Delaware and Kentucky were the only two Union border states that practiced slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. The evidence is Delaware and Kentucky were the only two Union border states that practiced slavery up until the 13th Amendment was ratified. The evidence is Delaware and Kentucky were the only two Union border states that practiced slavery up until the 13th Amendment was", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which Supreme Court justice received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor?\nChoices: (A)Justice Brett Kavanaugh (B)Justice Samuel Alito (C)Justice Clarence Thomas (D)Justice Neil Gorsuch\nEvidence: Some Democrats have called for the impeachment fo reuSpme rtCou Jctiseu Clarence oahTsm following a bloleshbm orpert atth idedetla aishlv trips apdi orf by a billionaire real ateets eagtnam, ciwhh included traveling on his cyath dan private tje.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the only justice who received sharp criticism for not disclosing luxury trips funded by a Republican megadonor. Thomas was the", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which airline this week said it will begin weighing some passengers before they board the airplane?\nChoices: (A)Qatar Airways (B)Jet Blue (C)Air New Zealand (D)Alaska Airlines\nEvidence: Some international salrtreev leaving Auckland Iaotnratnilen poitrrA ilwl nsoo eb asked to sept on the csale ot help gather data on the etigwh lado dan distribution for rAi wNe aadZnel planes, eth ariilne said.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Air New Zealand. The evidence is that some international passengers leaving Auckland will be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight and distribution for the wide and narrow planes, the airline said. The evidence is that some international passengers leaving Auckland will be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight and distribution for the wide and narrow planes, the airline said. The evidence is that some international passengers leaving Auckland will be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight and distribution for the wide and narrow planes, the airline said. The evidence is that some international passengers leaving Auckland will be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight and distribution for the wide and narrow planes, the airline said. The evidence is that some international passengers leaving Auckland will be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight and distribution for the wide and narrow planes, the airline said. The evidence is that some international passengers leaving Auckland will be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight and distribution for the wide and narrow planes, the airline said. The evidence is that some international passengers leaving Auckland will be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Parts of Florida\u2019s Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of which invasive species?\nChoices: (A)Giant hornets (B)Giant African land snails (C)Giant armadillos (D)Giant wood moths\nEvidence: Some eorihgnhsdoob ni wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive tgnai African land nsisla, which ate at aetsl 500 different types of sltnpa nad nca also chomp ghrotuh stucco, plastic reigylncc bins nad eenv nisgs.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that some parts of Florida\u2019s Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive tgnai African land snails, which ate at least 500 different types of seeds and can also chomp glass stucco, plastic recycling bins, and envi nisgs. The evidence is that some parts of Florida\u2019s Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive tgnai African land snails, which ate at least 500 different types of seeds and can also chomp glass stucco, plastic recycling bins, and envi nisgs. The evidence is that some parts of Florida\u2019s Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive tgnai African land snails, which ate at least 500 different types of seeds and can also chomp glass stucco, plastic recycling bins, and envi nisgs. The evidence is that some parts of Florida\u2019s Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive tgnai African land snails, which ate at least 500 different types of seeds and can also", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of Brits suffer from a psychological condition known as misophonia, according to a new study?\nChoices: (A)5% (B)12% (C)15% (D)18%\nEvidence: Sounds cshu sa ehgniwc, sniffing dan ould aitbreghn are intolerable for neo ni vfei rtisB, the sduyt nfduo. Researchers from nKgi\u2019s College oondnL and Oxford University quizzed reom than 770 people to determine owh anmy ahd a tgihf-or-lifgth response to shuc everyday inoess.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest percentage. Among the choices, B is the best answer because it is the highest", "pred": "B", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The most powerful rocket ever built was launched this week \u2013 but its flight ended in a dramatic mid-air explosion. What was the rocket\u2019s name?\nChoices: (A)Falcon (B)Starship (C)Firefly (D)Voyager\nEvidence: pXScea\u2019s Starship, the omst powerful rtoekc evre built, took ffo from a hclnua pda in uhoSt easxT no Thursday morning. However, eth cortek exploded less hnta three snteumi into tis first test ltghfi.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Starship. The evidence states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket exploded. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that the rocket\u2019s name is Starship. The evidence also states that", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Prince William is launching a five-year project to tackle what social crisis?\nChoices: (A)Addiction (B)Homelessness (C)Hunger (D)Fuel poverty\nEvidence: Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince fo Wales egeldpd ot use the Royal dutnnaiooF to \u201cdne homelessness\u201d in the KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev been tiniagw orf teh trhgi mite to od this.\u201d iPrenc liWlima swa 11 hwne his mother took mhi ot a hseemlos shelter in nLdoon \u2013 \u201ca formative otmnem\u201d rfo the ngoyu yralo, aids the paper.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching a five-year project to tackle homelessness. The evidence is that the Prince of Wales is launching", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Following years of speculation, which popular 1980s film finally has a sequel in the works?\nChoices: (A)\u201cE.T. the Extra-Terrestrial\u201d (B)\u201cBeetlejuice\u201d (C)\u201cThe Breakfast Club\u201d (D)\u201cFerris Bueller\u2019s Day Off\u201d\nEvidence: Speculation has bnee swirling for aesry oautb a elontpait sequel to eth 1988 lfmi \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d owN, ti\u2019s official: The \u201costgh with the tsmo\u201d will ekam a nrteru.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBeetlejuice\u201d is finally in the works. The evidence is that a sequel to \u201cBee", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which country was crowned the winner of Eurovision 2023?\nChoices: (A)United Kingdom (B)Finland (C)Sweden (D)Israel\nEvidence: Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won het Eurovision ogSn setntCo for the second emti. heT singer, who nwo hte competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Sweden. Question: Which country was crowned the winner of Eurovision 2023? Choices: (A)United Kingdom (B)Finland (C)Sweden (D)Israel Evidence: Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won het Eurovision ogSn setntCo for the second emti. heT singer, who nwo hte competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Sweden. Question: Which country was crowned the winner of Eurovision 2023? Choices: (A)United Kingdom (B)Finland (C)Sweden (D)Israel Evidence: Sweden\u2019s neoeLr won het Eurovision ogSn setntCo for the second emti. heT singer, who nwo hte competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which musician is being praised for giving \u201clife-changing\u201d bonuses to her truck drivers?\nChoices: (A)Beyonc\u00e9 (B)Taylor Swift (C)Pink (D)Adele\nEvidence: ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s trucking staff yb giving heca trucker a ckhce in hte mauton of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 ot $10,000 hcea. oS this glaer mnaotu si unbelievable,\u201d said eiclMha Scherkenbach, renoduf and CEO of iomSonhto trucking company, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr of the stage and etrutsucr for tSwfi\u2019s Eras Tuor.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Taylor Swift. Question: Which musician is being praised for giving \u201clife-changing\u201d bonuses to her truck drivers? Choices: (A)Beyonc\u00e9 (B)Taylor Swift (C)Pink (D)Adele Evidence: ayTolr tfwiS udentsn erh ncoretc orut\u2019s trucking staff yb giving heca trucker a ckhce in hte mauton of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 ot $10,000 hcea. oS this glaer mnaotu si unbelievable,\u201d said eiclMha Scherkenbach, renoduf and CEO of iomSonhto trucking company, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr of iomSonhto trucking company, cihwh nlhsdae arttpiotonasnr of the stage and etrutsucr for ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which state was the first to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday?\nChoices: (A)Georgia (B)Texas (C)New York (D)Virginia\nEvidence: Texas was the ftisr staet to enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Which state was the first to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday? Choices: (A)Georgia (B)Texas (C)New York (D)Virginiia Evidence: Texas was the first state to enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: Which state was the first to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday? Choices: (A)Georgia (B)Texas (C)New York (D)Virginia Evidence: Texas was the first state to enrzigeco tnenJheteu sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: Which state was the first to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday? Choices: (A)Georgia (B)Texas (C)New York (D)Virginia Evidence: Texas was", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of British adults think that King Charles is doing a \u201cgood job\u201d as monarch?\nChoices: (A)20% (B)32% (C)45% (D)53%\nEvidence: That\u2019s up mrfo 49% last hmotn racgnicod ot polling yb sopIs for The Telegraph. nI eth same polling, ti was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc eyomn was spent no the ncrooaoint. nI Alipr, 33% doceebtj to the cost. toAlms two-thirds eerw aewar fo teh srestar fo tain-monarchy protesters at the coronation, dan fo hoest, only two ni five thought het police hda acted tyreipalaprpo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "53%. That\u2019s up from 49% last year according to polling by YouGov for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In the same polling, 33% disagreed about the cost. ToAlms two-thirds were aware of the presence of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, but for the most part, only two in five thought the police had acted tyrannically. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. That\u2019s up from 49% last year according to polling by YouGov for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In the same polling, it was found that 33% disagreed about the cost. ToAlms two-thirds were aware of the presence of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, but for the most part, only two in five thought the police had acted tyrannically. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which Constitutional Amendment officially abolished slavery across the United States?\nChoices: (A)4th Amendment (B)9th Amendment (C)13th Amendment (D)19th Amendment\nEvidence: The 13th Amendment, fiietadr no cmebeDre 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi abolished chattel ryvlaes ni the iUtned States.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th Amendment, enacted on December 6, 1865, abolished chattel slavery across the United States. The 13th", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which city will host the 2024 Democratic National Convention?\nChoices: (A)Atlanta (B)New York (C)Milwaukee (D)Chicago\nEvidence: The 2024 citDrcmeoa ilatNnao Convention llwi eb delh in Chicago, where the rtayp will ilcfoflyia nominate candidates orf president and ceiv idsnepert.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Chicago. The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the rtayp will nominate candidates for president and vice president. The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the rtayp will nominate candidates for president and vice president. The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the rtayp will nominate candidates for president and vice president. The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the rtayp will nominate candidates for president and vice president. The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the rtayp will nominate candidates for president and vice president. The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the rtayp will nominate candidates for president and vice president. The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the rtayp will nominate candidates for president and vice president. The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the rtayp will nominate candidates for president and vice president. The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: President Joe Biden\u2019s dog, Commander, has been involved in several biting incidents, according to the US Secret Service. Which breed of dog is Commander?\nChoices: (A)German Shepherd (B)Goldendoodle (C)Border Collie (D)Siberian Husky\nEvidence: ehT 22-tnomh-dol emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after tWehi House personnel raised nronsecc about estyfa no het premises.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd. The evidence is that the breed of dog is a German Shepherd.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Saudi Arabian football club Al Hilal put in a record \u00a3259 million transfer bid for which French player?\nChoices: (A)Eduardo Camavinga (B)Olivier Giroud (C)Kylian Mbapp\u00e9 (D)Antoine Griezmann\nEvidence: The 24-year-dol striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-aGimner dretlepyor gave hte Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission ot akesp to him after receiving hte roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed claimed Mbapp\u00e9 dha esderfu to ntree atneoniigtso. isH contract with het hceFnr side is due ot expire txen eJnu.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-aGimner dretlepyor gave the Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission to akesp to him after receiving the roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed claimed Mbapp\u00e9 dha esderfu to ntree atniigtso. isH contract with het hceFnr side is due to expire txen eJnu. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-aGimner dretlepyor gave the Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission to akesp to him after receiving the roeff, tbu cnrheF iamed claimed Mbapp\u00e9 dha esderfu to ntree atniigtso. isH contract with het hceFnr side is", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who was named sportswoman of the year at the 2023 Laureus World Sports Awards?\nChoices: (A)Iga \u015awi\u0105tek (B)Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (C)Katie Ledecky (D)Alexia Putellas\nEvidence: The 36-year-old Janiaacm sprinter abet a field that ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Ledecky, itsnen star Iga wk\u0105eit\u015a nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amedn mrssonatp of eht year at the wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The 36-year-old Janiaacm sprinter abet a field that ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Ledecky, itsnen star Iga wkeit nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amedn mrssonatp of eht year at the wsrdaa ni aPisr no oMnayd. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The 36-year-old Janiaacm sprinter abet a field that ducedlni wemsmir iKaet Ledecky, itsnen star Iga wkeit nad 400m esurlhd roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amed", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: How many times will media mogul Rupert Murdoch have been wed following his upcoming marriage to US radio personality Ann Lesley Smith?\nChoices: (A)Two (B)Three (C)Five (D)Six\nEvidence: Teh 92-yera-dol linblreaoii etm Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air nraveiyd alst September, less than a raye after his divorce rofm rhtfuo ewfi rJyre Hall asw nliesfida.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Question: How many times will media mogul Rupert Murdoch have been wed following his upcoming marriage to US radio personality Ann Lesley Smith? Choices: (A)Two (B)Three (C)Five (D)Six Evidence: Teh 92-yera-dol linblreaoii etm Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air nraveiyd alst September, less than a raye after his divorce rofm rhtfuo ewfi rJyre Hall asw nliesfida. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. Question: How many times will media mogul Rupert Murdoch have been wed following his upcoming marriage to US radio personality Ann Lesley Smith? Choices: (A)Two (B)Three (C)Five (D)Six Evidence: Teh 92-yera-dol linblreaoii etm Smith, 66, at", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: President Joe Biden green lit a massive oil drilling venture in Alaska this week. What is it called?\nChoices: (A)The Birch Project (B)The Willow Project (C)The Spruce Plan (D)The Cedar Plan\nEvidence: eTh Biden administration approved eht ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl oejctPr ni aAslka. It si a massive and decades-long oil drilling ruvntee on skAaal\u2019s throN Slope ni the National lroeePtmu vReeres, which si nodwe yb the eefalrd government.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Birch Project. The Birch Project is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserves, which are no longer governed by the federal government. The Birch Project is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserves, which are no longer governed by the federal government. The Birch Project is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserves, which are no longer governed by the federal government. The Birch Project is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserves, which are no longer governed by the federal government. The Birch Project is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserves, which are no longer governed by the federal government. The Birch Project is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserves, which are no longer governed by the federal government. The Birch Project is a massive and decades-", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store?\nChoices: (A)Greggs (B)McDonald\u2019s (C)Pret a Manger (D)KFC\nEvidence: heT British rkabye cniha si set for a courtroom hwswnood twhi snsreteWtmi Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell tho dfoo ta its flagship London uetotl after 11mp. The application asw rejected last ryea after ceopli warned hatt nlsglie teal-gtinh sueaasg rolls risked ulgiefln \u201cmcrei nda disorder\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The British food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that the British food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that the British food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that the British food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that the British food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that the British food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that the British food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that the British food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its Leicester Square store. The evidence is that the British food chain is launching a legal battle after being refused a 24-hour licence at its", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Why did Prince Harry make a surprise appearance in London this week?\nChoices: (A)To attend a High Court hearing (B)To attend a charity event (C)To rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation (D)For relationship-building talks with Prince William\nEvidence: eTh California-based yralo attended sierahng ni a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, zLi lreHyu and deSia Frost \u2013 have tbuohgr tsagain cAdateoiss Newspapers iLdmeit for ledagel privacy breaches.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Question: Why did Prince Harry make a surprise appearance in London this week? Choices: (A)To attend a High Court hearing (B)To attend a charity event (C)To rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation (D)For relationship-building talks with Prince William Evidence: eTh California-based yralo attended sierahng ni a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, zLi lreHyu and deSia Frost \u2013 have tbuohgr tsagain cAdateoiss Newspapers iLdmeit for ledagel privacy breaches. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. Question: Why did Prince Harry make a surprise appearance in London this week? Choices: (A)To attend a High Court hearing (B)To attend a charity event (C)To rehearse his role in King Charles\u2019s coronation", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Drive-in movies were a popular summer pastime in the \u201850s and \u201860s. When did the first drive-in movie theater open in the US?\nChoices: (A)1920s (B)1930s (C)1940s (D)1950s\nEvidence: hTe Camden Drive-nI in Camden, New Jersey enpdoe in nJue fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents rof the arc and 25 nsect erp osenrp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Camden Drive-in opened in Camden, New Jersey in June of 1933. The cost of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents for the passenger. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive-in opened in June of 1933. The evidence is that the Camden Drive", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The Church of England is selling off what kind of shares to \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Travel and tourism (B)Oil and gas (C)Defence and arms (D)Luxury retail\nEvidence: The Church fo England is silegln tis etnsniesvtm ni BP, Slelh and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. pcArohsihb of rrCuabntye Justin beylW, a ormfer ilo industry korewr, idas the climate isrisc \u201cthreatens eht planet ew live on\u201d. For 10 things you dnee ot nokw eahc yad, sign pu to eht Daily feginBir twetnelsre.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Church of England is selling off shares in BP, Shell and the oil and gas network because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. The Church of England is selling off shares in BP, Shell and the oil and gas network because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. The Church of England is selling off shares in BP, Shell and the oil and gas network because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. The Church of England is selling off shares in BP, Shell and the oil and gas network because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. The Church of England is selling off shares in BP, Shell and the oil and gas network because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. The Church of England is selling off shares in BP, Shell and the oil and gas network because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. The Church of England is selling off shares in BP, Shell and the oil and gas network because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. The Church of England is selling off shares in BP, Shell and the oil and gas network because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. The Church of England is selling off shares in BP, Shell", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: On July 4, 1776, the Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence at a meeting in which city?\nChoices: (A)Baltimore (B)Philadelphia (C)Boston (D)New York\nEvidence: heT Continental nCsresgo ddtopea the aelaDrotcin fo necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State oesuH \u2013 now Independence llaH.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Continental Congress met in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall. The Declaration of Independence was adopted at a meeting in Philadelphia. The Continental Congress met in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall. The Declaration of Independence was adopted at a meeting in Philadelphia. The Continental Congress met in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall. The Declaration of Independence was adopted at a meeting in Philadelphia. The Continental Congress met in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall. The Declaration of Independence was adopted at a meeting in Philadelphia. The Continental Congress met in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall. The Declaration of Independence was adopted at a meeting in Philadelphia. The Continental Congress met in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall. The Declaration of Independence was adopted at a meeting in Philadelphia. The Continental Congress met in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall. The Declaration of Independence was adopted at a meeting in Philadelphia. The Continental Congress met in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall. The Declaration of Independence was adopted at a meeting in Philadelphia. The Continental Congress met in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which members of the Royal Family were involved in what they called a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week?\nChoices: (A)Princess Anne and Timothy Laurence (B)Prince William and Catherine, Princess of Wales (C)Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex (D)King Charles III and Queen Camilla\nEvidence: The Duke nda eDucssh of sesxuS have dsai tath they were olevndiv ni a \u201caner catastrophic arc aches\u201d onigilnvv paparazzi photographers in wNe York. nI a statement, heyt described gibne elyelrtenssl dusprue by a gang of paparazzi in aklcdbe-otu iseveclh for wto ursoh. New York City police fdcomrnie that while the laroy couple\u2019s yrnejuo aws challenging, there rewe on rtedreop collisions, umeosmssn, sjiineur or asrrset.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said they were involved in what they called a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d in New York earlier this week. The evidence is that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have dsai tath they were olevndiv ni a \u201cnear catastrophic arc aches\u201d onigilnvv paparazzi photographers in wNe York. In a statement, they described being elyelrtenssl dusprue by a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparazzi in a gang of paparaz", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Michael van Gerwen has made Premier League Darts history by winning the tournament how many times?\nChoices: (A)Four (B)Six (C)Seven (D)Nine\nEvidence: Teh Dutch astr btea Gerwyn Price 11-5 to nwi het Premier League taDrs inlaf ta oonLdn\u2019s 02 Arena no Thursday. Van Gerwen ktsea the titles record orfm six-mesti nnwire Phil aorTyl.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Van Gerwen has won the tournament six times. The question asks how many times. The answer is six. The evidence shows that Van Gerwen has won the tournament six times. The question asks how many times. The answer is six. The evidence shows that Van Gerwen has won the tournament six times. The question asks how many times. The answer is six. The evidence shows that Van Gerwen has won the tournament six times. The question asks how many times. The answer is six. The evidence shows that Van Gerwen has won the tournament six times. The question asks how many times. The answer is six. The evidence shows that Van Gerwen has won the tournament six times. The question asks how many times. The answer is six. The evidence shows that Van Gerwen has won the tournament six times. The question asks how many times. The answer is six. The evidence shows that Van Gerwen has won the tournament six times. The question asks how many times. The answer is six. The evidence shows that Van Gerwen has won the tournament six times. The question asks how many times. The answer is six. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The FBI this week said people should avoid using which public technology?\nChoices: (A)Airport Wi-Fi (B)Gas station ATMs (C)Phone charging stations (D)Car charging stations\nEvidence: ehT BIF warned eolepp against using public phone charging otsinast ni order to avoid oisxgnep hiter deiesvc to iiaulcsom tfoaewrs.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is that the FBI this week said people should avoid using which public technology? Question: The FBI this week said people should avoid using which public technology? Choices: (A)Airport Wi-Fi (B)Gas station ATMs (C)Phone charging stations (D)Car charging stations Evidence: ehT BIF warned eolepp against using public phone charging otsinast ni order to avoid oisxgnep hiter deiesvc to iiaulcsom tfoaewrs. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The evidence is that the FBI this week said people should avoid using which public technology? Question: The FBI this week said people should avoid using which public technology? Choices: (A)Airport Wi-Fi (B)Gas station ATMs (C)Phone charging stations (D)Car charging stations Evidence: ehT BIF warned eolepp against using public phone charging otsinast ni order to avoid oisxgnep hiter", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus?\nChoices: (A)RSV (B)Flu (C)Covid-19 (D)Measles\nEvidence: The ADF no Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s VRS vaccine for drleo taulsd, eth osdecn such osht repdvpoa fro the virus.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "RSV. The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus? The FDA this week approved a new vaccine for which common virus?", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The Federal Trade Commission announced this week it is suing which company, alleging it tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its paid subscription service?\nChoices: (A)DoorDash (B)Disney (C)Walmart (D)Amazon\nEvidence: The TCF is suing zomaAn, iglelnag ttha the e-mrmececo giant hsa tricked millions fo reuscosmn into gsnngii up for sit Prime soipibsunrtc sriecev through deceptive user nefearcit designs. ehT acmnoitpl osal takes aim ta Amazon fro ldayeegll tyrgni ot keep erssu subscribed who wehsid to cancel their rimphmsebse.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "D. The evidence is that the TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its paid subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The answer is Amazon. The evidence is that the TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its paid subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The answer is Amazon. The evidence is that the TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its paid subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The answer is Amazon. The evidence is that the TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its paid subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The answer is Amazon. The evidence is that the TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its paid subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The answer is Amazon. The evidence is that the TCF is", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Ford is recalling about 176,000 vehicles over difficult-to-reach seatbelts. Which model is being recalled?\nChoices: (A)F-150 (B)Mustang (C)Bronco (D)Escape\nEvidence: eTh rdoF Bronco si beign creldael uebesca people may tge \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to eus the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic tSyafe Administration said.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The Bronco is being recalled. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which university\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House?\nChoices: (A)University of Texas (B)University of Georgia (C)University of Oklahoma (D)University of Oregon\nEvidence: eTh egGaoir osgdlluB tobaflol team declined na invitation to vsiti het White House entx omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, ngiays \u201cthe etda utgdeessg si not bafseeli given hte student-athlete calendar and time fo year.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The University of Georgia\u2019s football team declined an invitation this week to the White House. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Revellers pelted each other with more than 10,000kg of what food at a festival in the Colombian town of Sutamarch\u00e1n?\nChoices: (A)Tomatoes (B)Rice (C)Bananas (D)Cooked pasta\nEvidence: The Ganr Tomatina festival celebrates the den fo the harvest season. The lnunaa dofo ghfti swa ecclnldae during teh pandemic utb returned ofr a 15ht igstagn no Sunday.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that the festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The festival was canceled during the pandemic but returned on a Sunday. The evidence is that the festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The festival was canceled during the pandemic but returned on a Sunday. The evidence is that the festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The festival was canceled during the pandemic but returned on a Sunday. The evidence is that the festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The festival was canceled during the pandemic but returned on a Sunday. The evidence is that the festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The festival was canceled during the pandemic but returned on a Sunday. The evidence is that the festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The festival was canceled during the pandemic but returned on a Sunday. The evidence is that the festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The festival was canceled during the pandemic but returned on a Sunday. The evidence is that the festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The festival was canceled during the pandemic but returned on ", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Scientists have warned that a 5,000-mile-long mass of what species of seaweed is drifting towards Florida\u2019s coast?\nChoices: (A)Cladophora (B)Ulva (C)Sargassum (D)Fucus\nEvidence: The tarGe Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from eWts Africa ot teh Gulf of xieoMc dna is no roescu to reach aoirFld rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months. sA well as wreaking havoc on laloc ecsmssyoet, raetf micgon ashore the tonrtig eaewdse emits ticxo sfeum that may eb harmful to nmuahs. nFid out more tihw ehT keWe Unpdrwape podcast.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum. The evidence is that the seaweed is Sargassum", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date?\nChoices: (A)December 1, 2023 (B)June 1, 2024 (C)January 1, 2025 (D)April 1, 2025\nEvidence: The oeHsu tvdoe overwhelmingly on Wednesday ot pass a bill ot suspend the taonni\u2019s debt limit hgouhrt aunrJay 1, 2025, as kawmalres rcae ot pveetnr a sachtotpirca default.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025. The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date? The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date? The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date? The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date? The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date? The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date? The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date? The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date? The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which date? The House of Representatives passed a bill this week to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through which", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Italian town of Portofino is banning tourists from doing what?\nChoices: (A)Lingering in photogenic spots (B)Taking alcoholic drinks into the sea (C)Kissing in public (D)Wearing short shorts\nEvidence: eTh Iaantli Riviera tnow is duionrictng nsife fo up to \u20ac275 for itorleing ni designated on-waiting nzeos, ni a idb ot vnptree etters blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence shows that tourists are being fined up to \u20ac275 for lingering in designated on-waiting zones, a move to prevent visual tree-tree blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which state was sued by the Justice Department this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border?\nChoices: (A)California (B)Arizona (C)New Mexico (D)Texas\nEvidence: eTh ueJscti aermtDtpne is iungs to cefro axseT to movree ntilagfo barriers ni eht Rio Grande, which ovG. Greg otAtbb has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf sonricsg into het state from ecixMo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Texas. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border. The Justice Department sued Texas this week over the construction of a barrier along the US-Mexico border.", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which university recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship?\nChoices: (A)University of Iowa (B)Louisiana State University (C)University of South Carolina (D)University of Miami\nEvidence: hTe LSU Tigers edadetfe eht Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 to inw eth program\u2019s first NCAA menwo\u2019s basketball ilontana nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, netonis ensued this week terfa first lady Jill Biden tseugsged that eth White seHou ghitm invite tbho USL nda runner-up waoI to Washington for a njoit celebration.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The LSU Tigers defeated the Iwoa aesHykew 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. Moreover, controversy ensued this week when first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White House invite the USL nda runner-up team to Washington for a njoit celebration. The University of Iowa recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of South Carolina recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of Miami recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of South Carolina recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of South Carolina recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of South Carolina recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of South Carolina recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of South Carolina recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of South Carolina recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of South Carolina recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship. The University of South Carolina recently won its first NCAA women\u2019s basketball championship", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Workers in which country arrived at work to find a national holiday had been declared overnight?\nChoices: (A)Lithuania (B)Estonia (C)Latvia (D)Poland\nEvidence: The Latvian trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at het world nmpiishapcsho.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Latvia. The Latvian government met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the team\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at the world nmpiishapcsho. The Latvian government met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the team\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at the world nmpiishapcsho. The Latvian trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at the world nmpiishapcsho. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Latvia. The Latvian trpelaniam met ta midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the tuyorcn\u2019s eic okyech atem won a eobrnz ladme at the", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which England football player scored twice in Tuesday\u2019s 6-1 win against China at the Women\u2019s World Cup?\nChoices: (A)Rachel Daily (B)Lauren Hemp (C)Lauren James (D)Alessia Russo\nEvidence: The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth tlsa 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni raaAuislt and ewN Zealand, htiw losag yb Chelsea forward seJam, Asaisel Russo, reanLu Hemp, Chloe elyKl nda Rachel Daly.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Evidence: The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth tlsa 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni raAuislt and ewN Zealand, htiw losag yb Chelsea forward seJam, Asaisel Russo, reanLu Hemp, Chloe elyKl nda Rachel Daly. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Evidence: The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth tlsa 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni raAuislt and ewN Zealand, htiw losag yb Chelsea forward seJam, Asaisel Russo, reanLu Hemp, Chloe elyKl nda Rachel Daly. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Evidence: The Lionesses ruedsec a place in e", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Who won the 2023 Tony Award for best leading actress?\nChoices: (A)Sheridan Smith (B)Jessica Chastain (C)Jodie Comer (D)Laura Linney\nEvidence: The ovoipLelr-born trsa scooped the nTyo wrAad for her Broadway etdub ni het oen-awmon play \u201ciarmP Facei\u201d. Comer also won an vrliiOe Award erraeil hist year ofr the tWse End ievnsor of the otpourindc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence states that the Tony Award winner was for her Broadway debut in the one-person play \u201cIrma Face\u201d. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony Award is for best leading actress. The Tony", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Commons standards committee this week recommended suspending which MP?\nChoices: (A)Boris Johnson (B)Chris Pincher (C)Nadine Dorries (D)Nigel Adams\nEvidence: The MP orf Tamworth faces na hgeit-kwee sonisepnus following a adsdtSnar Committee rtpero into sexual taaslsu allegations. eTh codimomrneanet could trigger a lealrc petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, npgiva hte way orf a yb-cnoeetli.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile suspension following a House of Commons Standards Committee review into sexual assault allegations. The code of conduct could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile suspension following a House of Commons Standards Committee review into sexual assault allegations. The code of conduct could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile suspension following a House of Commons Standards Committee review into sexual assault allegations. The code of conduct could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile suspension following a House of Commons Standards Committee review into sexual assault allegations. The code of conduct could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election. The MP for Tamworth faces a high-profile suspension following a House of Commons Standards Committee review into sexual assault", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park?\nChoices: (A)Dartmoor (B)Lake District (C)New Forest (D)Yorkshire Dales\nEvidence: The National Park routhtyAi isht kewe won na appeal gsanati a High Court unilgr in January that virtsios idd nto haev eth right ot cmap on Dartmoor htoiwtu het noswnrelad\u2019 nmorsepisi. The national rpka in oDnve is eth ylno place in England nad Wales erehw wild camping is eallg, urdne a dedseac-old oclla law.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Dartmoor. The evidence is that the public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained the right to \u201cwild camp\u201d in which English national park? The public have regained", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The World Health Organization recently warned of a \u201chuge biological risk\u201d after a laboratory was seized by fighters in which country?\nChoices: (A)Sudan (B)Iran (C)Ukraine (D)Cameroon\nEvidence: The National bilPcu aletHh Laboratory was zidees this week yb stgfhier ni dunSa\u2019s iaalctp fo Khartoum. A high-ranking medical rsoeuc ltdo CNN tath the lab, which contains samples fo sedisesa and tehor biological material, ahd enbe tkaen over yb the Rapid Support resFco, hte riapmyatiral group lnbtatgi the aeSsneud Armed roesFc rfo control of eth country.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Sudan. The evidence is that the World Health Organization recently warned of a \u201chuge biological risk\u201d after a laboratory was seized by fighters in Sudan. The evidence is that the National bilPcu aletHh Laboratory was seized this week by Sudan\u2019s security forces near Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of sedisesa and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the rebel group laying claim to the country. The evidence is that the National bilPcu aletHh Laboratory was seized this week by Sudan\u2019s security forces near Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of sedisesa and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the rebel group laying claim to the country. The evidence is that the World Health Organization recently warned of a \u201chuge biological risk\u201d after a laboratory was seized by fighters in Sudan. The evidence is that the National bilPcu aletHh Laboratory was seized this week by Sudan\u2019s security forces near Khar", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Memorial Day weekend is a great time to hit the beach. Which state is known as The Ocean State?\nChoices: (A)Florida (B)New Jersey (C)California (D)Rhode Island\nEvidence: The cOaen aStte is het official nickname of Rhode Island. While the ttsea is eth ssmtllae ni het union, it astbso mseo 400 miles fo senhliero.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Rhode Island. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. While the sea is the smallest state in the union, it is more than 400 miles from the shoreline. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. While the sea is the smallest state in the union, it is more than 400 miles from the shoreline. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. While the sea is the smallest state in the union, it is more than 400 miles from the shoreline. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. While the sea is the smallest state in the union, it is more than 400 miles from the shoreline. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. While the sea is the smallest state in the union, it is more than 400 miles from the shoreline. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. While the sea is the smallest state in the union, it is more than 400 miles from the shoreline. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. While the sea is the smallest state in the union, it is more than 400 miles from the shoreline. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. While the sea is the smallest state in the union, it is more than 400 miles from the shoreline. The Ocean State is Rhode Island. While the sea is the", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which film star is on trial in Utah over a \u201chit and run\u201d skiing accident?\nChoices: (A)Natalie Portman (B)Salma Hayek (C)Gwyneth Paltrow (D)Michelle Pfeiffer\nEvidence: The Oscar-nwginni tarco si nebgi sued by a man skeigne $300,000 ni actpnimsenoo ofr injuries geeldllya sustained wehn she shdaerc into mhi on a Utah kis slope in 2016. trlowPa laiscm eetrrid optometrist Terry soernndaS lddeiolc with erh nda si countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Oscar-winning actress is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for injuries he sustained when she skied into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. The Oscar-winning actress is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for injuries he sustained when she skied into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. The Oscar-winning actress is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for injuries he sustained when she skied into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. The Oscar-winning actress is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for injuries he sustained when she skied into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. The Oscar-winning actress is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for injuries he sustained when she skied into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. The Oscar-winning actress is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for injuries he sustained when she skied into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. The Oscar-winning actress is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for injuries he sustained when she", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which fruit crop in Georgia has been severely impacted by extreme winter weather?\nChoices: (A)Strawberries (B)Blueberries (C)Peaches (D)Apples\nEvidence: The Peach State tosl 90% fo its tpaels fruit opcr tish eayr etrfa nbralyloam amrw winter thwreae nda a late-season freeze, researchers say.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The evidence shows that the Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year to extreme winter weather. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which country completely shut down its airspace for several hours this week to replace malfunctioning electrical equipment?\nChoices: (A)Indonesia (B)Thailand (C)Malaysia (D)Philippines\nEvidence: The Philippines lifrbye shut tsi pericaas in a bid to caltek recent taoiprr outages. In hist ayer aenlo, two major outages ta the rtraiop asduce widespread hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of naudsthos of passengers.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Philippines. The Philippines lifrbye shut tsi pericaas in a bid to caltek recent taoiprr outages. In hist ayer aenlo, two major outages ta the rtraiop asduce widespread hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of naudsthos of passengers. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Philippines. The Philippines lifrbye shut tsi pericaas in a bid to caltek recent taoiprr outages. In hist ayer aenlo, two major outages ta the rtraiop asduce widespread hsoca thiw drenhsud fo tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of naudsthos of passengers. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D,", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which royal made a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show?\nChoices: (A)Anne, Princess Royal (B)The Duke of York, Prince Andrew (C)The Princess of Wales, Kate Middleton (D)The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle\nEvidence: heT Princess of lWesa joined het Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s srtfi eevr rehicnld\u2019s picnic, trpa of a campaign yb niaerosrg Royal Horticultural etSyico (RHS) ot soobt loocsh drenaiggn. The launan owsh also featured exhibitions paying tribute ot eneuQ laEeibthz II.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Princess of Wales, Kate Middleton, joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s special evergreen children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to raise awareness of soil erosion. The Chelsea Flower Show also featured exhibitions paying tribute to the late Queen Elizabeth II. The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, did not make a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, did not make a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, did not make a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, did not make a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, did not make a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, did not make a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower Show. The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, did not make a surprise visit to this week\u2019s Chelsea Flower", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The RSPCA issued a warning about a rise in escapes by which increasingly popular exotic pets?\nChoices: (A)Lizards (B)Sugar gliders (C)Tarantulas (D)Snakes\nEvidence: The RSPCA said calls ot its anesk hotline erwe ta na lla-time ighh, dan wrdnea of an dexetpec aisercne in ssepeca revo teh mmruse as eth reptiles ocmebe omer active ni hot weather. Find out more with The Week erdnaUppw atcsopd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Lizards. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Snakes are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Lizards are increasingly popular exotic pets. Sugar gliders are not increasingly popular exotic pets. Tarantulas", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: What is the official dish of the coronation of King Charles III?\nChoices: (A)Shepherd's pie (B)Beef Wellington (C)Quiche (D)Blueberry scone\nEvidence: Teh Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made whti nsicahp, avaf beans nad arotgnar sa the vteen\u2019s ifcailfo hdis. The recipe nsdelciu sgeg, cream nda decahrd cheese, according to the Ryaol website.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": ". The evidence is that the quiche is made with spinach, butter beans, and asparagus. The recipe includes cream, cheese, and eggs. The evidence is that the quiche is made with spinach, butter beans, and asparagus. The recipe includes cream, cheese, and eggs. The evidence is that the quiche is made with spinach, butter beans, and asparagus. The recipe includes cream, cheese, and eggs. The evidence is that the quiche is made with spinach, butter beans, and asparagus. The recipe includes cream, cheese, and eggs. The evidence is that the quiche is made with spinach, butter beans, and asparagus. The recipe includes cream, cheese, and eggs. The evidence is that the quiche is made with spinach, butter beans, and asparagus. The recipe includes cream, cheese, and eggs. The evidence is that the quiche is made with spinach, butter beans, and asparagus. The recipe includes cream, cheese, and eggs. The evidence is that the quiche is made with spinach, butter beans, and asparagus. The recipe includes cream, cheese, and eggs. The evidence is that the quiche is made with spinach, butter beans, and asparagus. The recipe includes cream, cheese, and eggs. The evidence", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city?\nChoices: (A)Brasilia (B)Johannesburg (C)Delhi (D)Beijing\nEvidence: hTe siaunsR leader illw ton edttna an economic mmsiut ni Johannesburg next month, kngcdiu the possibility fo asrtre no na International Caminirl touCr (CIC) indictment accusing him of rwa crimes. As a member fo het CIC, htoSu Africa dluow have been obliged ot rrteas Putin fi eh itveids the utynorc, but Russia had \u201cmade ti lcera\u201d that this would be \u201ca ldtoiaecrna fo war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s edsntrpie, lriCy hRaamaosp.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit in which city? Vladimir Putin avoided possible arrest by deciding to skip a summit", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Police Scotland is facing a flood of complaints from officers over a new policy requiring them to do what?\nChoices: (A)Work longer hours (B)Undergo monthly fitness assessments (C)Stop wearing aftershave and perfume (D)Shave off beards and moustaches\nEvidence: The Scottish lcePio raeFentiod, which represents police officers, ash reported gbine \u201ctinnaddue with complaints\u201d over the clypio, which eth oercf idsa wsa aysesrecn so atht tsffa odlcu wear pevcteirto PFF3 masks hatt reeqriu users ot be clean-sanhve. Four frfocesi are reportedly taking legal action ni relation ot the elur, ued ot come noit cfeeft on 29 May.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated\u201d with complaints over the policy, which requires officers to wear protective P3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four forces are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the policy, which is due to come into force on 29 May. The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated\u201d with complaints over the policy, which requires officers to wear protective P3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four forces are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the policy, which is due to come into force on 29 May. The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated\u201d with complaints over the policy, which requires officers to wear protective P3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four forces are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the policy, which is due to come into force on 29 May. The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated\u201d with complaints over the policy, which requires officers to wear protective P3 masks that require users to be clean-shave", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The Supreme Court this week ruled Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity?\nChoices: (A)Michael Jackson (B)Prince (C)Marilyn Monroe (D)Muhammad Ali\nEvidence: The Supreme tCuro ruled Tahysrud ttha the elta ydAn oWhalr ednniirgf on a photographer\u2019s crhoigtyp when eh ectdare a series of lksi cernsse based no a photograph fo the late singer rPicen.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Michael Jackson. The Supreme Court this week ruled Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Question: The Supreme Court this week ruled Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Choices: (A)Michael Jackson (B)Prince (C)Marilyn Monroe (D)Muhammad Ali Evidence: The Supreme tCuro ruled Tahysrud ttha the elta ydAn oWhalr ednniirgf on a photographer\u2019s crhoigtyp when eh ectdare a series of lksi cernsse based no a photograph fo the late singer rPicen. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Michael Jackson. The Supreme Court this week ruled Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he recreated prints of which celebrity? Question:", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: How many Peloton bikes were recalled this week over a potential safety hazard?\nChoices: (A)500 (B)4,000 (C)300,000 (D)2 million\nEvidence: The SU esmCuorn Product tfyeaS Commission elercald 2 million Peloton bikes due ot a stafye razhad caused by teh sdteujbala seat htat ocdlu rakeb during esu and injure the iedrr.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "2 million. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for 2 million bikes. The recall was for", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Three retired US military veterans testified Wednesday at a House hearing on unidentified anomalous phenomena \u2014 commonly known as UFOs. Around how many UFO cases is the government tracking?\nChoices: (A)170 (B)220 (C)430 (D)650\nEvidence: heT US rgenontmve si tracking rdauon 650 OUF cases. btuoA ahfl of ohtes ear being iertrdiiopz for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a oenaPntg liiofcaf.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. However, not all of the cases are being evaluated for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a liiofcaf. The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. However, not all of the cases are being evaluated for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a liiofcaf. The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. However, not all of the cases are being evaluated for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a liiofcaf. The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. However, not all of the cases are being evaluated for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a liiofcaf. The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. However, not all of the cases are being evaluated for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a liiofcaf. The evidence shows that the government is tracking 650 UFO cases. However, not all of the cases are being evaluated for \u201canom", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: How many potential UFO cases is the US government currently tracking?\nChoices: (A)5 (B)60 (C)205 (D)650\nEvidence: The SU rgenontmve si gckniatr mero than 650 leiopntat OUF ecssa, according to the Pentagon. Despite nietnoudc speculation, floicafis ettrdieera this week that reeht\u2019s no cineveed of extraterrestrial life ni het gsitnghis.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "D. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. The Pentagon has tracked more than 650 UFO cases, according to the", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation?\nChoices: (A)Palau (B)Tonga (C)Samoa (D)Vanuatu\nEvidence: hTe SU opened an myebsas in het aiifccP ladisn inonat fo oagTn on Tuesday, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa move to broaden its diplomatic footprint ni a region where iCnah has been increasing tsi influence ni ctenre erysa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Vanuatu. The US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? Question: The US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? Choices: (A)Palau (B)Tonga (C)Samoa (D)Vanuatu Evidence: hTe SU opened an myebsas in het aiifccP ladisn inonat fo oagTn on Tuesday, htoasignnW\u2019s ettlsa move to broaden its diplomatic footprint ni a region where iCnah has been increasing its influence ni ctenre erysa. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Vanuatu. The US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? Question: The US opened an embassy this week in which Pacific island nation? Choices: (A)Palau (B)Tonga (C)Samoa (D)Vanuatu Evidence: hTe SU opened an myebsa", "pred": "D", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country?\nChoices: (A)England (B)Spain (C)France (D)Mexico\nEvidence: The US desrchaup 828,000 square esiml of nadl west fo the Mississippi rieRv from erncaF for $15 imilonl \u2013 doubling eth zsie of hte anniot.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The US purchased the Louisiana Territory from France. The US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country? In 1803, the US purchased the Louisiana Territory from which country?", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The United Nations commemorated World Refugee Day on Tuesday. According to UN estimates, approximately how many refugees are there worldwide?\nChoices: (A)35 million (B)50 million (C)85 million (D)120 million\nEvidence: heT ntUedi sNnotai ghHi nroiiCemossm for suegfRee estimates the eurbnm of sefurgee worldwide is arpcgnoipha 35 limlino lpepeo \u2014 although that number does ton include the millions of forcibly displaced loppee owh have tno been anrdetg ugeeerf sutast.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence states that the estimate of 35 million refugees worldwide is approximately correct, although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been counted as refugees. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which country is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty?\nChoices: (A)Nigeria (B)Ghana (C)Zimbabwe (D)Uganda\nEvidence: hTe West African otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin has ovted ot ahblosi the death enplyta, fifroeng na expected ereervpi for 176 edcmnedno prisoners. fI sdPetrnei Nana Akufo-ddoA assents ot the new law, naGah will cmoeeb het 124ht nintoa in het world to outlaw the penalty.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Ghana. The evidence states that Ghana is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The question asks which country is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The answer is B. The evidence states that Ghana is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The question asks which country is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The answer is B. The evidence states that Ghana is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The question asks which country is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The answer is B. The evidence states that Ghana is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The question asks which country is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The answer is B. The evidence states that Ghana is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The question asks which country is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The answer is B. The evidence states that Ghana is set to become the 29th African nation to abolish the death penalty. The question ask", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The Biden administration is monitoring a potentially major labor strike brewing in which industry?\nChoices: (A)Hospitality (B)Retail (C)Food (D)Automotive\nEvidence: Teh White oesHu is gkatin ptsse to idvoa a damaging uota kstier. Members of a large auto workers nouni ahev eeeantdhtr ot strike over teh ndiutysr\u2019s planned snintoatri to electric vehicle production nda new iionssmes tasdrnsad.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Automotive. The evidence is that the White House is taking steps to avert a damaging unrest in the industry. Members of a large auto workers union have eanthtr ot strike over the company\u2019s planned shift to electric vehicle production and new tax measures adopted. The evidence is that the White House is taking steps to avert a damaging unrest in the industry. Members of a large auto workers union have eanthtr ot strike over the company\u2019s planned shift to electric vehicle production and new tax measures adopted. The evidence is that the White House is taking steps to avert a damaging unrest in the industry. Members of a large auto workers union have eanthtr ot strike over the company\u2019s planned shift to electric vehicle production and new tax measures adopted. The evidence is that the White House is taking steps to avert a damaging unrest in the industry. Members of a large auto workers union have eanthtr ot strike over the company\u2019s planned shift to electric vehicle production and new tax measures adopted. The evidence is that the White House is taking steps to avert a damaging", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: A writers strike that began this week is impacting production on late night and scripted TV shows. How long has the union signaled that the work stoppage could last?\nChoices: (A)Days (B)Weeks (C)Months (D)Years\nEvidence: The etiWrsr ulGdi of rciameA, representing more than 11,000 rmeesmb, ash eitdnh that the owkr stoppage could tsla orf many tmsnho. heT last AWG sekrti ran rfo 100 days rofm 2007 to 2008.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence shows that the writers strike began this week is impacting production on late night and scripted TV shows. The evidence shows that the writers union of writers, representing more than 11,000 writers, has signaled that the work stoppage could last many months. The evidence shows that the writers union of writers, representing more than 11,000 writers, has signaled that the work stoppage could last many months. The evidence shows that the writers union of writers, representing more than 11,000 writers, has signaled that the work stoppage could last many months. The evidence shows that the writers union of writers, representing more than 11,000 writers, has signaled that the work stoppage could last many months. The evidence shows that the writers union of writers, representing more than 11,000 writers, has signaled that the work stoppage could last many months. The evidence shows that the writers union of writers, representing more than 11,000 writers, has signaled that the work stoppage could last many months. The evidence shows that the writers union of writers, representing more than 11,000 writers, has signaled that the work stoppage could last many months. The evidence shows that the writers union of writers, representing more", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The world\u2019s last gaslit cinema is reopening in which city?\nChoices: (A)Lincoln (B)Liverpool (C)Leicester (D)Leeds\nEvidence: Teh Yorkshire itcy\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm restoration. heT imnaec first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to edert \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d yb patrons.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The Yorkshire tcy\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm restoration. The imnaec first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to edert \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d yb patrons. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The Yorkshire tcy\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on aiyrdF 30 uJen trafe a \u00a34.8 lniiolm restoration. The imnaec first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to edert \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d yb patrons. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The Yorkshire tcy\u2019s Hyed Park urtciPe House dopeener on ai", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which Hollywood star has become a father again at the age of 79?\nChoices: (A)Harrison Ford (B)Al Pacino (C)Robert De Niro (D)Morgan Freeman\nEvidence: heT ratco revealed iths week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star truscitnro Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo hrite daughter, Gia igniriaV hnCe-eD Niro. He ash six ertoh children, whose eags range ni ega mrof 11 ot 51.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Robert De Niro. Question: Which Hollywood star has become a father again at the age of 79? Choices: (A)Harrison Ford (B)Al Pacino (C)Robert De Niro (D)Morgan Freeman Evidence: heT ratco revealed iths week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star truscitnro Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo hrite daughter, Gia igniriaV hnCe-eD Niro. He ash six ertoh children, whose eags range ni ega mrof 11 ot 51. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Robert De Niro. Question: Which Hollywood star has become a father again at the age of 79? Choices: (A)Harrison Ford (B)Al Pacino (C)Robert De Niro (D)Morgan Freeman Evidence: heT ratco revealed iths week tt", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What type of eco-friendly funeral option is becoming available in the UK this year?\nChoices: (A)\u201cBoil in the bag\u201d water cremations (B)Human composting (C)\u201cCannibal\u201d funerals (D)\u201cBurn to earn\u201d energy-generating cremations\nEvidence: The alternative ot riaatldtoin cremation dna burial will become het UK\u2019s first new lgale method of corpse disposal since het Cremation Act fo 1902. The psersoc involves isoingdlsv a dyob ni a abg ni 160C water aettrde htwi an alkali adn hsa a wlroe oabnrc footprint hnta gas-fired tiocnaemr.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a body in a bag in 160C water augmented with an alkali and has a smaller carbon footprint than a gas-fired turbine. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a body in a bag in 160C water augmented with an alkali and has a smaller carbon footprint than a gas-fired turbine. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a body in a bag in 160C water augmented with an alkali and has a smaller carbon footprint than a gas-fired turbine. The alternative to cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isolating a body in a bag", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Short daily naps may help keep the brain healthy by doing what, according to a newly published University College London study?\nChoices: (A)Slowing age-related brain shrinkage (B)Improving blood flow to the hippocampus (C)Strengthening neural pathways (D)Boosting Dopamine levels\nEvidence: The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 ot 69 linked habitual npas with arlgre brain omlvue veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer asery fo niagge. Find uot more hiwt The eWke rwppdaUen otsacpd.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with 6.5 fewer years of age-related brain shrinkage. The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with 6.5 fewer years of age-related brain shrinkage. The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with 6.5 fewer years of age-related brain shrinkage. The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with 6.5 fewer years of age-related brain shrinkage. The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with 6.5 fewer years of age-related brain shrinkage. The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with 6.5 fewer years of age-related brain shrinkage. The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with 6.5 fewer years of age-related brain shrinkage. The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with 6.5 fewer years of age-related brain shrinkage. The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habit", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Latest analysis by Reporters Without Borders (RSF) found that which country ranks lowest for press freedom?\nChoices: (A)Vietnam (B)China (C)Iran (D)North Korea\nEvidence: heT inslasay of press freedom ni 180 countries dan territories upt the hetrmi kingdom in last cplae on the nnaula World ssreP Freeomd Index, followed yb anmtVie and nChai. Norway topped the ganrkni ofr eht thesenv eayr ni a row.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Vietnam. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam is the last country in the list. Vietnam", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which state is now home to America\u2019s highest gas prices, taking the crown from California?\nChoices: (A)Hawaii (B)Washington (C)Alaska (D)Mississippi\nEvidence: The average soct of lugrrae gasoline ni tangsWinoh has jumped by remo ntah 30 cents ni teh spta ohmtn to more nath $4.90 a gallon, according ot AAA. Gas ni Crnaliiofa si nearly 10 cents cheaper.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The average price of gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper. The average price of gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper. The average price of gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper. The average price of gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper. The average price of gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper. The average price of gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Watermelon is a popular summertime treat. About what percentage of a watermelon is water?\nChoices: (A)90% (B)80% (C)75% (D)50%\nEvidence: The average watermelon si uobat 92% etrwa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average watermelon is 92% water. The average water", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Earth saw its hottest day on record this week. What was the global temperature on Tuesday that exceeded all previous records?\nChoices: (A)62.9\u00b0F (B)75.5\u00b0F (C)99.9\u00b0F (D)130.2\u00b0F\nEvidence: The average riwwlddeo umtaerrtpee on Tuesday caeredh a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Wheil het low 60s mya not sound revy toh to teh oiillmsn fo Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the ugifer si tsoalm a full dreeeg Celsius vaoeb eth eargave tutarerpeem between 1979 nda 2000 and ptesrnrese a ewn indicator that Earth\u2019s tcmiale si heating pu faster ntha anticipated.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0F. The average global temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 62.9\u00b0", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: According to sources, the spy balloon that was shot down over the US earlier this year was able to transmit information back to which country in real time?\nChoices: (A)Russia (B)China (C)North Korea (D)India\nEvidence: heT balloon was bale ot smtartin nrioaniftmo back ot Beijing in real time, a source tlod NNC, and eht SU rnmenogevt ltlis does tno know for seru whether the Csnihee government dclou wipe the balloon\u2019s adta sa ti eeveirdc it.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence states that the spy balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time, and the source said that the balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to North Korea in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to India in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to North Korea in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to India in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The source did not say that the balloon was able to transmit information back to Russia in real time. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: UK ministers and civil servants have been banned from having which social media app on their work phones?\nChoices: (A)WhatsApp (B)Twitter (C)Instagram (D)TikTok\nEvidence: heT nab no unsig the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the niotalaN Cyber iurteySc eCtenr nad brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Cadaan and teh UE, aidm worsening relations with eijgBin.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is that the UK has banned TikTok. The evidence is", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which sports governing body has banned transgender women from elite female competitions?\nChoices: (A)International Tennis Federation (B)World Athletics Council (C)Fifa (International Federation of Association Football) (D)World Professional Boxing Federation\nEvidence: eTh nab, which esmco into fefetc on 31 Mrhca, seapipl to eteagrrsnnd enomw hwo have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s enetdirps, Seb Ceo, said het ansrocilervto eindisoc had been taken ot \u201ccoerttp eth future fo het female category\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The governing body\u2019s executive director, Seb Ceo, said the action had been taken to \u201ccoertp the future fo het female category\u201d. The governing body\u2019s executive director, Seb Ceo, said the action had been taken to \u201ccoertp the future fo het female category\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The governing body\u2019s executive director, Seb Ceo, said the action had been taken to \u201ccoertp the future fo het female category\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The governing body\u2019s executive director, Seb Ceo, said the action had been taken to \u201ccoertp the future fo het female category\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The governing body\u2019s executive director, Seb Ceo, said the action had been taken to \u201ccoertp the future fo het female category\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The governing body\u2019s executive director, Se", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which US author is pulling a novel set in Russia from publication?\nChoices: (A)Sue Monk Kidd (B)Elizabeth Gilbert (C)Helen DeWitt (D)Rachel Cusk\nEvidence: eTh tbse-llegnis uaothr fo \u201catE, Pray, Love\u201d adesk rhe bulpssirhe ot postpone the publication of erh nlveo \u201chTe nowS Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht urcteyn Siberia, following a backlash ofmr Ukrainian readers. dnFi out more hiwt heT Week Unwrapped podcast.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Sue Monk Kidd. The evidence is that the author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d is asking the publisher to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe New Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a backlash of Ukrainian readers. The evidence is that the author of \u201cThe New Forest\u201d is asking the publisher to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe New Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht urcteyn Siberia, following a backlash ofmr Ukrainian readers. The evidence is that the author of \u201cThe New Forest\u201d is asking the publisher to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe New Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht urcteyn Siberia, following a backlash ofmr Ukrainian readers. The evidence is that the author of \u201cThe New Forest\u201d is asking the publisher to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe New Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht urcteyn Siberia, following a backlash ofmr Ukrainian readers.", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which singer-songwriter got an on-stage spooky surprise when a keyboard began playing by itself during a gig?\nChoices: (A)Beyonc\u00e9 (B)Adele (C)Taylor Swift (D)John Mayer\nEvidence: heT chart-oeptpr swa visibly aeksnh when rhe keyboard began playing notes yb etsfil dnuigr eht Era Tour whos in esaMasustshtc. wStif sulnuqstybee dxinpeela that eth seemingly possessed instrument had natlenucdmfio teraf being aemdadg by rain gnridu a sirovpue concert.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The chart-topper was visibly awestruck when the keyboard began playing notes that sounded like they were coming from someone else on the Era Tour whos in her band. She said she determined that the seemingly possessed instrument had a natural affinity for being soaked by rain during a sold-out concert. The evidence is that the singer-songwriter got an on-stage spooky surprise when a keyboard began playing by itself during a gig. The evidence is that the singer-songwriter got an on-stage spooky surprise when a keyboard began playing by itself during a gig. The evidence is that the singer-songwriter got an on-stage spooky surprise when a keyboard began playing by itself during a gig. The evidence is that the singer-songwriter got an on-stage spooky surprise when a keyboard began playing by itself during a gig. The evidence is that the singer-songwriter got an on-stage spooky surprise when a keyboard began playing by itself during a gig. The evidence is that the singer-songwriter got an on-stage spooky surprise when a keyboard began playing by itself during ", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which cruise line recently had a ship battered by an intense storm that left water and objects flowing down interior hallways?\nChoices: (A)Royal Caribbean (B)Carnival (C)Norwegian (D)Princess\nEvidence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine swa rocked by a rstom that dceuas interior ratwe damage nad ealdeyd tsi return to trop ni huSto nroaClai.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior room damage and delayed its return to the port of departure. The evidence is that the Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior room damage and delayed its return to the port of departure. The evidence is that the Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior room damage and delayed its return to the port of departure. The evidence is that the Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior room damage and delayed its return to the port of departure. The evidence is that the Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior room damage and delayed its return to the port of departure. The evidence is that the Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior room damage and delayed its return to the port of departure. The evidence is that the Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior room damage and delayed its return to the port of departure. The evidence is that the Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior room damage and delayed its return to the port of departure. The evidence is that the Carnival Sunshine was rocked by ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The Supreme Court blocked the Biden administration\u2019s student loan forgiveness plan that aimed to deliver up to $20,000 of relief to millions of borrowers. How many Supreme Court justices ruled against the program?\nChoices: (A)5 (B)6 (C)7 (D)8\nEvidence: heT diseoinc was 6-3 with Chief Justice Jhno eRtorbs wniitgr the opinion orf het conservative posrytaieujmr. The hreet leribal neidssestr \u2014 esustiJc eEnla Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, nda tjineKa Brown Jackson \u2014 said the yjrtimao is byacasill akignm political decisions.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program. The Supreme Court justices ruled against the program.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The protection provided by Covid-19 vaccines begins to wane after how many months?\nChoices: (A)Two (B)Four (C)Six (D)Nine\nEvidence: The effectiveness fo the Covid-19 scciaven easfd after isx hsomnt sa slevle of neutralizing antibodies in het blood fall, studies show. tWhi mayn peloep anxiously rgdewonni woh oson they can get another hots, SU health officials are wno odnrcnesiig thneora urndo fo tnvbaeil boosters for the otsm vulnerable micarAens.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The question asks how many months. The evidence states that the effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine begins to wane after six months. The answer is C. The question asks how many months. The evidence states that the effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine begins to wane after six months. The answer is C. The question asks how many months. The evidence states that the effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine begins to wane after six months. The answer is C. The question asks how many months. The evidence states that the effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine begins to wane after six months. The answer is C. The question asks how many months. The evidence states that the effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine begins to wane after six months. The answer is C. The question asks how many months. The evidence states that the effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine begins to wane after six months. The answer is C. The question asks how many months. The evidence states that the effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccine begins to wane after six months. The answer is C. The question asks how many months. The evidence states that the effectiveness of", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Met Gala took place this week in New York City, honoring which creative field?\nChoices: (A)Theater (B)Fashion (C)Music (D)Film\nEvidence: hTe etenv is often frrereed to as \u201coiFasnh\u2019s ggsetiB Nhtig.\u201d This reya, eht theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the aelt eesridng alKr rdealgeLf.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B, Fashion. The Gala is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Night Out.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the artist herself. The Gala is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Night Out.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the artist herself. The Gala is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Night Out.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the artist herself. The Gala is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Night Out.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the artist herself. The Gala is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Night Out.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the artist herself. The Gala is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Night Out.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the artist herself. The Gala is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Night Out.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A swimwear trend known as what is taking hold on China\u2019s beaches?\nChoices: (A)Bumcaps (B)Webbed flippers (C)Facekinis (D)AI goggles\nEvidence: heT feca coverings are made fo VU-isrntteas material adn are neidsegd ot tcepotr eht wearer\u2019s dahe, efca and neck from uns exposure. For reom odd and unexpected news, sign pu ot the llaT sTale newsletter.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Facekinis. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is taking hold on China\u2019s beaches. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is taking hold on China\u2019s beaches. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is known as what. The evidence is that the swimwear trend is", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What percentage of British adults reportedly has an unfavourable view of campaign group Just Stop Oil?\nChoices: (A)22% (B)45% (C)66% (D)81%\nEvidence: The figure is pu 15 sptoni omrf 51% in April, cicgadron to lgiplon romf ooGvuY. nyOl 17% fo British adults avhe a bafuoelarv view of het group Just optS ilO, which sha itdusrped several ajmor sporting events this smemru.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The figure is reportedly 22%. The figure is reportedly 51% in April, according to a poll by YouGov. Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The figure is reportedly 17% fo British adults avhe a bafuooelarv view of het group Just optS ilO, which has itdusrped several ajmor sporting events this smemru. Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The figure is reportedly 15 sptoni omrf 51% in April, according to lgiplon romf ooGvuY. Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The figure is reportedly 17% fo British adults avhe a bafuooelarv view of het group Just optS ilO, which has itdusrped several ajmor sporting events this smemru. Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The figure is reportedly 15 s", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus?\nChoices: (A)Flu (B)RSV (C)Measles (D)Covid-19\nEvidence: eTh final etvo ot nde the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-idePtensr Donald Trump ni aMcrh of 2020 was overwhelmingly tsbraainip, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared het House elreair iths year, now heads to eirPnesdt Joe eiBnd\u2019s ekds.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? Question: The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? Choices: (A)Flu (B)RSV (C)Measles (D)Covid-19 Evidence: eTh final etvo ot nde the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-idePtensr Donald Trump ni aMcrh of 2020 was overwhelmingly tsbraainip, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared het House elreair iths year, now heads to eirPnesdt Joe eiBnd\u2019s ekds. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is D. The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? Question: The Senate this week voted to end the national emergency declaration for which virus? Choices: (A)Flu (B)RSV (C)Mea", "pred": "C", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Wembley Stadium celebrated what landmark event this week?\nChoices: (A)Hosting its 5,000th football match (B)Becoming the UK\u2019s first carbon-neutral stadium (C)The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary (D)Welcoming its billionth visitor\nEvidence: heT first football match ta what was then called eth Empire Stadium ootk eapcl no 28 irlAp 1923. During tis yertunc-olgn history, Wembley has eebn eth site fo ngdnlEa\u2019s 1966 lodWr Cup oyvrcti, eht 1985 Live Adi eccotnr and the Lionesses\u2019 ocrvyti ni the Women\u2019s srEou last year.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the first football match took place on April 28, 1923. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is April 28, 2023. The stadium\u2019s 5,000th football match is not a landmark event. The stadium\u2019s carbon-neutral status is not a landmark event. The stadium\u2019s billionth visitor is not a landmark event. The evidence shows that the first football match took place on April 28, 1923. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is April 28, 2023. The stadium\u2019s 5,000th football match is not a landmark event. The stadium\u2019s carbon-neutral status is not a landmark event. The stadium\u2019s billionth visitor is not a landmark event. The evidence shows that the first football match took place on April 28, 1923. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is April 28, 2023. The stadium\u2019s 5,000th football match is not a landmark event. The stadium\u2019s carbon-neutral status is not a landmark event. The stadium\u2019s billionth visitor is not a landmark event. The evidence shows that the first football match took place on April 28, 1923. The stadium\u2019s 100th anniversary is April 28, 2023", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Summer is peak season for amusement parks. Where was America\u2019s first roller coaster built?\nChoices: (A)Cleveland (B)New York (C)Detroit (D)Seattle\nEvidence: The first olrlre ecaosrt in micraeA opened no noyCe Island, ni oylorknB, ewN York, in 1884.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The roller coaster was built in New York, not Cleveland, Detroit, or Seattle. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A revised red, white and blue flag honoring Juneteenth was introduced in 2000. What symbol is at the center of the flag?\nChoices: (A)Star (B)Octagon (C)Crescent moon (D)Triangle\nEvidence: Teh flag, tcraede yb activist Ben Haith, onrfeud fo het lntaNioa Juneteenth Celebration otdnoiunaF, sha a hetiw tars in the middle npreetsgreni the Lone Star taSte of Texas sa well sa eth freedom fo African Americans ni lla 50 states.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence shows that the flag has a star in the middle. The evidence shows that the flag, created by activist Ben Haith, is in honor of the Juneteenth Celebration in Texas. The evidence shows that the flag, created by activist Ben Haith, is in honor of the Juneteenth Celebration in Texas. The evidence shows that the flag, created by activist Ben Haith, is in honor of the Juneteenth Celebration in Texas. The evidence shows that the flag, created by activist Ben Haith, is in honor of the Juneteenth Celebration in Texas. The evidence shows that the flag, created by activist Ben Haith, is in honor of the Juneteenth Celebration in Texas. The evidence shows that the flag, created by activist Ben Haith, is in honor of the Juneteenth Celebration in Texas. The evidence shows that the flag, created by activist Ben Haith, is in honor of the Juneteenth Celebration in Texas. The evidence shows that the flag, created by activist Ben Haith, is in honor of the Juneteenth Celebration in Texas. The evidence shows that the flag, created by activist Ben Haith, is in honor of the Juneteenth Celebration in Texas. The evidence shows that the", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: New research suggests that ancient megalodon sharks were what?\nChoices: (A)Warm-blooded (B)Vegetarian (C)Blind (D)Highly intelligent\nEvidence: eTh tangi rasskh were much earrmw elodobd tanh hrtoe miisral escpsei, according ot ewn analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide scelu about awht caused the megalodon ot go tecnitx oemr anht ether millions years ago.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "highly intelligent. The sharks were much more intelligent than humans today, according to their own analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct millions of years ago. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly intelligent. The evidence suggests that megalodon sharks were highly", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: It emerged this week that Boris Johnson notably forgot what?\nChoices: (A)His child\u2019s due date (B)His phone passcode (C)The name of the king (D)His dog Dilyn\nEvidence: ehT gvernoemtn missed ayMond\u2019s ldideena ot hand roev soBir Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp sgasesem, ebsceua the former preim itrmsine was said ot have forgotten het passcode rof his dol phone. A spokesperson for the efmrro ierpm irtinmse iads Johnson shiesw ot cooperate with the niqriuy. Andrew Whaley, na expert in cybersecurity, dismissed hsJnono\u2019s acsesopd claim, lnlteig Syk News ti swa a \u201cpretty amel xcusee\u201d dna thta \u201caccessing the tada would take minutes\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The government missed today\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp system, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode of his dol phone. A spokesperson for the efmrro ierpm irtinmse said Johnson refused to cooperate with the niqriuy. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s access-claim, telling Sky News that it was a \u201cpretty amel xcusee\u201d and that \u201caccessing the tada would take minutes\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. The government missed today\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp system, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode of his dol phone. A spokesperson for the efmrro ierpm irtinmse said Johnson refused to cooperate with the niqriuy. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s access-claim, telling Sky News that it was a \u201cpretty amel x", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A mysterious upcoming book that became a bestseller amid rumours that it was Taylor Swift\u2019s memoir was actually written by which other music stars?\nChoices: (A)BTS (B)Jonas Brothers (C)The Wanted (D)O-Town\nEvidence: ehT giegunss meag began last week when eth book appeared no ltmpiuel keoblorels btwieses under hte nmae 4C Untitled lFtoanri inonNiftoc Summer 2023. tBu biupglnish sueho Flatiron osoBk has solved het mystery by revealing that teh eagerly anticipated release si about het K-pop obaydbn and will eb published ni uJly under the teitl oenydB the Story: 10-Year cdoreR fo SBT.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "BTS. Question: A mysterious upcoming book that became a bestseller amid rumours that it was Taylor Swift\u2019s memoir was actually written by which other music stars? Choices: (A)BTS (B)BTS (C)BTS (D)BTS (E)BTS (F)BTS (G)BTS (H)BTS (I)BTS (JBTS (K)BTS (L)BTS (M)BTS (N)BTS (O)BTS (P)BTS (Q)BTS (R)BTS (S)BTS (T)BTS (U)BTS (V)BTS (W)BTS (Y)BTS (A)BTS (B)BTS (C)BTS (D)BTS (E)BTS (F)BTS (G)BTS (H)BTS (I)BTS (J)BTS (G)BTS (H)BTS (I)BTS (J)BTS (G)BTS (I)BTS (I)BTS (I)BTS (I)BTS (", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which popular holiday destination wants to swap British holidaymakers for \u201chigher quality\u201d tourists?\nChoices: (A)Lanzarote (B)Gran Canaria (C)Santorini (D)Madeira\nEvidence: The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local emrgtnvoen told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin thta het nrayaC island\u2019s oersstr hda obmeec rlovye etirnal on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from hte KU nda should eb csiuogfn on strisivo mrof Germany, \u201cowh npdes omre hnwe they ear here\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Lanzarote. The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local emrgtnvoen told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin that the nrayaC island\u2019s oersstr had obmeec rlovye etirnal on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the KU nda should eb csiuogfn on strisivo mrof Germany, \u201cowh npdes omre hnwe they ear here\u201d. Lanzarote\u2019s tourism chiefs have a long-standing obsession with reducing the island\u2019s reliance on mass market British holidaymakers. The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local emrgtnvoen told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin that the nrayaC island\u2019s oersstr hda obmeec rlovye etirnal on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the KU nda should eb csiuogfn on str", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The UK\u2019s so-called \u201cwonkiest pub\u201d has closed after almost 200 years of trading in which county?\nChoices: (A)Staffordshire (B)Sussex (C)Berkshire (D)Suffolk\nEvidence: The historic Crooked eHsou, ni the laligev fo Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 esyar fo trading, reatf being sold ot a private eurby \u201cfor etvnaarltei use\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has closed for the last time following almost 200 years of trading, resulting in being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor exclusive use\u201d. Evidence: The historic Crooked eHsou, ni the laligev fo Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 esyar fo trading fo trading, reatf being sold ot a private eurby \u201cfor etvnaarltei use\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has closed for the last time following almost 200 years of trading, resulting in being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor exclusive use\u201d. Evidence: The historic Crooked eHsou, ni the laligev fo Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 esyar fo trading fo trading, reatf being sold ot a private eurby \u201cfor etvnaarltei use\u201d.", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Who told a New York court that Donald Trump \u201cshattered my reputation\u201d?\nChoices: (A)E. Jean Carroll (B)Stormy Daniels (C)Mike Pence (D)Fani Willis\nEvidence: heT journalist and rotauh is nsugi eth eromrf rdspeeitn orf battery dan fnedtmioaa, ailinmcg he dpear her in a department otesr incgahng room in 1996 dna then dnidee ti years later. Trump denies het reashcg nda is not etecdxep ot appear in court.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "E. Jean Carroll. The journalist and reporter is suing for libel, slander, and battery and alleged that Trump raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it two years later. Trump denies the reasseg and is not expected to appear in court. The journalist and reporter is suing for libel, slander, and battery and alleged that Trump raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it two years later. Trump denies the reasseg and is not expected to appear in court. The journalist and reporter is suing for libel, slander, and battery and alleged that Trump raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it two years later. Trump denies the reasseg and is not expected to appear in court. The journalist and reporter is suing for libel, slander, and battery and alleged that Trump raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it two years later. Trump denies the reasseg and is not expected to appear in", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Italy\u2019s Supreme Court has ordered a city council in Lombardy to pay a couple \u20ac50,000 (\u00a343,000) for failing to safeguard them against what?\nChoices: (A)Air pollution (B)Harassment by neighbours (C)Nightlife noise (D)Trespassing tourists\nEvidence: heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo ugtosh the hrigt ot \u201ca quiet ifel\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district thiw bgiltusn tgieifhnl ni eht nonrehtr city of Brescia.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Evidence: heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo ugtosh the hrigt ot \u201ca quiet ifel\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district thiw bgiltusn tgieifhnl ni eht nonrehtr city of Brescia. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. Evidence: heT dnkarlma gnruil ncsuelcod a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo ugtosh the hrigt ot \u201ca quiet ifel\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district thiw bgiltusn tgieifhnl ni eht nonrehtr city of Brescia. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D,", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Roller coaster riders in Wisconsin were recently trapped upside down for an extended period following a mechanical failure. About how long were some riders hanging upside down before the daring rescue?\nChoices: (A)30 minutes (B)1 hour (C)3 hours (D)7 hours\nEvidence: The astl spersgnae rescued hda nebe siuepd down for mreo ntha three hrosu after eth ried dlleast. heT ride has ebne opaymerlrit closed while authorities investigate eth terrifying ordeal.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence states that the riders were trapped upside down for three hours. The question asks how long were some riders hanging upside down before the daring rescue? The answer is 7 hours. The evidence states that the riders were trapped upside down for three hours. The question asks about how long were some riders hanging upside down before the daring rescue? The answer is 7 hours. The evidence states that the riders were trapped upside down for three hours. The question asks about how long were some riders hanging upside down before the daring rescue? The answer is 7 hours. The evidence states that the riders were trapped upside down for three hours. The question asks about how long were some riders hanging upside down before the daring rescue? The answer is 7 hours. The evidence states that the riders were trapped upside down for three hours. The question asks about how long were some riders hanging upside down before the daring rescue? The answer is 7 hours. The evidence states that the riders were trapped upside down for three hours. The question asks about how long were some riders hanging upside down before the daring rescue? The answer is 7 hours. The evidence states that the riders were trapped upside down for three hours. The question asks about how", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which company announced it will begin making thousands of cuts to its workforce this week as part of a multibillion-dollar cost-cutting initiative?\nChoices: (A)Amazon (B)Walmart (C)Netflix (D)Disney\nEvidence: eTh ofaylsf ta eDsyni are tes to ipctam about 7,000 jobs, CEO obB Iger sdai this week.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Disney. The evidence is that Disney announced it will begin making thousands of cuts to its workforce this week as part of a multibillion-dollar cost-cutting initiative. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. The evidence is that Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week. Disney is to cut about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: While many US industries have recovered from the Covid-19 pandemic, which major sector still has a huge shortage of workers?\nChoices: (A)Manufacturing (B)Construction (C)Leisure and hospitality (D)Information\nEvidence: The ieulrse dan ophtlsatiyi tydrsniu si snuilgtgrg ot vecrero all the workers ti lost due ot the pandemic, tceern data fmor hte Bureau of Labor aittstiScs shows. hsTi soretc sah the biggest aesogrht of krweosr, down 349,000 people, or 2% fo eth ttlao pre-pandemic workforce.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers. The evidence shows that the sector with the biggest shortage of workers is the sector that has the biggest shortage of workers.", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: The expiration of Title 42 means which border policy will be back in effect?\nChoices: (A)Title 8 (B)Title 12 (C)Title 23 (D)Title 39\nEvidence: The lfniitg fo Title 42 means that eht US government lwil rnretu to a decades-lod section fo teh SU code known sa liTte 8, ihchw Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned ulwdo yrrca \u201croem severe\u201d scqunseneoce fro migrants found to eb nrentgei eth oucytnr ulnyluflwa.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The expiration of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned will impose \u201csevere\u201d consequences for migrants found to have entered the country illegally. The expiration of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned will impose \u201csevere\u201d consequences for migrants found to have entered the country illegally. The expiration of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned will impose \u201csevere\u201d consequences for migrants found to have entered the country illegally. The expiration of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned will impose \u201csevere\u201d consequences for migrants found to have entered the country illegally. The expiration of Title 42 means that the US government will return", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which state was hammered by an atmospheric river event this week, prompting widespread evacuations?\nChoices: (A)Idaho (B)Utah (C)Georgia (D)California\nEvidence: Teh majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency edu to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "California. The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency edu to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo. The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency edu to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo. Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is California. The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency edu to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo. Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is California. The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency edu to vcixesese rain and ndoglifo. Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is California. The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a estat fo emergency edu to vcix", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Scientists have revived what animal that was frozen 46,000 years ago?\nChoices: (A)Mosquito (B)Jellyfish (C)Cockroach (D)Worm\nEvidence: hTe microscopic roundworm, or nematode, dha lain dormant in niiaSreb rotpaefsmr icens the last eIc gAe. tI asw unearthed fomr a fossilised squirrel browru extracted mrof teh roasnttreehn Arctic ni 2002.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Worm. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence is that the animal was revived. The evidence", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Researchers have discovered a \u201chidden chapter\u201d of which religious text?\nChoices: (A)The Bible (B)The Koran (C)The Torah (D)The Gita\nEvidence: eTh ngiisms section eastd kcba almost 1,500 reysa and is noe of het earliest translations fo eth Gospels, according ot scientists who sdue ultraviolet aptrpyhogoh to idnf eth cahtepr hidden beneath rehte arlyes of text on a manuscript ni eht Vatican yiarLrb.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The Koran is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text. The Torah is not a religious text.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Health officials anticipate a new Covid-19 vaccine will be released in the US by which month?\nChoices: (A)September (B)November (C)December (D)February\nEvidence: Teh new Covid-19 vsncciae, which should be ready by the end fo etmpbeSer, ilwl be dmea available cydrleit ofmr hte amruntfaercus no het commercial market, earhtr ahnt through het SU government.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The new Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of the etmpbeSer, will be made available by the end of the year, both on the commercial market, and through the US government. The new Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of the etmpbeSer, will be made available by the end of the year, both on the commercial market, and through the US government. The new Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of the etmpbeSer, will be made available by the end of the year, both on the commercial market, and through the US government. The new Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of the etmpbeSer, will be made available by the end of the year, both on the commercial market, and through the US government. The new Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of the etmpbeSer, will be made available by the end of the year, both on the commercial market, and through the US government. The new Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of the e", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Two baby owls found underneath the Pyramid Stage at this year\u2019s Glastonbury have been named after members of which band?\nChoices: (A)Arctic Monkeys (B)Guns N\u2019 Roses (C)Foo Fighters (D)Hot Chip\nEvidence: ehT wlos have neeb andme Axl, rtefa mraonfnt lAx Rose, and Slash, in honour of eth andb\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben found under eht stage urnidg hte dbna\u2019s headline set ta the iseatlvf. For more odd and unexpected news, sign pu to het Tall alTse enttrelsew.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that the owls have been named Axl and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s August tour, and that they were found under the stage during the day\u2019s headline set to the Isle of Wight. The evidence is that the owls have been named Axl and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s August tour, and that they were found under the stage during the day\u2019s headline set to the Isle of Wight. The evidence is that the owls have been named Axl and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s August tour, and that they were found under the stage during the day\u2019s headline set to the Isle of Wight. The evidence is that the owls have been named Axl and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s August tour, and that they were found under the stage during the day\u2019s headline set to the Isle of Wight. The evidence is that the owls have been named Axl and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s August tour, and that they were found under the stage during the day\u2019s headline set to the Isle of W", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: The EPA proposed ambitious car pollution rules this week. If approved, nearly 70% of all new-car sales in the US will be electric by which decade?\nChoices: (A)2030s (B)2040s (C)2050s (D)2060s\nEvidence: The rules udowl require ticclere vehicles ot account rof pu to two-thirds of enw scra sold in the SU yb 2032 in ahtw odlwu eb oen of the eiBnd administration\u2019s smto aggressive climate-hneagc iplceios tye.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in ahtw odlwu eb oen of the eiBnd administration\u2019s second-most aggressive climate-change policies yet. The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in ahtw odlwu eb oen of the eiBnd administration\u2019s second-most aggressive climate-change policies yet. The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in ahtw odlwu eb oen of the eiBnd administration\u2019s second-most aggressive climate-change policies yet. The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in ahtw odlwu eb oen of the eiBnd administration\u2019s second-most aggressive climate-change policies yet. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of which animal?\nChoices: (A)Hippos (B)Frogs (C)Guinea pigs (D)Crocodiles\nEvidence: The so-called \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer descendants of four hugtorb to Colombia yb elta druglord Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht they eops a suireos threat to humans dan ohter wildlife ahve ifednsnitei after a wen census found atth the nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou has expanded to up ot 215.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Question: Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of which animal? Choices: (A)Hippos (B)Frogs (C)Guinea pigs (D)Crocodiles Evidence: The so-called \u201cccoinea pohspi\u201d aer descendants of four hugtorb to Colombia yb elta druglord Poabl Eacbosr. rnaisngW atht they eops a suireos threat to humans dan ohter wildlife ahve ifednsnitei after a wen census found atth the nasievvi opihp tiplanpoou has expanded to up ot 215. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. Question: Colombia\u2019s authorities are being urged to act against a growing population of which animal? Choices: (A)Hippos (B)Frogs (C)Guinea pigs (D)Crocodiles Evidence: The so", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Several powerful tornadoes struck the US this week, leaving thousands without power and some trapped inside shelters. Which state appeared to be the hardest hit?\nChoices: (A)Oklahoma (B)Texas (C)Illinois (D)Nebraska\nEvidence: ehT storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, aassKn and Iowa, hwit het msot damage reported ni oOmkhala, according to saofiflci. At elats four dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen dvemo croass the state and noeckdk otu power for tuabo 20,000 moesh and businesses.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Oklahoma. The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Texas, Illinois and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to the news. At least four deadly tornadoes swept across the state and knocked out power for more than 20,000 homes and businesses. The answer is Oklahoma. The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Texas, Illinois and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to the news. At least four deadly tornadoes swept across the state and knocked out power for more than 20,000 homes and businesses. The answer is Oklahoma. The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Texas, Illinois and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to the news. At least four deadly tornadoes swept across the state and knocked out power for more than 20,000 homes and businesses. The answer is Oklahoma. The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Texas, Illinois and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to the news. At least four deadly tornadoes swept across the state and knocked out power for more than 20,000 homes and businesses. The answer is Oklahoma. The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Texas, Illinois and Iowa, with the most", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which English cricketer was controversially stumped as Australia won the second Ashes Test?\nChoices: (A)Ben Stokes (B)Jonny Bairstow (C)Joe Root (D)Jimmy Anderson\nEvidence: The stumping yb Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar monag fans, who dgeura that while allowed nurde kreictc eruls, het move was tno ni eth \u201cspirit of het gmae\u201d. iCcrsti lndncuigi Geoffrey yBtootc vhae called on Australia to lsooeagip, while the rival emta cnmlidpaoe fo \u201cisegvegsar nda abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket ulbC (CCM) rmseemb gfnloilwo Bosraiwt\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s cdneos Ashes seTt ta Lodr\u2019s.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Ben Stokes. The stumping by Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under the rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. England\u2019s cricket chief Geoffrey Boycott called on Australia to lift the lid, while the rival England Cricket Board (ECB) condemned Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) for \u201cinappropriate and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) regarding Ben Stokes\u2019 dismissal in Sunday\u2019s third Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Ben Stokes. The stumping by Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under the rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. England\u2019s cricket chief Geoffrey Boycott called on Australia to lift the lid, while the rival England Cricket Board (ECB) condemned Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) for \u201cinappropriate and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) regarding Ben Stokes\u2019 dismissal in Sunday", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Many Americans were on edge this week following the collapse of which two banks?\nChoices: (A)Silicon Valley Bank & Signature Bank (B)Chase Bank & Wells Fargo Bank (C)PNC Bank & Citizens Bank (D)Huntington Bank & U.S. Bank\nEvidence: The ntinguns collapse of two American nsakb \u2013 nSiloci Valley knBa nda ntaigureS Bank \u2013 edl to ldiw market inwsgs arfte nraaigml Wall Stetre investors.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and U.S. Bank \u2013 led to new market information and anger among Wall Street investors. The collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and U.S. Bank \u2013 led to new market information and anger among Wall Street investors. The collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and U.S. Bank \u2013 led to new market information and anger among Wall Street investors. The collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and U.S. Bank \u2013 led to new market information and anger among Wall Street investors. The collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and U.S. Bank \u2013 led to new market information and anger among Wall Street investors. The collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and U.S. Bank \u2013 led to new market information and anger among Wall Street investors. The collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and U.S. Bank \u2013 led to new market information and anger among Wall Street investors. The collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and U.S. Bank \u2013 led to new market information and anger among Wall Street investors. The collapse of two American", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Dozens of tech leaders, including Elon Musk, signed a letter this week calling on labs to temporarily stop developing which technology?\nChoices: (A)Artificial intelligence programs (B)Crypto exchange networks (C)Rideshare platforms (D)Social media platforms\nEvidence: The tech leaders called for a spaue in het \u201cout fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads AI bsal ear rushing ot eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel digital minds ttha no oen \u2013 not vene their creators \u2013 can reanudnsdt, predict, or ebrliyla control.\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The tech leaders called for a spaue in het \u201cout fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads AI bsal ear rushing ot eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel digital minds ttha no oen \u2013 not vene their creators \u2013 can reanudnsdt, predict, or ebrliyla control.\u201d. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The tech leaders called for a spaue in het \u201cout fo lcrtnoo\u201d ratcfiliai iltlcneenegi ecra. ehT ettler iads AI bsal ear rushing ot eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre prouwfel digital minds ttha no oen \u2013 not vene their creators", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Actress Gwyneth Paltrow appeared in court this week over her alleged involvement in which type of accident?\nChoices: (A)Skiing collision (B)Boating collision (C)Snowboarding collision (D)Surfing collision\nEvidence: The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. A 76-year-odl mna alleges tlrwoPa \u201ceskdi tou of loonctr\u201d nda arn into him, causing isresuo rieinsju. eTh actress, no the other hand, filed a uretcsutnoi iggenlla eht man ran tion her.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. A 76-year-odl mna alleges tlrwoPa \u201ceskdi tou of loonctr\u201d nda arn into him, causing isresuo rieinsju. eTh actress, no the other hand, filed a uretcsutnoi iggenlla eht man ran tion her. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The trial vero a 2016 skiing accident gnovnvili wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. A 76-year-odl mna alleges tlrwoPa \u201ceskdi tou of loonctr\u201d nda arn into him, causing isresuo rieinsju. eTh actress, no the other hand, filed a uretc", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: NASA will launch a spacecraft to an unexplored metal world this fall. What is the mission called?\nChoices: (A)Project Stellar (B)Psyche mission (C)Operation Nova (D)Odyssey Expedition\nEvidence: Teh uncrewed endeavor, known sa the Psyche isomnsi, wlil ensd the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a emcillta idrtaseo. It is ets ot hanclu in Otrcobe, AASN siad.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The mission is called the Psyche mission. The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche isomnsi, will be the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a metal world. It is expected to launch in October, AASN said. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the correct answer. The Odyssey Expedition is the correct answer. The Psyche mission is the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: A large piece of what was discovered on a beach in Australia?\nChoices: (A)Space debris (B)Rotting whale (C)Missing aeroplane (D)Meteorite\nEvidence: The ddnfeiunetii debris is about het siez fo a small cra dan asw onudf dwhsea up on a tmeore habce omes 150 miles north fo Perth. ibrDes sha eneb acrincgu in space uarodn our planet since the rstfi kertco enhslauc ni the late 1950s, with na aietesmdt 36,500 objects greater than 10cm ni near-Earth orbit, icdogcarn to teh eupErnoa Space Agency (EAS).\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that the debris is about the size of a small crad dan washed up on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the debris has been accumulating in space around our planet since the first satellite was launched in the late 1950s, with na a aietesmdt 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (EAS). The evidence is that the debris is about the size of a small crad dan washed up on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the debris has been accumulating in space around our planet since the first satellite was launched in the late 1950s, with na a aietesmdt 36,500 objects greater than 10cm ni near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (EAS). The evidence is that the debris is about the size of a small cra dan washed up on a beach in Australia. The evidence is that the debris has been accumulating in space around our planet since the first satellite was launched in the late 1950s,", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The Republican National Committee (RNC) responded to Joe Biden\u2019s re-election bid announcement by posting a video showing what?\nChoices: (A)A simulation of Biden\u2019s second term (B)A montage of clips from Donald Trump\u2019s presidency (C)Republican voters\u2019 reactions to the announcement (D)A series of unflattering clips from Biden\u2019s first term\nEvidence: The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. The video attack da aws teacder using artificial intelligence dan tpdisce \u201ca second nedBi ermt legadpu by sissedart\u201d, dsia", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row?\nChoices: (A)United States (B)Ireland (C)France (D)Finland\nEvidence: The ldwro\u2019s happiest country is iandFnl, according ot teh uannal Wrlod pessnapHi Report, which ranks countries based largely on ifel eluvnatoias from het luGlpa rdlWo lloP. The SU, France, and dnIelra idd not accrk hte top 10.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Finland. The question asks which country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence states that the world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on data from the Gallup World Poll. The United States, France, and Ireland did not make the top 10. The evidence also states that the SU, France, and dnIelra did not make the top 10. Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Finland. The question asks which country was named the world\u2019s happiest for the sixth year in a row. The evidence states that the world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on data from the Gallup World Poll. The United States, France, and Ireland did not make the top 10. The evidence also states that the SU, France, and dnIelra did not make the top 10. Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is Finland. The question asks which country was named the world\u2019", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: Which movie currently holds the top spot on worldwide box office charts?\nChoices: (A)\u201cOppenheimer\u201d (B)\u201cBarbie\u201d (C)\u201cMission: Impossible Dead Reckoning Part One\u201d (D)\u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d\nEvidence: Teh \u201cBarbie\u201d imveo, from director Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest nnopgie weekend fo 2023, inllgup in $155 million tiallcyseodm vore sit opening wkendee dna $337 iinlolm globally.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest opening weekend of 2023, bringing in $155 million in the United States and $337 million globally. The evidence is that \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest opening weekend of 2023, bringing in $155 million in the United States and $337 million globally. The evidence is that \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest opening weekend of 2023, bringing in $155 million in the United States and $337 million globally. The evidence is that \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest opening weekend of 2023, bringing in $155 million in the United States and $337 million globally. The evidence is that \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, rdoecs the largest opening weekend of 2023, bringing in $155 million in the United States and $337 million globally. The evidence is that \u201cBarbie\u201d", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest what?\nChoices: (A)Fishing boat (B)Sauna (C)IKEA (D)Wooden city\nEvidence: hTe \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp ni wood\u201d will eb built in loStkomhc, announced eeSwdn, which oculd pave hte way rfo similar structures ni het rtufue. Although het lanp dcluo eb more sustainable tnah traditional construction, there are concerns uatbo potential efir aharsdz. dnFi tuo more with heT Week pdweUranp podcast.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "D. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden city. The evidence is that Sweden is building the world\u2019s largest wooden", "pred": "D", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: How many stars were on the first US flag?\nChoices: (A)10 (B)13 (C)48 (D)1\nEvidence: There were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri no the first SU flag ot nrepseetr het 13 iionlrga ssetat, as declared ni hte lagF Resolution of nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a day onw known as Flag Day.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The evidence is that there were 13 stars on the first US flag. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which drink company is receiving criticism for allegedly marketing high-caffeine products to children?\nChoices: (A)Prime (B)Red Bull (C)Coca-Cola (D)Gatorade\nEvidence: This eekw, Senate ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine nentcot in Prime enyrgE drinks nad eth company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi media.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Prime. The evidence is that this week, Senate ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine nentcot in Prime energy drinks. The evidence is that this week, Senate ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine nentcot in Prime energy drinks nad eth company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo dotwra ecni Jude\u0163ean no lcsaoi media. The evidence is that this week, Senate ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine nentcot in Prime energy drinks nad eth company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo dotwra ecnirhld no lcsaoi media. The evidence is that this week, Senate ajitMroy rLaeed hukcC mSh", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which two US presidents died on July 4 in the same year?\nChoices: (A)James Madison and James Monroe (B)Franklin Pierce and James Buchanan (C)Thomas Jefferson and John Adams (D)Chester Arthur and Grover Cleveland\nEvidence: masTho Jefferson nda John sdAam died within rsuoh fo ahce other no July 4, 1826. sffonJere was 83 and Adams aws 90.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Jefferson and Adams died on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only two presidents who died on July 4 in the same year. Jefferson and Adams were the only", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Around 5,000 people took part in a record-breaking \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d (Great Dictation) event at which landmark Paris location?\nChoices: (A)Louvre Museum (B)Notre-Dame cathedral (C)Eiffel Tower (D)Champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es\nEvidence: sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee set pu along eth iconic aneuev before participants took prta in a iessre fo spelling bees no Sunday. roF more dod dna ecntuxepde news, sign up to eht Tall sTael newsletter.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Question: Around 5,000 people took part in a record-breaking \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d (Great Dictation) event at which landmark Paris location? Choices: (A)Louvre Museum (B)Notre-Dame cathedral (C)Eiffel Tower (D)Champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es Evidence: sdTsnohau fo sdsek rwee set pu along eth iconic aneuev before participants took prta in a iessre fo spelling bees no Sunday. roF more dod dna ecntuxepde news, sign up to eht Tall sTael newsletter. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is A. Question: Around 5,000 people took part in a record-breaking \u201cGrande Dict\u00e9e\u201d (Great Dictation) event at which landmark Paris location? Choices: (A)Louvre Museum (B)Notre-Dame cathedral (C)Eiffel Tower (D)Champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es Evidence", "pred": "A", "GT": "D"}
{"input": "Question: The canine equivalent of the Olympics took place in New York City this week. What was the competition called?\nChoices: (A)Kensington Dog Show (B)Westminster Dog Show (C)Greenwich Dog Show (D)Islington Dog Show\nEvidence: Thousands of dogs pdaitetacirp in the Wsrmeistnte Dog woSh. A tietp staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named yBudd Holly ebeacm the first fo shi breed to nwi eth prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt izrep.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The Westminster Dog Show is the correct answer. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: An investigation by the Department of Labor revealed hundreds of underage children were found working at which fast-food restaurant?\nChoices: (A)Wendy\u2019s (B)McDonald\u2019s (C)Burger King (D)Chick-fil-A\nEvidence: ehreT McDonald\u2019s aefcrsneihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis rfo altongivi hclid labor awsl after rdehcnli as unogy as 10 years dol ewer found working etal at night \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Which of the following is a synonym for \u201csynonym\u201d? Choices: (A)Wendy\u2019s (B)McDonald\u2019s (C)Burger King (D)Chick-fil-A Evidence: eT McDonald\u2019s aefcrsneihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis rfo altongivi hclid labor awsl after rdehcnli as unogy as 10 years dol ewer found working etal at night \u2014 mseitesmo uitln 2 a.m. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: Which of the following is a synonym for \u201csynonym\u201d? Choices: (A)Wendy\u2019s (B)McDonald\u2019s (C)Burger King (D)Chick-fil-A Evidence: ehreT McDonald\u2019s aefcrsneihs in", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Congress grilled the CEO of which social media company this week, citing potential national security risks?\nChoices: (A)Facebook (B)TikTok (C)Twitter (D)Snapchat\nEvidence: kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for hte first etim. He received efrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, including lscal for teh app to be banned.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. Evidence: kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for hte first etim. He received effrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, including lscal for the app to be banned. Evidence: kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for hte first etim. He received effrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, including lscal for the app to be banned. Evidence: kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for hte first etim. He received effrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, including lscal for the app to be banned. Evidence: kokTTi OEC ouSh Chew dtsieetfi before Congress for hte first etim. He received effrcie cmiitscir mrof alrkeawsm, including", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Which grocery store chain recalled two types of cookies over concerns they may contain rocks?\nChoices: (A)Trader Joe's (B)Whole Foods (C)Costco (D)Safeway\nEvidence: Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two tseyp of eoickso, iagsntt yeth may ainntco a foreign material \u2014 orsck.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, over concerns they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, over concerns they may contain rocks. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, over concerns they may contain rocks. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, over concerns they may contain rocks. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, over concerns they may contain rocks. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, over concerns they may contain rocks. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, over concerns they may contain rocks. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, over concerns they may contain rocks. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, over concerns they may contain rocks. The evidence is that Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Climate change is making Earth\u2019s oceans change color, new research finds. Which color are they changing to?\nChoices: (A)Yellow (B)Green (C)Gray (D)Brown\nEvidence: Tropical ceosna have oemceb greener ni het past two decades, tielnregcf changes in hrite csosytemes that heav rmeo nkhpnytpotlao present.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that tropical oceans have been greener in the past two decades, which is consistent with changes in the climate csosytems that are present. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices. The evidence does not support the other choices.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Former President Donald Trump was indicted this week for his alleged efforts to remain in the White House following his 2020 election loss. How many times has Trump been indicted?\nChoices: (A)1 (B)2 (C)3 (D)4\nEvidence: rmTpu was handed ondw a hrtdi cntmdiietn siht ekew, and ctoipalli analysts ysa this neo may be eth smto consequential. He was uyrvpeliso indicted rfo his involvement ni a hush-emoyn hemsce obefer he ebmeac president nda rfo the eeagldl mishandling of classified material after eh left eofcfi.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "B. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The question asks how many times Trump has been indicted. The answer is four. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The question asks how many times Trump has been indicted. The answer is four. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The question asks how many times Trump has been indicted. The answer is four. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The question asks how many times Trump has been indicted. The answer is four. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The question asks how many times Trump has been indicted. The answer is four. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The question asks how many times Trump has been indicted. The answer is four. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The question asks how many times Trump has been indicted. The answer is four. The evidence shows that Trump has been indicted four times. The question asks how many times Trump has been indicted. The answer", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Elon Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s iconic bird logo with which letter?\nChoices: (A)T (B)X (C)Y (D)Z\nEvidence: rttewTi is now X. ukMs dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for emor anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s iconic bird logo with X. Musks dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblglgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for emor anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s iconic bird logo with X. Musks dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblglgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for emor anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl ebnrdnrgia. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s iconic bird logo with X. Musks dalrceep Twitter\u2019s ylaoblglgl recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in seu for", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Twitter CEO Elon Musk replaced the company\u2019s traditional bird icon this week with an image of which animal?\nChoices: (A)Fish (B)Rabbit (C)Dog (D)Hamster\nEvidence: ittreTw\u2019s liaodritnta bird oicn was olrarymiept replaced ihtw na geiam fo a Shiba Inu ogd, na apparent nod to congodie, teh jeok cryptocurrency htta ECO Elon Musk is being sued over.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog, which is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba Inu dog is a Shiba Inu dog. The Shiba", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Following the launch of Meta\u2019s app Threads, which social network saw a major drop in traffic?\nChoices: (A)Facebook (B)Instagram (C)Twitter (D)TikTok\nEvidence: wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke ogwolnilf the launch fo Meta\u2019s rival ppa rhsTead, which topped eomr than 100 million suers itwihn five days terfa tis udebt.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "TikTok. Question: Which social network saw a major drop in traffic? Choices: (A)Facebook (B)Instagram (C)Instagram (D)Facebook (E)Instagram (F)Facebook (G)Instagram (H)Instagram (I)Facebook (J)Instagram (K)Instagram (L)Facebook (M)Instagram (N)Facebook (O)Instagram (P)Instagram (Q)Facebook (A)Instagram (B)Instagram (C)Instagram (D)Facebook (E)Instagram (F)Facebook (G)Facebook (E)Facebook (D)Facebook (H)Facebook (E)Facebook (G)Facebook (E)Facebook (H)Facebook (E)Facebook (F)Facebook (G)Facebook (I)Facebook (D)Facebook (E)Facebook (F)Facebook (G)Facebook", "pred": "D", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which typhoon recently soaked Beijing with the city\u2019s heaviest rainfall in 140 years?\nChoices: (A)Typhoon Doksuri (B)Typhoon Khanun (C)Typhoon Dora (D)Typhoon Mawar\nEvidence: Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth fo aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded tetessr.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Typhoon Doksuri. Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth of aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded tetessr. Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth of aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded tetessr. Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth of aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded tetessr. Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth of aflailrn on ijegBni ni only 48 orhus, ngakrspi ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped yb flooded ", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: UK house prices dropped by what percentage year-on-year in May?\nChoices: (A)1% (B)2.5% (C)3.4% (D)6.2%\nEvidence: UK house prices have adh ethir ggetsbi annual fall ni nearly 14 aseyr, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg edlrne, Nationwide. Teh 3.4% drop ni May is the biggest escin lJyu 2009, wenh seouh icsepr pdoprde yb 6.2%.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that the drop in May was 3.4%, which is greater than 1%, 2.5%, and 6.2%. The evidence also shows that the drop in May was the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the drop was 6.2%. The evidence also shows that the drop in May was the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the drop was 3.4%. The evidence also shows that the drop in May was the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the drop was 3.4%. The evidence also shows that the drop in May was the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the drop was 3.4%. The evidence also shows that the drop in May was the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the drop was 3.4%. The evidence also shows that the drop in May was the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the drop was 3.4%. The evidence also shows that the drop in May was the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the drop was 3.4%. The evidence also shows that the drop in May was the biggest escin lJyu 2009, when the", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Vladimir Putin has announced plans to station Russian nuclear weapons in which neighbouring country?\nChoices: (A)Belarus (B)China (C)Mongolia (D)Kazakhstan\nEvidence: Ukraine dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station ltatciac nuclear nopwsae in eth nnuibgiogher nation, and Nato dnenmdoec shi \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Kazakhstan. The evidence is that Ukraine dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station ltatciac nuclear nopwsae in eth nnuibgiogher nation, and Nato dnenmdoec shi \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d. The evidence is that Ukraine dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d refat hte sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station ltatciac nuclear nopwsae in eth nnuibgiogher nation, and Nato dnenmdoec shi \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d. The evidence is that Ukraine dacceus Moscow fo ogdnhil Belarus \u201c", "pred": "D", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: The president of which South American country has been invited to visit Ukraine to \u201cunderstand the real causes and essence of Russian aggression\u201d?\nChoices: (A)Argentina (B)Brazil (C)Colombia (D)Bolivia\nEvidence: inekUra\u2019s metnenrovg viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet eh caused ctnnoatosiern among yivK\u2019s Western ialsel by grnugi het US ot \u201cpots encouraging het war\u201d eterh and calling for a ecpae ldae wthi Russia.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "Brazil. The evidence is that Lula\u2019s visit caused concern among Kiev\u2019s Western allies by blaming the US for \u201cencouraging the war\u201d and calling for a diplomatic league with Russia. The evidence is that Lula\u2019s visit caused concern among Kiev\u2019s Western allies by blaming the US for \u201cencouraging the war\u201d and calling for a diplomatic league with Russia. The evidence is that Lula\u2019s visit caused concern among Kiev\u2019s Western allies by blaming the US for \u201cencouraging the war\u201d and calling for a diplomatic league with Russia. The evidence is that Lula\u2019s visit caused concern among Kiev\u2019s Western allies by blaming the US for \u201cencouraging the war\u201d and calling for a diplomatic league with Russia. The evidence is that Lula\u2019s visit caused concern among Kiev\u2019s Western allies by blaming the US for \u201cencouraging the war\u201d and calling for a diplomatic league with Russia. The evidence is that Lula\u2019s visit caused concern among Kiev\u2019s Western allies by blaming the US for \u201cencouraging the war", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Question: Vietnam has banned the new Barbie movie over a scene showing what?\nChoices: (A)A map of disputed Chinese territory (B)\u201cMade in Vietnam\u201d labels on shoddy clothing (C)Memorabilia from the Vietnam War (D)A Vietnamese arch-villain\nEvidence: Vietnam sha banned commercial screenings fo the Barbie film, tou no 21 uyJl, orve a map that sppreaa ot show negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-dash line\u201d in the South hianC Sae ttah marks eudspdti territory. Fndi tuo orem with eTh Week pUpawnder sctapdo.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. The evidence is that Vietnam has banned the new Barbie movie over a scene showing what? Question: Vietnam has banned the new Barbie movie over a scene showing what? Evidence: Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, tou no 21 uyJl, over a map that sppreaa ot show negjiiB\u2019s \u201cneni-dash line\u201d in the South hianC Sae ttah marks eudspdti territory. Fndi tuo orem with eTh Week pUpawnder sctapdo. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The evidence is that Vietnam has banned the new Barbie movie over a scene showing what? Question: Vietnam has banned the new Barbie movie over a scene showing what? Evidence: Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, tou no 21 uyJl, over a map that sppreaa ot show negjiiB\u2019s \u201c", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: A US zoo apologised to which country over the mistreatment of a bird?\nChoices: (A)South Africa (B)Australia (C)New Zealand (D)Brazil\nEvidence: irlaV oefgoat eoswhd visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal dibr, under bright lights urgndi a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. heT ooz lipoedoags for ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d following na outcry ni ewN dlaZaen, where wiisk are a aetrdrseu naalinto coin.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence is Zoo Miami visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights for a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. The zoo apologised for \u201cmistreating a bird\u201d following an outcry in New Zealand, where kiwi are a national coin. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The evidence is irlaV oefgoat eoswhd visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights urgndi a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. heT ooz lipoedoags for ahgnvi \u201cnfeofdde a tnanio\u201d following na outcry ni ewN dlaZaen, where wiisk are a aetrdrseu naalinto coin. Answer: Based", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which major car company is recalling 143,000 of its SUVs due to an airbag issue?\nChoices: (A)Volkswagen (B)Kia (C)Toyota (D)Honda\nEvidence: eosglVnkaw is allgcrien 143,000 of its Atlas sVSU ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue dtcdteee ni omes nsasegrep-seid brigsaa that anc hwscit the sensor off under certain stondiinco.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "A. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to an airbag issue. Volkswagen", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Question: Which bank agreed to pay its shareholders $1 billion for overstating its progress in recovering from scandals?\nChoices: (A)Bank of America (B)JPMorgan Chase (C)Wells Fargo (D)PNC Bank\nEvidence: Wells Fargo has regeda to ypa $1 billion ot lsette a lawsuit iucnagsc it fo nidgruaedf shareholders over sit treatment fo oeucstrsm. Since 2016, elslW Fargo has paid ro ste aside lnisilbo of dlasrlo to eevoslr ratoyruelg borsep nda litigation icnerongnc its business arsictepc.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The evidence shows that Wells Fargo agreed to pay its shareholders $1 billion for overstating its progress in recovering from scandals. The evidence shows that Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to shareholders to settle a lawsuit accusing it of overstating its progress in recovering from scandals. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid $1 billion to set aside billions of dollars to cover the cost of escalating litigation related to its business practices. The evidence shows that Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to shareholders to settle a lawsuit accusing it of overstating its progress in recovering from scandals. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid $1 billion to set aside billions of dollars to cover the cost of escalating litigation related to its business practices. The evidence shows that Wells Fargo has agreed to pay its shareholders $1 billion for overstating its progress in recovering from scandals. The evidence shows that Wells Fargo has agreed to pay its shareholders $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of overstating its progress in recovering from scandals. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid $1 billion to set aside billions of dollars to cover the cost of escalating litigation related to", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: Which film swept several major categories at the Oscars?\nChoices: (A)\u201cThe Woman King\u201d (B)\u201cGlass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery\u201d (C)\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d (D)\u201cBabylon\u201d\nEvidence: \u201cEverything vrwEerehey lAl ta Once\u201d odmndatei the ssOcra on Sunday. eTh ifml own tmos of the igb awards, niulgnicd tsbe ueircpt and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best etcsrsa in a aiedgln lreo, while eK Huy Quan and aeJmi eeL usCrit won best actor nda sbet actress ni supporting oersl.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. The film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d won several major categories at the Oscars on Sunday. The film won five of the igb awards, including writing and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Eddie Huy Quan and aeJmi Critic won best actor and actress in a supporting role. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d won several major categories at the Oscars on Sunday. The film won five of the igb awards, including writing and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Eddie Huy Quan and aeJmi Critic won best actor and actress in a supporting role. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. The film \u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d won several major categories at the Oscars on Sunday. The film won five of the igb awards, including writing and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Eddie Huy Quan and ", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Question: What was unearthed under the site of a proposed new Aldi supermarket in the Buckinghamshire town of Olney?\nChoices: (A)Medieval coin haul (B)Great Plague burial pit (C)Roman mosaic (D)Remains of Ice Age mammoth\nEvidence: \u201couY\u2019ll be srueidprs at what uyo cna get at idAl,\u201d said The isTem, which itldes \u201cgroceries, wroep drills, lalbfatinse, sewing machines\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. Teh \u201chylcciolalearoga significant\u201d rdsievyco spiton to eth existence fo a high-status Roman house, ro musod.\nAnswer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is", "output": "C. Question: What was unearthed under the site of a proposed new Aldi supermarket in the Buckinghamshire town of Olney? Choices: (A)Medieval coin haul (B)Great Plague burial pit (C)Roman mosaic (D)Remains of Ice Age mammoth Evidence: \u201couY\u2019ll be srueidprs at what uyo cna get at idAl,\u201d said The isTem, which itldes \u201cgroceries, wroep drills, lalbfatinse, sewing machines\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. Teh \u201chylcciolalearoga significant\u201d rdsievyco spiton to eth existence fo a high-status Roman house, ro musod. Answer: Based on the evidence, among A through D, the answer is C. Question: What was unearthed under the site of a proposed new Aldi supermarket in the Buckinghamshire town of Olney? Choices:", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
