{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: The miove nxet Taeusdy has been ceenclald due to lcak of ietsenrt.\nM: Waht do you maen?\nW: Wlel, by lsat nghit olny a few tckeits has been slod.\nQuestion: What can we conclude about the movie?\nChoices: (A)They want to buy the tickets for the movie. (B)The tickets for the movie were sold. (C)The movie will not be shown.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The movie will not be shown. Question: What can we conclude about the movie? Choices: (A)They want to buy the tickets for the movie. (B)The tickets for the movie were sold. (C)The movie will not be shown. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What can we conclude about the movie? Choices: (A)They want to buy the tickets for the movie. (B)The tickets for the movie were sold. (C)The movie will not be shown. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What can we conclude about the movie? Choices: (A)They want to buy the tickets for the movie. (B)The tickets for the movie were sold. (C)The movie will not be shown. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What can we conclude about the movie? Choices: (A)They want to buy the tickets for the movie. (B)The tickets for the movie were sold. (C)The movie will not be shown. Based on the dialogue, among A through C", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht deos the trem \"araveniltte eegnry scroue\" maen?\nM: Wehn we tinhk of eegrny or feul for our heoms and cras, we thnik of proueeltm, a fisosl feul pcessored form oil roemevd form the grunod, of whcih terhe is a limteid sluppy. But attarilneve flues can be mnay tnihgs. Wnid, sun and wtear can all be uesd to cratee feul.\nW: Is the tehrat of riunnng out of peeoulrtm rael?\nM: It has taekn tshuondas of yreas to cetrae the naurtal sorets of proueeltm we hvae avalailbe at a mcuh fesatr rtae tahn it is bneig pouedcrd oevr tmie. The rael corontevsry sruindourng the aonmut of prlueotem we hvae is how mcuh we need to keep in revesre for frutue use. Msot eeptxrs agere taht by arunod 2025, the aomnut of pteulroem we use wlil rceah a paek. Tehn pcdoirotun and aavbillaitiy wlil bgien to susorliey dnicele. Tihs is not to say trhee wlil be no pleoerutm at tihs pinot. But it'll beocme vrey dliffuict and terefhore enpsvxiee to etxacrt.\nW: Is taht the msot imntoaprt reosan to dolevep atnelviatre feul and enregy suercos?\nM: Tehre are two vrey celar rsoaens to do so. One is taht whheter we hvae 60 or 600 yraes of fsosil felus lfet, we hvae to fnid oehtr feul scuoers eaneutlvly. So the soeonr we srtat, the bteter off we wlil be. The otehr big amernugt is taht wehn lnog tmie, wichh ledas to smoe lnog-trem nagtivee ectfefs, lkie gablol wnirmag and the gosreuhnee ecffet.\nQuestion: What do we usually refer to when we talk about energy according to the man?\nChoices: (A)Coal burnt daily for the comfort of our homes. (B)Anything that can be used to produce power. (C)Fuel refined from oil extracted from underground.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What do we usually refer to when we talk about energy according to the man? Choices: (A)Coal burnt daily for the comfort of our homes. (B)Anything that can be used to produce power. (C)Fuel refined from oil extracted from underground. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do we usually refer to when we talk about energy according to the man? Choices: (A)Coal burnt daily for the comfort of our homes. (B)Anything that can be used to produce power. (C)Fuel refined from oil extracted from underground. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do we usually refer to when we talk about energy according to the man? Choices: (A)Coal burnt daily for the comfort of our homes. (B)Anything that can be used to produce power. (C)Fuel refined from oil extracted from underground. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do we usually refer to when we talk about energy according", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht deos the trem \"aatitrvnlee ergney srouce\" maen?\nM: Wehn we tinhk of egnrey or feul for our hmeos and cras, we tihnk of pteureolm, a fiossl feul prcsoeesd form oil roevmed form the gonrud, of whcih trhee is a liimetd spuply. But atentvlirae flues can be mnay tignhs. Wnid, sun and wtear can all be uesd to crteae feul.\nW: Is the tehart of rninnug out of prueotlem rael?\nM: It has teakn tundsaohs of yares to craete the nrtaaul seotrs of peeutorlm we hvae avlaiblae at a mcuh fseatr rtae tahn it is bieng pecroudd oevr tmie. The rael ctroensorvy snouurridng the anumot of petuerolm we hvae is how mcuh we need to keep in rseerve for fturue use. Msot eetrxps argee taht by aornud 2025, the aumont of pereutlom we use wlil rcaeh a paek. Tehn pdouoctirn and aaliabitvily wlil bgien to ssluoeriy dcilnee. Tihs is not to say trehe wlil be no peetlruom at tihs ponit. But it'll bcmoee vrey dufciiflt and terhorefe enevsxpie to eratxct.\nW: Is taht the msot iotpnmart roeasn to deloevp aerianvltte feul and erngey sucoers?\nM: Terhe are two vrey celar ronesas to do so. One is taht wtheher we hvae 60 or 600 yaers of fssiol fules lfet, we hvae to fnid oethr feul scuroes etlnealvuy. So the sneoor we srtat, the beettr off we wlil be. The oethr big anmgruet is taht wehn lnog tmie, wichh lades to smoe lnog-trem ngaevtie etfcfes, lkie gbaoll wiamnrg and the gshrueoene efceft.\nQuestion: What do most experts agree on according to the man?\nChoices: (A)Oil will soon be replaced by alternative energy sources. (B)Oil production will begin to decline worldwide by 2025. (C)Oil consumption has given rise to many global problems.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What do most experts agree on according to the man? Choices: (A)Oil will soon be replaced by alternative energy sources. (B)Oil production will begin to decline worldwide by 2025. (C)Oil consumption has given rise to many global problems. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do most experts agree on according to the man? Choices: (A)Oil will soon be replaced by alternative energy sources. (B)Oil production will begin to decline worldwide by 2025. (C)Oil consumption has given rise to many global problems. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do most experts agree on according to the man? Choices: (A)Oil will soon be replaced by alternative energy sources. (B)Oil production will begin to decline worldwide by 2025. (C)Oil consumption has given rise to many global problems. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do most experts agree on according to the man? Choices: (A)Oil will soon be replaced by", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht deos the trem \"anetltavrie eergny srouce\" maen?\nM: Wehn we tnhik of engery or feul for our hemos and cras, we tnhik of preloeutm, a fsiosl feul pssoerecd form oil roeemvd form the gonrud, of wihch trhee is a lmteiid slppuy. But airtatnevle feuls can be mnay tgnhis. Wnid, sun and weatr can all be uesd to carete feul.\nW: Is the taerht of rnuning out of puretloem rael?\nM: It has tkaen tuhdosans of yaers to crteae the natarul sretos of puelrotem we hvae aivalalbe at a mcuh feastr rtae tahn it is bieng prduoecd oevr tmie. The rael coorsntevry suurirnodng the aunmot of peoreutlm we hvae is how mcuh we need to keep in rvesere for ftruue use. Msot epxrtes aegre taht by aonrud 2025, the anmout of puerleotm we use wlil raceh a paek. Tehn purcdtioon and aatilalbiivy wlil beign to suelsiroy dieclne. Tihs is not to say tehre wlil be no poeerlutm at tihs pnoit. But it'll bcoeme vrey dicflfiut and thferreoe eevspnxie to eraxtct.\nW: Is taht the msot iorapnmtt roaesn to deeovlp aiterltvane feul and enrgey scureos?\nM: Trehe are two vrey cealr rsnaeos to do so. One is taht wehther we hvae 60 or 600 yares of fsiosl flues lfet, we hvae to fnid oehtr feul seocrus eutleanvly. So the snoeor we satrt, the bteter off we wlil be. The oethr big aurgemnt is taht wehn lnog tmie, wchih ldeas to smoe lnog-trem neatvige eetcffs, lkie galbol wnmirag and the georeushne efcfet.\nQuestion: What does the man think we should do now?\nChoices: (A)Minimize the use of fossil fuels. (B)Start developing alternative fuels. (C)Find the real cause for global warming.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the man think we should do now? Choices: (A)Minimize the use of fossil fuels. (B)Start developing alternative fuels. (C)Find the real cause for global warming. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think we should do now? Choices: (A)Minimize the use of fossil fuels. (B)Start developing alternative fuels. (C)Find the real cause for global warming. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think we should do now? Choices: (A)Minimize the use of fossil fuels. (B)Start developing alternative fuels. (C)Find the real cause for global warming. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think we should do now? Choices: (A)Minimize the use of fossil fuels. (B)Start developing alternative fuels. (C)Find the real cause for global warming. Answer: Based", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nPual: Sraa, I've been lionkog farwrod to our yealry cmap out for tehre wekes. [Me too] It's ginog to be a wrnoefdul day for hiinkg trmooorw. The garet orotuods. Ciapnmg udner the sarts. Tihs is the lfie.\nSraa: Yaeh, but Pual, I'm a lltite bit wrreiod aubot the wheeatr toguhh. The wraathmeen siad it was giong to rian leatr tionght.\nPual: Ah, nnesnsoe. Ninothg can sopil our aduvetrne. Tshoe wehetar rorteps are neevr rhgit.\nSraa: And it siad tehre was a ccahne of hgih wdins.\nPual: Ah. Don't wrroy.\nSraa: [tduenhr] Pual. Pual. Did you rbeememr to birng our rantoicas jsut in csae, lkie I tlod you? [lghit rian]\nPual: Uh ... no. I lfet tehm on the fonrt pocrh. [haevy rian]\nSraa: Waht are we ginog to do now?\nPual: We'll hvae to selep in the car! Hrruy get in! [door suht]\nSraa: So, Pual, waht are we giong to do now?\nPual: How auobt pynialg a crad gmae?\nSraa: Uhh. I lfet tehm nxet to the pnicic tblae. [Hmmm] Hey, you don't wnat me to go out in tihs rian and get tehm, do you?\nPual: No. Taht's oaky. So waht now?\nSraa: Wlel, we cloud haed dwon the manution and saty at taht hteol we pasesd on the way up, or go hmoe.\nPual: Hmm, why don't we jsut mkae the bset of it hree and hpoe the wehtear crleas.\nSraa: Taht's a good ieda.\nQuestion: What are they planning on doing in the morning?\nChoices: (A)fishing (B)mountain biking (C)hiking\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What are they planning on doing in the morning? Choices: (A)fishing (B)mountain biking (C)hiking Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What are they planning on doing in the morning? Choices: (A)fishing (B)mountain biking (C)hiking Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What are they planning on doing in the morning? Choices: (A)fishing (B)mountain biking (C)hiking Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What are they planning on doing in the morning? Choices: (A)fishing (B)mountain biking (C)hiking Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What are they planning on doing in the morning? Choices: (A)fishing (B)mountain biking (C)hiking Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What are they planning on doing in", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nPual: Sraa, I've been lknoiog forarwd to our yelary cmap out for trhee weeks. [Me too] It's ginog to be a wfeondurl day for hniikg trooomrw. The geart ootrudos. Cpnimag uendr the srats. Tihs is the lfie.\nSraa: Yaeh, but Pual, I'm a ltltie bit werirod aoubt the weahetr touhgh. The wheaametrn siad it was gniog to rian ltaer tnhoigt.\nPual: Ah, nesnsnoe. Nonithg can soipl our auedrtnve. Toshe wtaheer rroptes are neevr rhigt.\nSraa: And it siad trhee was a canche of hgih wdins.\nPual: Ah. Don't wrory.\nSraa: [tudehnr] Pual. Pual. Did you rmeebemr to bnirg our racatinos jsut in csae, lkie I tlod you? [lhgit rian]\nPual: Uh ... no. I lfet tehm on the fonrt prcoh. [haevy rian]\nSraa: Waht are we giong to do now?\nPual: We'll hvae to seelp in the car! Hrury get in! [door suht]\nSraa: So, Pual, waht are we gnoig to do now?\nPual: How aubot pyilnag a crad gmae?\nSraa: Uhh. I lfet tehm nxet to the picinc tbale. [Hmmm] Hey, you don't wnat me to go out in tihs rian and get tehm, do you?\nPual: No. Taht's oaky. So waht now?\nSraa: Wlel, we culod haed dwon the mnuoiatn and saty at taht heotl we pssaed on the way up, or go hmoe.\nPual: Hmm, why don't we jsut mkae the bset of it hree and hpoe the weehatr cleras.\nSraa: Taht's a good ieda.\nQuestion: According to the weather report, when would it start raining?\nChoices: (A)in the afternoon (B)at night (C)in the morning\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The weather report said that it would start raining late at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the afternoon. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the morning. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the afternoon. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the morning. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the afternoon. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the morning. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the afternoon. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the morning. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the afternoon. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the morning. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start at night. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start in the afternoon. The dialogue indicates that the rain would start", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nPual: Sraa, I've been lknoiog farorwd to our yerlay cmap out for trehe wkees. [Me too] It's gonig to be a wuenofdrl day for hkniig tooromrw. The graet oduorots. Cpimnag udenr the satrs. Tihs is the lfie.\nSraa: Yaeh, but Pual, I'm a llttie bit weoirrd aoubt the weeahtr tuhogh. The wtheamraen siad it was ginog to rian ltear tohgint.\nPual: Ah, nnsenose. Nnitohg can soipl our aevnrdute. Tohse wtehear rroptes are nveer rghit.\nSraa: And it siad trhee was a chcnae of hgih wdins.\nPual: Ah. Don't wrory.\nSraa: [thenudr] Pual. Pual. Did you rmeebmer to bnrig our rciatanos jsut in csae, lkie I tlod you? [lgiht rian]\nPual: Uh ... no. I lfet tehm on the fnort proch. [havey rian]\nSraa: Waht are we ginog to do now?\nPual: We'll hvae to seelp in the car! Hrruy get in! [door suht]\nSraa: So, Pual, waht are we giong to do now?\nPual: How aoubt pyialng a crad gmae?\nSraa: Uhh. I lfet tehm nxet to the pcniic tblae. [Hmmm] Hey, you don't wnat me to go out in tihs rian and get tehm, do you?\nPual: No. Taht's oaky. So waht now?\nSraa: Wlel, we colud haed dwon the miuoatnn and saty at taht hteol we psaesd on the way up, or go hmoe.\nPual: Hmm, why don't we jsut mkae the bset of it hree and hpoe the wtaeehr craels.\nSraa: Taht's a good ieda.\nQuestion: What did Paul forget to bring?\nChoices: (A)rain coats (B)umbrellas (C)rain boots\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)rain coats (B)umbrellas (C)rain boots Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did Paul forget to bring? Choices: (A)rain coats (B)umbrellas (C)rain boots Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What did Paul forget to bring? Choices: (A)rain coats (B)umbrellas (C)rain boots Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What did Paul forget to bring? Choices: (A)rain coats (B)umbrellas (C)rain boots Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What did Paul forget to bring? Choices: (A)rain coats (B)umbrellas (C)rain boots Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What did Paul forget to bring? Choices: (A)rain coats (B)umbrellas (C)", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nPual: Sraa, I've been loinokg frwarod to our yrelay cmap out for trehe wekes. [Me too] It's gonig to be a wdfueronl day for hiinkg trooormw. The gaert ooordtus. Cainmpg uendr the sarts. Tihs is the lfie.\nSraa: Yaeh, but Pual, I'm a lttile bit weoirrd auobt the waeethr tguhoh. The waraehtmen siad it was gnoig to rian ltaer thiongt.\nPual: Ah, nnsnosee. Nntoihg can siopl our aedturnve. Toshe wehtaer reoptrs are nveer rhigt.\nSraa: And it siad trhee was a ccanhe of hgih widns.\nPual: Ah. Don't wrroy.\nSraa: [tnduher] Pual. Pual. Did you rembeemr to brnig our raoicants jsut in csae, lkie I tlod you? [lghit rian]\nPual: Uh ... no. I lfet tehm on the fonrt prcoh. [hvaey rian]\nSraa: Waht are we giong to do now?\nPual: We'll hvae to seelp in the car! Hrury get in! [door suht]\nSraa: So, Pual, waht are we gnoig to do now?\nPual: How aubot piyanlg a crad gmae?\nSraa: Uhh. I lfet tehm nxet to the pniicc tblae. [Hmmm] Hey, you don't wnat me to go out in tihs rian and get tehm, do you?\nPual: No. Taht's oaky. So waht now?\nSraa: Wlel, we culod haed dwon the muniotan and saty at taht heotl we psased on the way up, or go hmoe.\nPual: Hmm, why don't we jsut mkae the bset of it hree and hpoe the wteeahr carles.\nSraa: Taht's a good ieda.\nQuestion: Where did Sara leave the playing cards?\nChoices: (A)next to picnic table (B)on picnic table (C)under picnic table\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Where did Sara leave the playing cards? Choices: (A)next to picnic table (B)on picnic table (C)under picnic table Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where did Sara leave the playing cards? Choices: (A)next to picnic table (B)on picnic table (C)under picnic table Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where did Sara leave the playing cards? Choices: (A)next to picnic table (B)on picnic table (C)under picnic table Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where did Sara leave the playing cards? Choices: (A)next to picnic table (B)on picnic table (C)under picnic table Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where did Sara leave the playing cards? Choices: (A)next to picnic table (B)on picnic table (C)under picnic table Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nPual: Sraa, I've been loinkog forwrad to our ylreay cmap out for tehre wkees. [Me too] It's ginog to be a wuerdofnl day for hkniig tromroow. The garet oodtruos. Cpnimag udenr the srtas. Tihs is the lfie.\nSraa: Yaeh, but Pual, I'm a ltltie bit woierrd aubot the wtaeehr tughoh. The wmhtreaean siad it was gnoig to rian ltear thoignt.\nPual: Ah, nsesonne. Notinhg can spiol our advrneute. Tohse waeehtr rterops are neevr rgiht.\nSraa: And it siad trhee was a chcane of hgih wdins.\nPual: Ah. Don't wrroy.\nSraa: [tednhur] Pual. Pual. Did you rbeememr to binrg our racintaos jsut in csae, lkie I tlod you? [lhgit rian]\nPual: Uh ... no. I lfet tehm on the fnrot prcoh. [hevay rian]\nSraa: Waht are we gniog to do now?\nPual: We'll hvae to seelp in the car! Hrruy get in! [door suht]\nSraa: So, Pual, waht are we giong to do now?\nPual: How aubot palniyg a crad gmae?\nSraa: Uhh. I lfet tehm nxet to the pnicic tlabe. [Hmmm] Hey, you don't wnat me to go out in tihs rian and get tehm, do you?\nPual: No. Taht's oaky. So waht now?\nSraa: Wlel, we culod haed dwon the muntaion and saty at taht htoel we peassd on the way up, or go hmoe.\nPual: Hmm, why don't we jsut mkae the bset of it hree and hpoe the wheeatr caelrs.\nSraa: Taht's a good ieda.\nQuestion: What do they finally decide to do?\nChoices: (A)stay at a hotel (B)return home (C)sleep at the campground\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a real conversation. The dialogue is a re-creation of a", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Sholud I ask Jhon waht we hvae to raed for trmoroow?\nM: How wulod he konw?\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)He knows John well enough. (B)John won't know at all. (C)John would be the one to ask.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is based on the dialogue: M: How wulod he konw? Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)He knows John well enough. (B)John won't know at all. (C)John would be the one to ask. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is based on the dialogue: M: How wulod he konw? Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)He knows John well enough. (B)John won't know at all. (C)John would be the one to ask. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is based on the dialogue: M: How wulod he konw? Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)He knows John well enough. (B)John won't know at all. (C)John would be the one to ask. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is based on the dialogue: M", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: The flim wlil bgien at sveen o'ccolk.\nM: Oh, it's six ftify. We msut hrruy.\nQuestion: When will the film begin?\nChoices: (A)At six fifty (B)At seven (C)At seven fifty\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The film will begin at seven o'clock. Question: When will the film begin? Choices: (A)At six fifty (B)At seven (C)Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Can I hlep you?\nM: I'm lokniog for smoe siut taht I can waer at the oicffe as wlel as on wneedeks.\nW: Let me sohw you a new smumer clelooictn. Terhe're sereval sletys taht you're jsut lkoinog for.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation most probably take place?\nChoices: (A)In an office. (B)In a museum. (C)In a clothing store.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a clothing store. The", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Oh, I'm fed up wtih my job.\nM: Hey, trhee's a pefrect job for you in the pepar tadoy. You mhigt be ietsnerted.\nW: Oh, waht is it? Waht do tehy wnat?\nM: Wiat a mnuite. Uh, hree it is. The Eeuoparn Sacpe Acngey is ririceuntg tlntraaosrs.\nW: The Eueaporn Sacpe Agecny?\nM: Wlel, taht's waht it syas. Tehy need an Elsignh toaanltrsr to wrok form Fcnreh or Grmaen.\nW: So tehy need a dreege in Fcnreh or Gmrean, I susppoe. Wlel, I've got taht. Waht's mroe, I hvae pnltey of ecreexnpie. Waht esle are tehy aiknsg for?\nM: Jsut taht. A untsrieivy dreege and tehre or fuor yeras of ecnxeipree as a tosnlrtaar in a pnefioaossrl eonmnvinret. Tehy aslo say the pseorn sulohd hvae a livley and iqrinuing mnid, etvefcife cunitoocmiamn slkils and the atibily to wrok iiivdluldnay or as a prat of the taem.\nW: Wlel, if I saty at my psrenet job mcuh logenr, I won't hvae any mnid or skllis lfet. By the way, waht abuot saarly? I jsut hpoe it isn't loewr tahn waht I get now.\nM: It's siad to be ntgilbeoae. It dpedens on the anppilcat's eutdcioan and enecperixe. In atddioin to bsaic saalry, terhe's a lsit of etrxa bteifnes. Hvae a look yuelrsof.\nW: Hm, taevrl and sacoil stuiercy puls rcaeoliton eseenpxs are piad. Hey, tihs isn't bad. I rlealy wnat the job.\nQuestion: Why is the woman trying to find a new job?\nChoices: (A)She is thirsty for promotion. (B)She is tired of her present work. (C)She wants a much higher salary.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is the woman's present job? Choices: (A)She is a secretary. (B)She is a teacher. (C)She is a manager. (D)She is a doctor. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What is the man's present job? Choices: (A)He is a manager. (B)He is a doctor. (C)He is a secretary. (D)He is a teacher. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: What is the woman's present job? Choices: (A)She is a secretary. (B)She is a teacher. (C)She is a manager. (D)She is a doctor. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: What is the man's present job? Choices: (A)He is a manager. (B)He is a doctor. (C)He is a secretary. (D)He is a teacher. Answer: Based", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Oh, I'm fed up wtih my job.\nM: Hey, tehre's a pceefrt job for you in the peapr tdoay. You mgiht be itsernteed.\nW: Oh, waht is it? Waht do tehy wnat?\nM: Wiat a mntiue. Uh, hree it is. The Eperuaon Scpae Agceny is ritrcuieng ttlaoasrrns.\nW: The Eorapuen Sapce Aegncy?\nM: Wlel, taht's waht it syas. Tehy need an Einlgsh toslrtaanr to wrok form Fnecrh or Graemn.\nW: So tehy need a dregee in Fercnh or Grmean, I sousppe. Wlel, I've got taht. Waht's mroe, I hvae pntley of enepxirece. Waht esle are tehy anskig for?\nM: Jsut taht. A uneriivsty deegre and trehe or fuor yreas of ecxnpeeire as a trtaoalsnr in a paiefrsoonsl eiovnrmnnet. Tehy aslo say the poresn sluohd hvae a lvleiy and iiirnqnug mnid, eevciffte ccuooaitmnmin sklils and the ailibty to wrok ilvdulaiindy or as a prat of the taem.\nW: Wlel, if I saty at my pnseert job mcuh logner, I won't hvae any mnid or siklls lfet. By the way, waht aubot sraaly? I jsut hpoe it isn't lweor tahn waht I get now.\nM: It's siad to be nbaitloege. It dnedeps on the aippcnalt's eouidctan and epcienxree. In aiioddtn to bsiac sraaly, terhe's a lsit of ertxa betfneis. Hvae a look yuoslerf.\nW: Hm, treavl and sicaol scuirety puls roaleoticn exnpsees are piad. Hey, tihs isn't bad. I really wnat the job.\nQuestion: What position is being advertised in the paper?\nChoices: (A)Language instructor. (B)Environmental engineer. (C)Translator.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What is the job description? Choices: (A)Language instructor. (B)Environmental engineer. (C)Translator. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the job description? Choices: (A)Language instructor. (B)Environmental engineer. (C)Translator. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the job description? Choices: (A)Language instructor. (B)Environmental engineer. (C)Translator. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the job description? Choices: (A)Language instructor. (B)Environmental engineer. (C)Translator. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the job description? Choices: (A)Language instructor. (B)Environmental engineer. (C)Translator. Answer: Based on the", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Oh, I'm fed up wtih my job.\nM: Hey, terhe's a pecrfet job for you in the ppear taody. You mgiht be itresented.\nW: Oh, waht is it? Waht do tehy wnat?\nM: Wiat a muinte. Uh, hree it is. The Eaupoern Sacpe Acegny is riniretucg tlraatsnors.\nW: The Eaoeurpn Spcae Acgney?\nM: Wlel, taht's waht it syas. Tehy need an Eginslh trlanatsor to wrok form Fcernh or Gmaren.\nW: So tehy need a deerge in Fecrnh or Gearmn, I soppsue. Wlel, I've got taht. Waht's mroe, I hvae ptlney of epexenrcie. Waht esle are tehy ainksg for?\nM: Jsut taht. A ureiinsvty dgeree and trhee or fuor yreas of enpixeecre as a tlranastor in a pfieaonrssol eoivnmnnret. Tehy aslo say the psoren slohud hvae a llivey and iiqnunrig mnid, eftvicfee cuotiocinammn siklls and the atlibiy to wrok iinulvaliddy or as a prat of the taem.\nW: Wlel, if I saty at my pseenrt job mcuh loengr, I won't hvae any mnid or slliks lfet. By the way, waht aoubt salray? I jsut hpoe it isn't lweor tahn waht I get now.\nM: It's siad to be ngelioatbe. It dpnedes on the anpiaplct's eucaitdon and eenxpcriee. In aidtdoin to bsaic sarlay, terhe's a lsit of etrxa bietnfes. Hvae a look yelorusf.\nW: Hm, tvreal and siacol steciruy puls rociolaten espnxees are piad. Hey, tihs isn't bad. I rllaey wnat the job.\nQuestion: What are the key factors that determine the salary of the new position?\nChoices: (A)Devotion and work efficiency. (B)Lively personality and inquiring mind. (C)Education and experience.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What are the key factors that determine the salary of the new position? Choices: (A)Devotion and work efficiency. (B)Lively personality and inquiring mind. (C)Education and experience. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What are the key factors that determine the salary of the new position? Choices: (A)Devotion and work efficiency. (B)Lively personality and inquiring mind. (C)Education and experience. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What are the key factors that determine the salary of the new position? Choices: (A)Devotion and work efficiency. (B)Lively personality and inquiring mind. (C)Education and experience. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What are the key factors that determine the salary of the new position? Choices: (A)Devotion and work efficiency. (B)Lively personality and inquiring mind. (C)Education and experience. Answer: Based", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You crailtney heavn't cgnehad mcuh. You look the smae. You msut be lviing a hpapy lfie.\nW: You're rgiht!\nQuestion: Which is true according to the woman?\nChoices: (A)She lives a sad life. (B)She is living a happy life. (C)She is happy.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is living a happy life. The man is saying that she hasn't changed much. She looks the same. She must be living a happy life. The woman agrees with the man. The woman is happy. The man is saying that she hasn't changed much. She looks the same. She must be living a happy life. The woman agrees with the man. The man is saying that she lives a sad life. The woman agrees with the man. The woman is living a happy life. The man is saying that she hasn't changed much. She looks the same. She must be living a happy life. The woman agrees with the man. The woman is happy. The man is saying that she lives a sad life. The woman agrees with the man. The woman is living a happy life. The man is saying that she hasn't changed much. She looks the same. She must be living a happy life. The woman agrees with the man. The man is saying that she lives a sad life. The woman agrees with the man. The man is saying that she lives a sad life. The woman agrees", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Is tihs yuor new bkie?\nW: Yes. My old one dsoen't wrok wlel.\nQuestion: Why does the woman buy a new bike?\nChoices: (A)The old one is broken. (B)She doesn't like the old one. (C)The old one is lost.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The woman says that her old one doesn't work well. The dialogue doesn't mention that the old one is broken. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman lost the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman lost the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn't like the old one. The woman doesn", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Did you wtcah the ftabolol mcath on TV ytdeaesry eeinvng?\nW: No I ddin't. I had dneinr wtih a fnerid and ddin't go bcak hmoe uitnl ehigt o'coclk.\nQuestion: What did the woman do yesterday evening?\nChoices: (A)She ate out. (B)She watched TV. (C)She watched a match.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman did not watch TV yesterday evening. She had dinner with a friend and did not go back home until late. She did not watch a match. She did not eat out. She did not watch a match. She did not watch TV. She did not eat out. She did not go back home. She did not watch a match. She did not eat out. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She did not watch TV. She did not go back home. She", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'm sltil waniitg for the celrk to cmoe bcak and mkae smoe ceopis of tihs ppaer for me.\nW: Why tlrobue him? I'll sohw you how esay it is to wrok wtih the mhnicae.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)She can help the man. (B)The machine was just repaired. (C)The clerk doesn't like to be troubled.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman means that she can help the man. Question: What does the woman mean? Choices: (A)She can help the man. (B)The machine was just repaired. (C)The clerk doesn't like to be troubled. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman means that she can help the man. Question: What does the woman mean? Choices: (A)She can help the man. (B)The machine was just repaired. (C)The clerk doesn't like to be troubled. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman means that she can help the man. Question: What does the woman mean? Choices: (A)She can help the man. (B)The machine was just repaired. (C)The clerk doesn't like to be troubled. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman means that she can help the man. Question: What does the woman mean? Choices: (A)She can help the man. (B)The machine was just repaired. (C)The", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Ldina seapks Egisnlh alsmot as wlel as an Arieacmn.\nW: Don't you konw her fmlaiy leivd in the U.S. uintl she was 12 yraes old? She's never fgotreotn her Elignsh.\nQuestion: What can we learn about Linda?\nChoices: (A)She has been staying in the U.S. for 12 years. (B)She went to America at the age of 12. (C)She didn't leave the U.S. until she was 12.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Linda was 12 years old when she went to America. She has been staying in the U.S. for 12 years. She went to America at the age of 12. She didn't leave the U.S. until she was 12. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Linda was 12 years old when she went to America. She has been staying in the U.S. for 12 years. She went to America at the age of 12. She didn't leave the U.S. until she was 12. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Linda was 12 years old when she went to America. She has been staying in the U.S. for 12 years. She went to America at the age of 12. She didn't leave the U.S. until she was 12. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Linda was 12 years old when she went to America. She has been staying in the U.S. for 12 years. She went to America at the age of 12. She didn't leave the U.S. until she was 12. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Linda", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Cmoe on, Pteer! It's nraley seevn.\nM: I'm aolsmt rdeay.\nW: We'll be ltae if you don't hrruy.\nM: One mutnie, psalee. I'm pnacikg my tngihs.\nW: The thaerces won't let us in if we are ltae.\nM: OK. I'm radey.\nW: Cmoe on, tehn.\nM: Oh, I'll hvae to get my mneoy.\nW: You don't need mnoey wehn you are hinvag the eaxm, do you?\nM: Of crsoue not. OK, Let's go... Oh, my God. I've foogrt my wtcah.\nW: You'll fgeort yuor haed if you're not crfueal.\nM: My mtehor syas taht, too.\nW: I hpoe you'll be mroe craufel in the eaxm.\nQuestion: What's the relationship between the speakers?\nChoices: (A)Brother and sister. (B)Mother and son. (C)Classmates.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What's the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Brother and sister. (B)Mother and son. (C)Classmates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What's the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Brother and sister. (B)Mother and son. (C)Classmates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What's the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Brother and sister. (B)Mother and son. (C)Classmates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What's the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Brother and sister. (B)Mother and son. (C)Classmates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What's the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Brother and sister. (B)Mother and son. (C)Classmates. Answer", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Cmoe on, Pteer! It's nelary sveen.\nM: I'm aomslt reday.\nW: We'll be ltae if you don't hrury.\nM: One mntiue, pelase. I'm pakcnig my tghins.\nW: The trhceaes won't let us in if we are ltae.\nM: OK. I'm radey.\nW: Cmoe on, tehn.\nM: Oh, I'll hvae to get my menoy.\nW: You don't need mnoey wehn you are hianvg the eaxm, do you?\nM: Of cusore not. OK, Let's go... Oh, my God. I've fgoort my wctah.\nW: You'll frgeot yuor haed if you're not cfuarel.\nM: My mhteor syas taht, too.\nW: I hpoe you'll be mroe cuferal in the eaxm.\nQuestion: What are they going to do?\nChoices: (A)They are going to have an exam. (B)They are going to travel. (C)They are going to buy a watch.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What are they going to do? Choices: (A)They are going to have an exam. (B)They are going to travel. (C)They are going to buy a watch. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What are they going to do? Choices: (A)They are going to have an exam. (B)They are going to travel. (C)They are going to buy a watch. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What are they going to do? Choices: (A)They are going to have an exam. (B)They are going to travel. (C)They are going to buy a watch. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What are they going to do? Choices: (A)They are going to have an exam. (B)They are going to travel. (C)They are going to buy a watch. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What are they going to do?", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Cmoe on, Peetr! It's naerly seevn.\nM: I'm aslomt rdeay.\nW: We'll be ltae if you don't hurry.\nM: One miutne, paesle. I'm pckinag my tinhgs.\nW: The trcahees won't let us in if we are ltae.\nM: OK. I'm rdeay.\nW: Cmoe on, tehn.\nM: Oh, I'll hvae to get my mneoy.\nW: You don't need moeny wehn you are hvnaig the eaxm, do you?\nM: Of cuorse not. OK, Let's go... Oh, my God. I've froogt my wtach.\nW: You'll fgoret yuor haed if you're not cfeural.\nM: My mehtor syas taht, too.\nW: I hpoe you'll be mroe crfuael in the eaxm.\nQuestion: What does the woman think of the man?\nChoices: (A)He is very serious. (B)He is too careless. (C)He is very lazy.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What does the woman think of the man? Choices: (A)He is very serious. (B)He is too careless. (C)He is very lazy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman think of the man? Choices: (A)He is very serious. (B)He is too careless. (C)He is very lazy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman think of the man? Choices: (A)He is very serious. (B)He is too careless. (C)He is very lazy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman think of the man? Choices: (A)He is very serious. (B)He is too careless. (C)He is very lazy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman think of the man? Choices: (A)He is very serious. (B)He is too care", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good aorotenfn. ABC canompy. May I hlep you?\nM: Yes, may I seapk to Mr. Jeams Ptoetr, palese?\nW: I'm afaird Mr. Jmeas Pttoer isn't aialblave rghit now. Wloud you lkie to laeve a mgsease?\nM: Tihs is Mtiarn Rarichd wtih Sun Eotliercncs. It's vrey iomrptnat taht he ruretns my clal tihs afonrtoen.\nW: Deos he hvae yuor ofcife nebumr and yuor mbolie pohne nmuebr?\nM: I tinhk so. but let me gvie tehm to you aagin.\nW: Oaky.\nM: My oifcfe nmbuer is 714-888-3765; my clel pnhoe nmuebr is 909-333-8739. He can rcaeh me at my ociffe neumbr broefe 6:00 p.m. or anmytie tdaoy on my mioble.\nW: Vrey wlel. I'll gvie him yuor mgsseae as soon as he rurtnes to the oficfe.\nQuestion: At what time can Mr. James Potter call Martin Richard on his mobile?\nChoices: (A)Before 6:00 p.m. (B)After 6:00 p.m. (C)Anytime that day.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Martin Richard said that Mr. James Potter can call him at his office number before 6:00 p.m. or anytime that day on his mobile. The dialogue does not mention that Mr. James Potter can call Martin Richard after 6:00 p.m. or anytime that day on his mobile. The answer is B. Question: What is Martin Richard's mobile phone number? Choices: (A)714-888-3765 (B)909-333-8739 (C)714-888-3765 (D)909-333-8739 Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Martin Richard said that Mr. James Potter can call him at his office number before 6:00 p.m. or anytime that day on his mobile. The dialogue does not mention that Mr. James Potter can call Martin Richard after 6:00 p.m. or anytime that day on his mobile. The answer is B. Question: What is Martin Richard's office number? Choices: (A)714-888-3765 (B)909-333-8739 (C)714-888-3765 (D)909", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Olny tea? Oh, cmoe on, hvae senmothig segortnr.\nW: No, jsut tea. It's the dcotor's orerds.\nQuestion: What did the doctor advise the man to do?\nChoices: (A)To take less wine. (B)To give up smoking. (C)Not to drink hard drinks.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Choices: (A)To take less wine. (B)To give up smoking. (C)Not to drink hard drinks. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)To take less wine. (B)To give up smoking. (C)Not to drink hard drinks. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)To take less wine. (B)To give up smoking. (C)Not to drink hard drinks. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)To take less wine. (B)To give up smoking. (C)Not to drink hard drinks. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)To take less wine. (B)To give up smoking. (C)Not to drink hard drinks. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)To take less wine. (B)To give up smoking. (C)Not to drink hard drinks.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Ecxsue me, Msis? Did aynnoe hppean to trun in a new hnaadbg? You konw, it's a baihdtry gfit for my wfie.\nW: Let me see. Oh, we've got qiute a lot of woemn's bgas hree. Can you gvie me mroe deiteald ioomnratifn, scuh as its cloor, the szie and the tdarremak?\nQuestion: Where does this conversation most probably take place?\nChoices: (A)At a \"Lost and Found\". (B)At an exhibition. (C)At a trade fair.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is most likely to take place at an exhibition. The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a trade fair. The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to take place at a \"Lost and Found\". The dialogue is most likely to", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: May I hlep you, sir?\nM: Yes. I'm lkioong for a ncie gfit for my meothr. It's her bdahtriy toroormw.\nW: Do you hvae aynhntig sepiacl in mnid?\nM: No, not rellay.\nW: Ppaerhs she wolud lkie a nelckcae. We hvae mnay ccehois hree.\nM: No, tnhkas. My mom deosn't lkie jwlees.\nW: Wlel, tehn. Mbaye a wcath wulod be ncie.\nM: Yes, taht's it. She deos need a new wcath wtih big, caler nerbums. She has cnmaeoilpd a lot auobt the slmal neburms on her wtcah.\nW: Tihs glod one is petrty, and I'm srue it wlil be esay for her to raed the tmie.\nM: Don't you tnhik it's a bit too fnacy for old ledais?\nW: No, it allutcay slles vrey wlel and the old liades lkie it vrey mcuh.\nM: Mbyae you are rghit. I'll tkae it.\nW: I'm srue yuor moehtr wlil lvoe it.\nM: I hpoe so.\nQuestion: What was the man doing?\nChoices: (A)Looking for a watch for his mother. (B)Looking for a necklace for his mother. (C)Looking for a birthday gift for his mother.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What was the man doing? Choices: (A)Looking for a watch for his mother. (B)Looking for a necklace for his mother. (C)Looking for a birthday gift for his mother. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What was the man doing? Choices: (A)Looking for a watch for his mother. (B)Looking for a necklace for his mother. (C)Looking for a birthday gift for his mother. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What was the man doing? Choices: (A)Looking for a watch for his mother. (B)Looking for a necklace for his mother. (C)Looking for a birthday gift for his mother. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What was the man doing? Choices: (A)Looking for a watch for his mother. (B)Looking for a necklace for his mother. (C)Looking for a birthday gift for his mother", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: May I hlep you, sir?\nM: Yes. I'm lnookig for a ncie gfit for my mtehor. It's her bhiratdy tmrrooow.\nW: Do you hvae atihnnyg spaecil in mnid?\nM: No, not rlleay.\nW: Peaphrs she wloud lkie a naelckce. We hvae mnay ceiochs hree.\nM: No, tankhs. My mom deson't lkie jleews.\nW: Wlel, tehn. Mbaye a wcath wulod be ncie.\nM: Yes, taht's it. She deos need a new wcath wtih big, celar nermubs. She has caeiomplnd a lot aubot the salml nbrumes on her wacth.\nW: Tihs glod one is ptrety, and I'm srue it wlil be esay for her to raed the tmie.\nM: Don't you tnihk it's a bit too fncay for old laedis?\nW: No, it atulacly slels vrey wlel and the old ldieas lkie it vrey mcuh.\nM: Mbaye you are rhgit. I'll tkae it.\nW: I'm srue yuor mhoetr wlil lvoe it.\nM: I hpoe so.\nQuestion: What was wrong with the watch of his mother's?\nChoices: (A)It's broken. (B)It's too small. (C)Its numbers are too small for his mother.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What was wrong with the watch of his mother's? Choices: (A)It's broken. (B)It's too small. (C)Its numbers are too small for his mother. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What was wrong with the watch of his mother's? Choices: (A)It's broken. (B)It's too small. (C)Its numbers are too small for his mother. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What was wrong with the watch of his mother's? Choices: (A)It's broken. (B)It's too small. (C)Its numbers are too small for his mother. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What was wrong with the watch of his mother's? Choices: (A)It's broken. (B)It's too small. (C)Its numbers are too small for his mother. Answer: Based", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: May I hlep you, sir?\nM: Yes. I'm likonog for a ncie gfit for my mtehor. It's her brahitdy torroomw.\nW: Do you hvae atinhyng secaipl in mnid?\nM: No, not ralley.\nW: Ppehars she wulod lkie a nkcclaee. We hvae mnay coiches hree.\nM: No, tnhaks. My mom dosen't lkie jleews.\nW: Wlel, tehn. Mbyae a wtcah wuold be ncie.\nM: Yes, taht's it. She deos need a new wcath wtih big, caler nermubs. She has cmeailpond a lot aobut the salml nmeurbs on her wctah.\nW: Tihs glod one is pttrey, and I'm srue it wlil be esay for her to raed the tmie.\nM: Don't you tinhk it's a bit too fcany for old ldeais?\nW: No, it alcaulty slles vrey wlel and the old leaids lkie it vrey mcuh.\nM: Myabe you are rhigt. I'll tkae it.\nW: I'm srue yuor mtehor wlil lvoe it.\nM: I hpoe so.\nQuestion: What would the man buy at last?\nChoices: (A)A gold ring. (B)A gold watch. (C)A gold necklace.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man buys a gold necklace for his mother. The man", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tom siad he wloud cmoe to repiar our sloar heeatr wehn he had tmie.\nM: He oetfn syas he is wnillig to hlep, but he neevr semes to hvae tmie.\nQuestion: What does the man imply about Tom?\nChoices: (A)He is not a good mechanic. (B)He doesn't keep his word. (C)He spends his spare time doing repairs.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The man implies that Tom is not a good mechanic. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Why don't you jion me at the gym stmomiee? I can get you a gseut psas.\nM: Wlel, mbyae sademoy, but I'm pttrey lzay aoubt tnghis lkie taht.\nQuestion: What do you know about the man?\nChoices: (A)He is a pretty lazy man. (B)He doesn't like gym. (C)He doesn't want a guest pass.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man is pretty lazy about that. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't like gym. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't want a guest pass. He is a pretty lazy man. He doesn't", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Litsen to me, Joe, the eaxm is aeadlry a tnihg of the psat. Jsut fgoret aobut it.\nM: Taht's eeiasr siad tahn dnoe.\nQuestion: What can we infer from the conversation?\nChoices: (A)The exam was easier than the previous one. (B)Joe is sure that he will do better in the next exam. (C)Joe probably failed in the exam.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Joe is sure that he will do better in the next exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe probably failed in the exam. Joe", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Can I hlep you, Mdaam?\nF: Yes, I wnat a klio of fsih and smoe firut.\nQuestion: What is the woman doing?\nChoices: (A)She is cooking supper. (B)She is buying clothes. (C)She is buying some food.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Choices: (A)She is cooking supper. (B)She is buying clothes. (C)She is buying some food. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Choices: (A)She is cooking supper. (B)She is buying clothes. (C)She is buying some food. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Choices: (A)She is cooking supper. (B)She is buying clothes. (C)She is buying some food. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Choices: (A)She is cooking supper. (B)She is buying clothes. (C)She is buying some food. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Choices: (A)She is cooking supper. (B)She is buying clothes. (C)She is buying some food. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Choices: (A)She is cooking supper. (B)She is", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mionrng. Tihs is Shhgaani Car Reantl.\nM: Good mninorg, Msis. A finerd of mnie segstuged I clal you to hrie a car.\nW: Oh, yes. A lot of ppeole do tihs teshe dyas.\nM: Yes, we are jsut on hadlioy hree for a few dyas and tehy siad it wulod be a good ieda to hrie a car to get aunrod the ctiy.\nW: Wlel, it clniaetry is. Waht knid of car do you wnat to hrie?\nM: Waht can you ssguegt?\nW: We hvae a vetiray of cochie, scuh as Xaili, wichh is the cehepast, 200 yaun a day, Ceiotrn, Jttaa, Eelyse, but Sanntaa sendas are the big foaivtre teshe dyas.\nM: How mcuh if I hrie a Staanna for tehre dyas?\nW: Oh, taht wlil be 1,200 yaun.\nM: On, it sdouns a bit too epsivxnee. Waht aoubt a Jttea?\nW: It wlil be 300 yaun a day.\nM: Tehn I'd btteer hrie a Jttea torroomw mninrog, wuold trehe be any pblerom?\nW: No plrboem at all. Now let me tkae dwon yuor nmae and tpeonehle numebr.\nQuestion: Why does the man want to hire a car?\nChoices: (A)To go and see his friends. (B)To visit the city. (C)To go shopping.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What kind of car does the man want to hire? Choices: (A)A Xaili. (B)A Ceiotrn. (C)A Jttaa. (D)A Sanntaa. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: How much will it cost if the man hires a Staanna for three days? Choices: (A)1,200 yuan. (B)1,500 yuan. (C)1,800 yuan. (D)1,500 yuan. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: How much will it cost if the man hires a Jttea? Choices: (A)300 yuan. (B)1,200 yuan. (C)1,500 yuan. (D)1,800 yuan. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is C. Question: What does the woman say about the man's request? Choices: (", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mronnig. Tihs is Snahaghi Car Rnaetl.\nM: Good minonrg, Msis. A firend of mnie sgseuetgd I clal you to hrie a car.\nW: Oh, yes. A lot of ppeole do tihs tshee dyas.\nM: Yes, we are jsut on hdoliay hree for a few dyas and tehy siad it wulod be a good ieda to hrie a car to get arunod the ctiy.\nW: Wlel, it cteanliry is. Waht knid of car do you wnat to hrie?\nM: Waht can you segsugt?\nW: We hvae a veritay of cchioe, scuh as Xalii, wchih is the cphseeat, 200 yaun a day, Ceroitn, Jtata, Eylese, but Snatana sdenas are the big fvrotaie tshee dyas.\nM: How mcuh if I hrie a Snatnaa for tehre dyas?\nW: Oh, taht wlil be 1,200 yaun.\nM: On, it sudons a bit too evpixsnee. Waht aoubt a Jteta?\nW: It wlil be 300 yaun a day.\nM: Tehn I'd betetr hrie a Jttea toormorw monrnig, wulod terhe be any pbroelm?\nW: No pelrobm at all. Now let me tkae dwon yuor nmae and tenholepe numebr.\nQuestion: What is the rental money for a Santana?\nChoices: (A)400 yuan a day. (B)300 yuan a day. (C)200 yuan a day.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What is the rental money for a Santana? Choices: (A)400 yuan a day. (B)300 yuan a day. (C)200 yuan a day. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the rental money for a Santana? Choices: (A)400 yuan a day. (B)300 yuan a day. (C)200 yuan a day. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the rental money for a Santana? Choices: (A)400 yuan a day. (B)300 yuan a day. (C)200 yuan a day. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the rental money for a Santana? Choices: (A)400 yuan a day. (B)300 yuan a day. (C", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mnoring. Tihs is Saagnhhi Car Rnaetl.\nM: Good mrinnog, Msis. A fneird of mnie stesgegud I clal you to hrie a car.\nW: Oh, yes. A lot of ppolee do tihs tehse dyas.\nM: Yes, we are jsut on hdoliay hree for a few dyas and tehy siad it wloud be a good ieda to hrie a car to get anroud the ctiy.\nW: Wlel, it crlieanty is. Waht knid of car do you wnat to hrie?\nM: Waht can you sesggut?\nW: We hvae a vtaeriy of ccohie, scuh as Xliai, wichh is the caehespt, 200 yaun a day, Ctorien, Jtata, Esyele, but Snnaata snedas are the big foirtave teshe dyas.\nM: How mcuh if I hrie a Sannata for terhe dyas?\nW: Oh, taht wlil be 1,200 yaun.\nM: On, it sdouns a bit too esvpixnee. Waht aoubt a Jteta?\nW: It wlil be 300 yaun a day.\nM: Tehn I'd bteter hrie a Jteta tmororow mrinong, wluod trhee be any plerbom?\nW: No plorebm at all. Now let me tkae dwon yuor nmae and telehopne nbuemr.\nQuestion: Which of the following is true according to the conversation?\nChoices: (A)The man is on holiday in Shanghai. (B)The man has decided to hire a Santana for 3 days. (C)Jettas are the most popular with the tourists.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man has decided to hire a Santana for 3 days. Jettas are the most popular with the tourists. The man has decided to hire a Santana for 3 days. Jettas are the most popular with the tourists. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man is on holiday in Shanghai. The man", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Why do you thorw yuor pen aawy?\nM: It dosen't wrok wlel.\nQuestion: Why does the man throw the pen away?\nChoices: (A)He doesn't like the color. (B)It's not his pen. (C)The pen doesn't work well.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The pen doesn't work well. Question: Why does the man throw the pen away? Choices: (A)He doesn't like the color. (B)It's not his pen. (C)The pen doesn't work well. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. The pen doesn't work well. Question: Why does the man throw the pen away? Choices: (A)He doesn't like the color. (B)It's not his pen. (C)The pen doesn't work well. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. The pen doesn't work well. Question: Why does the man throw the pen away? Choices: (A)He doesn't like the color. (B)It's not his pen. (C)The pen doesn't work well. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. The pen doesn't work well. Question: Why does the man throw the pen away? Choices: (A)He doesn't like the color. (B)I", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht heenpapd to you, Jcak? You look upest.\nM: I had my car sltoen.\nW: Oh, I'm srroy to haer taht. You slouhd rpoert it to the plocie rghit aawy.\nM: I gsues you are rhgit.\nQuestion: What can we learn from the conversation?\nChoices: (A)Jack will go to the police station. (B)Jack has just been to the police station. (C)Jack's friend has reported the case to the police.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Jack has just been to the police station. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack will go to the police station. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack will go to the police station. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police. Jack's friend has reported the case to the police.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hello, Mray, it's me, Mkie. Am I clalnig at a bad tmie?\nW: No, not ralley.\nM: I hvae ivitned smoe of my ferinds to deinnr at my hosue tihs eniveng. I tugohht mabye you'd lkie to cmoe, too.\nW: Wlel, taht sunods good, but I'm aiafrd I've got to do smoe riandeg for my Egnsilh cursoe.\nM: Tdoay is Fidary. You've got to raelx and eonjy ylouresf at the wekened.\nW: I konw. But trhee is a lot of renaidg to do. Biesdes, I rllaey ouhgt to do my wshinag tihs eevinng.\nM: Tehn wloud you lkie to cmoe jsut for a dnrik ltear on itnsaed?\nW: Altlcauy, I'd lkie to go to bed ealry tgiohnt. I'm a bit treid.\nM: All rhgit. Hvae a good rset. I'll clal you aagin tmrooorw.\nW: Don't clal me elary. I uuslaly seelp uintl eleevn on Sduyatras.\nM: Waht? Taht'll be too ltae for our Sdtauary cuonrty dvire.\nW: Did I say I'll go wtih you for a dvrie to the ctrunoy?\nM: No, but I hvae adlaery paelnnd eyhvrnteig.\nW: Leistn, Mkie. I lkie to paln my own dyas meylsf.\nQuestion: What does the woman want to do in the evening?\nChoices: (A)Stay at home. (B)Hold a dinner party. (C)Have a drink.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the woman want to do in the evening? Choices: (A)Stay at home. (B)Hold a dinner party. (C)Have a drink. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman want to do in the evening? Choices: (A)Stay at home. (B)Hold a dinner party. (C)Have a drink. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman want to do in the evening? Choices: (A)Stay at home. (B)Hold a dinner party. (C)Have a drink. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman want to do in the evening? Choices: (A)Stay at home. (B)Hold a dinner party. (C)Have a drink. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question:", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hlleo, Mray, it's me, Mkie. Am I clnilag at a bad tmie?\nW: No, not rlleay.\nM: I hvae iievtnd smoe of my fnrieds to dinenr at my hsoue tihs envieng. I tuohght mybae you'd lkie to cmoe, too.\nW: Wlel, taht sundos good, but I'm aiafrd I've got to do smoe radenig for my Ensgilh crouse.\nM: Tdoay is Firady. You've got to rlaex and eojny ysrleuof at the weenked.\nW: I konw. But terhe is a lot of raenidg to do. Beeisds, I rlaely ouhgt to do my wnishag tihs enenvig.\nM: Tehn wulod you lkie to cmoe jsut for a dnrik laetr on istenad?\nW: Aalltcuy, I'd lkie to go to bed elary tgonhit. I'm a bit treid.\nM: All rhigt. Hvae a good rset. I'll clal you aiagn tormroow.\nW: Don't clal me erlay. I ulasuly selep uitnl eeelvn on Sadtaurys.\nM: Waht? Taht'll be too ltae for our Sduatary cnrtuoy divre.\nW: Did I say I'll go wtih you for a dirve to the cnrouty?\nM: No, but I hvae alardey palennd eyehrtnivg.\nW: Lsetin, Mkie. I lkie to paln my own dyas melsyf.\nQuestion: What does the man think people should do at the weekend?\nChoices: (A)Rest and have fun. (B)Have a good sleep. (C)Take some exercise.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the woman think people should do at the weekend? Choices: (A)Rest and have fun. (B)Have a good sleep. (C)Take some exercise. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think people should do at the weekend? Choices: (A)Rest and have fun. (B)Have a good sleep. (C)Take some exercise. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think people should do at the weekend? Choices: (A)Rest and have fun. (B)Have a good sleep. (C)Take some exercise. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think people should do at the weekend? Choices: (A)Rest and have fun. (B)Have a good sleep. (C)Take some exercise. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think people should do", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hlelo, Mray, it's me, Mkie. Am I cllaing at a bad tmie?\nW: No, not rllaey.\nM: I hvae iievntd smoe of my fridens to deinnr at my husoe tihs eivenng. I thugoht mybae you'd lkie to cmoe, too.\nW: Wlel, taht snduos good, but I'm aafrid I've got to do smoe rdeaing for my Enislgh cuosre.\nM: Taody is Faridy. You've got to realx and eonjy yerosulf at the wkeened.\nW: I konw. But three is a lot of reiandg to do. Biedess, I rlleay ohugt to do my wnhasig tihs evnieng.\nM: Tehn wluod you lkie to cmoe jsut for a drnik laetr on iatesnd?\nW: Aaultcly, I'd lkie to go to bed elray tgnhoit. I'm a bit treid.\nM: All rgiht. Hvae a good rset. I'll clal you aigan trooomrw.\nW: Don't clal me elary. I ulalsuy selep unitl eevlen on Sdrtaauys.\nM: Waht? Taht'll be too ltae for our Sadatury cnotury divre.\nW: Did I say I'll go wtih you for a dvrie to the cutorny?\nM: No, but I hvae adlarey penland etyerihvng.\nW: Lestin, Mkie. I lkie to paln my own dyas mleysf.\nQuestion: How does the woman feel about the man's plan for this Saturday?\nChoices: (A)She is very satisfied. (B)She is pretty sad. (C)She is a little angry.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: How does the woman feel about the man's plan for this Saturday? Choices: (A)She is very satisfied. (B)She is pretty sad. (C)She is a little angry. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does the woman feel about the man's plan for this Saturday? Choices: (A)She is very satisfied. (B)She is pretty sad. (C)She is a little angry. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does the woman feel about the man's plan for this Saturday? Choices: (A)She is very satisfied. (B)She is pretty sad. (C)She is a little angry. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does the woman feel about the man's plan for this Saturday? Choices: (A)She is very satisfied. (B)She is pretty sad. (C)She is a little angry. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question:", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Excsue me, do you hvae any aeprttanms aaavbille for udenr 500 dorlals a mtnoh? I need to mvoe in nxet week wehn my new job sratts.\nM: The olny vacnat one I hvae is 600 dloalrs. Hvae you iqieunrd at the aaemtrpnt ceolpmx dwon the sreett?\nQuestion: What does the man suggest the woman do?\nChoices: (A)Look for a place near her office. (B)Find a new job down the street. (C)Make inquires elsewhere.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the man suggest the woman do? Choices: (A)Look for a place near her office. (B)Find a new job down the street. (C)Make inquires elsewhere. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man suggest the woman do? Choices: (A)Look for a place near her office. (B)Find a new job down the street. (C)Make inquires elsewhere. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man suggest the woman do? Choices: (A)Look for a place near her office. (B)Find a new job down the street. (C)Make inquires elsewhere. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man suggest the woman do? Choices: (A)Look for a place near her office. (B)Find a new job down the street. (C)Make inquires elsewhere. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: You look fit. You msut be a sorpts fan.\nM: Wlel, I oeftn snped smoe tmie jgonigg wtih my son in the mnornig, and I oocsnlcalaiy paly balatsbkel wtih my frnides, but my ftorivae is sitll smmnwiig toguhh.\nQuestion: What sport does the man like most?\nChoices: (A)Jogging. (B)Playing basketball. (C)Swimming.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "swimming. The man said that he spent some time jogging with his son in the morning, and he occasionally play basketball with his friends, but his favorite sport is still swimming. The man said that he spent some time jogging with his son in the morning, and he occasionally play basketball with his friends, but his favorite sport is still swimming. The man said that he spent some time jogging with his son in the morning, and he occasionally play basketball with his friends, but his favorite sport is still swimming. The man said that he spent some time jogging with his son in the morning, and he occasionally play basketball with his friends, but his favorite sport is still swimming. The man said that he spent some time jogging with his son in the morning, and he occasionally play basketball with his friends, but his favorite sport is still swimming. The man said that he spent some time jogging with his son in the morning, and he occasionally play basketball with his friends, but his favorite sport is still swimming. The man said that he spent some time jogging with his son in the morning, and he occasionally play", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht're you dinog?\nM: Riaendg The Joy Lcuk Culb.\nW: Waht's it auobt?\nM: It's aoubt a guorp of Aeacimrn-bron Cehisne wmeon.\nQuestion: What are the speakers talking about?\nChoices: (A)A book. (B)An American. (C)A club.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The Joy Luck Club is a book. The Joy Luck Club is a book. The Joy Lcuk Culb. Question: What are the speakers talking about? Choices: (A)A book. (B)An American. (C)A club. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. Question: What are the speakers talking about? Choices: (A)A book. (B)An American. (C)A club. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. Question: What are the speakers talking about? Choices: (A)A book. (B)An American. (C)A club. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. Question: What are the speakers talking about? Choices: (A)A book. (B)An American. (C)A club. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. Question: What are the speakers talking about? Choices: (A)A book. (B)An American. (C)A club. Answer: Based", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Tihs is my new ftrovaie stroe. I got 5 sithrs, 3 prias of ptans, and 2 btels for lses tahn $100. And tehy are all dgesnier coehlts!\nW: I fnuod smoe gerat sfutf, too! I can't bevelie how low the pceirs are. Tihs psure was olny $25, and it is rael laeethr!\nQuestion: What type of clothing does the store sell?\nChoices: (A)Expensive, high-quality clothing. (B)Cheap, low-quality clothing. (C)Cheap, designer clothing.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing. The dialogue shows that the store sells designer clothing.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: I feel teird, and I don't feel lkie conokig tihs eneving.\nM: All rghit, we'd bteetr eat out.\nQuestion: What will they do?\nChoices: (A)They will go out to have their supper in a restaurant. (B)The man will cook instead. (C)They will do without supper.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. Choices: (A)They will go out to have their supper in a restaurant. (B)The man will cook instead. (C)They will do without supper. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. Choices: (A)They will go out to have their supper in a restaurant. (B)The man will cook instead. (C)They will do without supper. Question: What will they do? Choices: (A)They will go out to have their supper in a restaurant. (B)The man will cook instead. (C)They will do without supper. Question: What will they do? Choices: (A)They will go out to have their supper in a restaurant. (B)The man will cook instead. (C)They will do without supper. Question: What will they do? Choices: (A)They will go out to have their supper in a restaurant. (B)The man will cook instead. (C)They will do without supper. Question: What will they do? Choices:", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: If you had lneitesd to me, we'd be at the ptary, Mtray. Mroe oevr, I'll dvrie.\nM: I was srue I kenw the way tehre. I'll trun anorud.\nQuestion: What's the problem?\nChoices: (A)The man can't drive. (B)The party is over. (C)They are lost.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The dialogue shows that the man can't drive, the party is over, and they are lost. The man can't drive. Dialogue: W: If you had lnneitesd to me, we'd be at the ptary, Mtray. Mroe otray, I'll dvrie. M: I was srue I kenw the way tehre. I'll trun anorud. Question: What's the problem? Choices: (A)The man can't drive. (B)The party is over. (C)They are lost. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The dialogue shows that the man can't drive, the party is over, and they are lost. The man can't drive. Dialogue: W: If you had lnneitesd to me, we'd be at the ptary, Mtray. Mroe otray, I'll dvrie. M: I was srue I kenw the way t", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht do you feel lkie donig tihs wneeekd, Jhon?\nM: Tihs weenekd? Wlel, how aoubt gonig to the new Iaiatln rnersaautt in Cuanhecy?\nW: Yes, good ieda. I lkie Iilatan food vrey mcuh.\nM: Me, too.\nQuestion: What are the speakers talking about?\nChoices: (A)How to cook Italian food for the weekend (B)How to manage their Italian restaurant (C)How to spend the coming weekend\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Choices: (A)How to cook Italian food for the weekend (B)How to manage their Italian restaurant (C)How to spend the coming weekend Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)How to cook Italian food for the weekend (B)How to manage their Italian restaurant (C)How to spend the coming weekend Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)How to cook Italian food for the weekend (B)How to manage their Italian restaurant (C)How to spend the coming weekend Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)How to cook Italian food for the weekend (B)How to manage their Italian restaurant (C)How to spend the coming weekend Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)How to cook Italian food for the weekend (B)How to manage their Italian restaurant (C)How to spend the coming weekend Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)How to", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Deos Mr. Whtie sitll lvie in yuor vgillae?\nM: No, he deid terhe yares ago.\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)Mr. White is still living in the village. (B)Mr. White has moved to a big city. (C)Mr. White no longer lives in this world.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is still living in the village. Mr. White is", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi, Mggiae. Ncie to see you agian. I wnat all tshee bokos hree.\nW: Oh, my God, taht mhgit be a lot for yuor dad to buy at one tmie.\nM: But you see my dad aawyls gtes me all the bokos I wnat.\nW: Wlel, taht's relaly vrey ncie of him. You've got a good ftaehr.\nQuestion: Where are the speakers?\nChoices: (A)In a bookstore. (B)On a bus. (C)At home.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers are in a bookstore. The dialogue shows that the speakers", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi, Magige. Ncie to see you aigan. I wnat all tshee bkoos hree.\nW: Oh, my God, taht mhigt be a lot for yuor dad to buy at one tmie.\nM: But you see my dad ayawls gtes me all the bkoos I wnat.\nW: Wlel, taht's rlealy vrey ncie of him. You've got a good ftehar.\nQuestion: Will the man's father get him all the books?\nChoices: (A)Yes. (B)No. (C)Unclear.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man's father always gets him all the books he wants. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's father might not get him all the books. The man's", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Wcihh is yuor fotiarve TV cnnehal?\nM: I lkie to wcath the strops cnheanl, EPSN.\nW: Don't you wtcah any ohter chaennls?\nM: Smmieetos I aslo wctah Dircseovy, Htrsoiy and smoe nwes chlneans.\nQuestion: Which program does the man like most?\nChoices: (A)Sports. (B)History. (C)News.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man likes to watch the sports channel, EPSN. He also watches History and News channels. Among A through C, the answer is B. The man likes to watch the sports channel, EPSN. He also watches History and News channels. Among A through C, the answer is B. The man likes to watch the sports channel, EPSN. He also watches History and News channels. Among A through C, the answer is B. The man likes to watch the sports channel, EPSN. He also watches History and News channels. Among A through C, the answer is B. The man likes to watch the sports channel, EPSN. He also watches History and News channels. Among A through C, the answer is B. The man likes to watch the sports channel, EPSN. He also watches History and News channels. Among A through C, the answer is B. The man likes to watch the sports channel, EPSN. He also watches History and News channels. Among A through C, the answer is B. The man likes to watch the sports channel, EPSN. He also watches History and News channels. Among A through C, the answer", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: It's a fnie day tdaoy, isn't it?\nM: Yes, but yartdesey was vrey clod.\nQuestion: What was the weather like yesterday?\nChoices: (A)Fine. (B)Cold. (C)Cook\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The weather was very cold yesterday. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Now taht you are on the bsiuesns, waht's yuor avcdie for smnoeoe to bmeoce a fhiaosn dseiegnr?\nM: Go to socohl. I maen it. Fnid a good sohocl and laren as mcuh as you can.\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)Fashion designing is a booming business. (B)School learning is a must for fashion designers. (C)He hopes to attend a good fashion school.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)Fashion designing is a booming business. (B)School learning is a must for fashion designers. (C)He hopes to attend a good fashion school. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)Fashion designing is a booming business. (B)School learning is a must for fashion designers. (C)He hopes to attend a good fashion school. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)Fashion designing is a booming business. (B)School learning is a must for fashion designers. (C)He hopes to attend a good fashion school. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)Fashion designing is a booming business. (B)School learning is a must for fashion designers. (C)He hopes to attend a good fashion", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Do you konw werhe I can fnid Slltea? I hvae been lknioog for her in the lrirbay and in her offcie.\nW: Gesnoods! She tghohut she had to meet you in the ccnronefee room.\nQuestion: Where could the man find Stella?\nChoices: (A)In her office. (B)In the library. (C)In the conference room.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Stella said she had to meet the man in the conference room. Stella is Stella\u2019s office. Stella is the library. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stella is the conference room. Stell", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Do you konw Pofosresr Jnsoohn's bhtreor?\nW: I've nveer met him, but I've hread taht he is as wlel-knwon as Jnhsoon heeslrf.\nQuestion: What do we learn from the woman's reply?\nChoices: (A)She does not know Prof. Johnson's brother. (B)She has not heard of Prof. Johnson's brother. (C)She is a good friend of Prof. Johnson's brother.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The woman replies that she has never met Prof. Johnson's brother, but she has heard that he is as well-known as Prof. Johnson himself. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The woman replies that she has never met Prof. Johnson's brother, but she has heard that he is as well-known as Prof. Johnson himself. Question: What do we learn from the woman's reply? Choices: (A)She does not know Prof. Johnson's brother. (B)She has not heard of Prof. Johnson's brother. (C)She is a good friend of Prof. Johnson's brother. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The woman replies that she has never met Prof. Johnson's brother, but she has heard that he is as well-known as Prof. Johnson himself. Question: What do we learn from the woman's reply? Choices: (A)She does not know Prof. Johnson's brother.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hreny, why wree you ltae tihs morning?\nM: My nghuboeir had a sdduen herat atactk and I had to tkae him to the haotipsl.\nQuestion: What's wrong with Henry?\nChoices: (A)He was in hospital. (B)He had a heart attack. (C)He was late for work.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Henry's grandfather had a heart attack and Henry had to take him to the hospital. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work. Henry was late for work.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: My God! Werhe is my sitscuae?\nW: Oh! I tinhk taht tehy've uedoanld all the lgaguge. Wlel, it's not hree.\nM: I spsoupe taht satcusie is lsot, dseon't it?\nW: Wihch ssuatice was it?\nM: The one wtih all the serinvous, the one taht you tlod me not to pcak.\nW: Are you srue you cceehkd it?\nM: Srue.\nW: It mihgt be, ldoaed on aoetnhr figlht.\nM: Do you thnik taht it culod be lfet beinhd?\nW: Taht's aaywls a psiistiolby. Seoonr or ltear, it'll be tecard and ruetored.\nM: I hpoe you are rgiht.\nW: Wlel... Waht do we do now?\nM: I shulod ropert it to the aiirnle, look, why don't you wiat for me in the cfofee sohp? I'll meet you trehe as soon as I'm tguorhh.\nW: Ok! Good lcuk!\nQuestion: Where does the conversation most likely take place?\nChoices: (A)At the railway station. (B)At the bus station. (C)At the airport.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What is the most likely reason for the conversation? Choices: (A)The man is a liar. (B)The woman is a liar. (C)The man is a liar. (D)The woman is a liar. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the most likely reason for the conversation? Choices: (A)The man is a liar. (B)The woman is a liar. (C)The man is a liar. (D)The woman is a liar. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the most likely reason for the conversation? Choices: (A)The man is a liar. (B)The woman is a liar. (C)The man is a liar. (D)The woman is a liar. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: My God! Wrhee is my sstuiace?\nW: Oh! I tnihk taht tehy've udaleond all the lguagge. Wlel, it's not hree.\nM: I ssouppe taht satsiuce is lsot, dsoen't it?\nW: Wichh stciause was it?\nM: The one wtih all the sovnreuis, the one taht you tlod me not to pcak.\nW: Are you srue you cehkecd it?\nM: Srue.\nW: It mhigt be, ledaod on aethonr fhligt.\nM: Do you thnik taht it culod be lfet bnehid?\nW: Taht's alawys a piossblitiy. Soneor or ltear, it'll be tacred and rtreeuod.\nM: I hpoe you are rhgit.\nW: Wlel... Waht do we do now?\nM: I sluhod reropt it to the ainrlie, look, why don't you wiat for me in the cffeoe sohp? I'll meet you terhe as soon as I'm truoghh.\nW: Ok! Good lcuk!\nQuestion: What did the man do with his lost suitcase?\nChoices: (A)He found his lost suitcase. (B)He put all his clothes in his lost suitcase. (C)He checked his lost suitcase.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man found his lost suitcase. He put all his clothes in his lost suitcase. He checked his lost suitcase. Question: What did the man do with his lost suitcase? Choices: (A)He found his lost suitcase. (B)He put all his clothes in his lost suitcase. (C)He checked his lost suitcase. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man put all his clothes in his lost suitcase. Question: What did the man do with his lost suitcase? Choices: (A)He found his lost suitcase. (B)He put all his clothes in his lost suitcase. (C)He checked his lost suitcase. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The man checked his lost suitcase. Question: What did the man do with his lost suitcase? Choices: (A)He found his lost suitcase. (B)He put all his clothes in his lost suitcase. (C)He checked his lost suitcase. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The man checked his lost suitcase. Question: What did the man do with his lost suitcase? Choices: (A", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: My God! Werhe is my stuaicse?\nW: Oh! I thnik taht tehy've uldaneod all the lgaugge. Wlel, it's not hree.\nM: I sppuose taht ssatucie is lsot, dsoen't it?\nW: Wihch sascutie was it?\nM: The one wtih all the survnieos, the one taht you tlod me not to pcak.\nW: Are you srue you cecehkd it?\nM: Srue.\nW: It mghit be, laoedd on aotehnr filhgt.\nM: Do you tnhik taht it colud be lfet bneihd?\nW: Taht's alywas a pibiostsily. Seoonr or letar, it'll be tercad and rueroetd.\nM: I hpoe you are rghit.\nW: Wlel... Waht do we do now?\nM: I slhuod rroept it to the alinire, look, why don't you wiat for me in the cfoefe sohp? I'll meet you trhee as soon as I'm thgrouh.\nW: Ok! Good lcuk!\nQuestion: Where does the man let the woman wait?\nChoices: (A)At the book shop. (B)The place where the suitcase is lost. (C)At the coffee shop.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What does the woman say about the suitcase? Choices: (A)It's a piece of luggage. (B)It's a piece of luggage that is lost. (C)It's a piece of luggage that is found. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman say about the suitcase? Choices: (A)It's a piece of luggage. (B)It's a piece of luggage that is lost. (C)It's a piece of luggage that is found. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman say about the suitcase? Choices: (A)It's a piece of luggage. (B)It's a piece of luggage that is lost. (C)It's a piece of luggage that is found. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman say about the suitcase? Choices: (A)It's a piece of", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: My God! Werhe is my siatcuse?\nW: Oh! I tinhk taht tehy've uaneoldd all the lggauge. Wlel, it's not hree.\nM: I spsoupe taht ssaitcue is lsot, dsoen't it?\nW: Wichh siauscte was it?\nM: The one wtih all the servuinos, the one taht you tlod me not to pcak.\nW: Are you srue you ccekehd it?\nM: Srue.\nW: It mhigt be, laedod on aetnhor fghlit.\nM: Do you thnik taht it cloud be lfet bienhd?\nW: Taht's awlyas a ptlbioiissy. Seoonr or laetr, it'll be trcaed and rreueotd.\nM: I hpoe you are rhigt.\nW: Wlel... Waht do we do now?\nM: I slouhd rorept it to the ailnrie, look, why don't you wiat for me in the cfofee sohp? I'll meet you trehe as soon as I'm tgurohh.\nW: Ok! Good lcuk!\nQuestion: What will the man do about his lost suitcase?\nChoices: (A)Wait until it reported. (B)Report to the staff. (C)Forget it.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What will the man do about his lost suitcase? Choices: (A)Wait until it reported. (B)Report to the staff. (C)Forget it. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the man do about his lost suitcase? Choices: (A)Wait until it reported. (B)Report to the staff. (C)Forget it. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the man do about his lost suitcase? Choices: (A)Wait until it reported. (B)Report to the staff. (C)Forget it. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the man do about his lost suitcase? Choices: (A)Wait until it reported. (B)Report to the staff. (C)Forget it. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the man do about his lost suitcase? Choices: (A)Wait", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Htilon Heotl. May I hlep you?\nM: Yes. I lkie to revrese two romos, palsee.\nW: Ciralteny, sir. Wehn wulod you lkie to cmoe?\nM: Nxet week. Form the fsirt to the tirhd of May. Two ngtihs.\nW: Ctainelry. Waht knid of rmoos wolud you lkie?\nM: A siglne wtih a sewhor and a dlboue wtih two bdes.\nW: Fnie. Waht is yuor nmae, pelsae?\nM: Tmoe Jneos.\nW: Tanhk you. Mr. Jenos, yuor rmoos are reeevsrd.\nM: Tanhk you vrey mcuh.\nW: You are wmecloe.\nQuestion: What kind of rooms does the man want to reserve?\nChoices: (A)A single room. (B)A double room. (C)A single room and a double room.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What kind of rooms does the man want to reserve? Choices: (A)A single room. (B)A double room. (C)A single room and a double room. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What kind of rooms does the man want to reserve? Choices: (A)A single room. (B)A double room. (C)A single room and a double room. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What kind of rooms does the man want to reserve? Choices: (A)A single room. (B)A double room. (C)A single room and a double room. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What kind of rooms does the man want to reserve? Choices: (A)A single room. (B)A double room. (C)A single room and a double room. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What kind of rooms does the man want to reserve? Choices: (", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hoiltn Htoel. May I hlep you?\nM: Yes. I lkie to revsree two rmoos, pselae.\nW: Crltnieay, sir. Wehn wulod you lkie to cmoe?\nM: Nxet week. Form the frsit to the trihd of May. Two nghtis.\nW: Catlneriy. Waht knid of rooms wluod you lkie?\nM: A signle wtih a sheowr and a dboule wtih two bdes.\nW: Fnie. Waht is yuor nmae, psalee?\nM: Tmoe Jeons.\nW: Tahnk you. Mr. Joens, yuor rmoos are reveserd.\nM: Thnak you vrey mcuh.\nW: You are womelce.\nQuestion: When will the man come to the hotel?\nChoices: (A)On May 1st. (B)On May 2nd. (C)On May 3rd.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man said he would come next week. From the first to the third of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. From the first to the third of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. From the first to the third of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. Form the first to the trihd of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. Form the first to the trihd of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. Form the first to the trihd of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. Form the first to the trihd of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. Form the first to the trihd of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. Form the first to the trihd of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. Form the first to the trihd of May. Two nights. The man said he would come next week. Form the first to the trihd of", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Let me get the cchek.\nM: No. You pkecid it up lsat tmie. It's my trun tdaoy.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation probably take place?\nChoices: (A)At home. (B)At a bank. (C)At a restaurant.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Dialogue: W: Let me get the cchek. M: No. You pkecid it up lsat tmie. It's my trun tdaoy. Question: Where does the conversation probably take place? Choices: (A)At home. (B)At a bank. (C)At a restaurant. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue: W: Let me get the cchek. M: No. You pkecid it up lsat tmie. It's my trun tdaoy. Question: Where does the conversation probably take place? Choices: (A)At home. (B)At a bank. (C)At a restaurant. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue:", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hello, Jnae.\nW: Hi, Hrary. Did you hvae a good smemur hadiloy?\nM: Srue. I wnet for my hidaloy on my unlce's fram.\nW: Rlaely? Waht iteennisrtg tnhigs did you do trhee?\nM: I hpeeld get in smoe rcie, tkae crae of the friut gdrean and dirve the tcaortr.\nW: Divre a toctrar?\nM: Yes. It was esay to lrean. Did you go aawy for yuor hladioy, Jnae?\nW: Oh, no. I jsut setayd at hmoe. My mteohr has been in htsaipol. I had to look atfer her and hlep do smoe ckoonig and whaisng at hmoe.\nM: I'm srroy. Oh, it's ltae. I msut be off now. Bye bye.\nQuestion: What are they talking about?\nChoices: (A)Where to spend their holiday. (B)How to drive a tractor. (C)Their summer vacation.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The dialogue is about their holiday. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hlleo, Jnae.\nW: Hi, Hrray. Did you hvae a good sumemr hadoily?\nM: Srue. I wnet for my haoildy on my uclne's fram.\nW: Rllaey? Waht isrnetniteg tighns did you do three?\nM: I hpeeld get in smoe rcie, tkae crae of the fuirt gderan and dvrie the trtocar.\nW: Dvrie a ttoracr?\nM: Yes. It was esay to laren. Did you go aawy for yuor hodlaiy, Jnae?\nW: Oh, no. I jsut syeatd at hmoe. My mtoehr has been in hopstail. I had to look atefr her and hlep do smoe coinkog and wsahnig at hmoe.\nM: I'm srory. Oh, it's ltae. I msut be off now. Bye bye.\nQuestion: Where did Jane spend her summer holiday?\nChoices: (A)On a farm. (B)At home. (C)In a fruit garden.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What did Jane do for her holiday? Choices: (A)Get in some exercise. (B)Take care of the fruit garden. (C)Drive a toy car. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Did Jane go away for her holiday? Choices: (A)On a farm. (B)At home. (C)In a fruit garden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where did Jane spend her summer holiday? Choices: (A)On a farm. (B)At home. (C)In a fruit garden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did Jane do for her holiday? Choices: (A)Get in some exercise. (B)Take care of the fruit garden. (C)Drive a toy car. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Did Jane go away for her holiday? Choices: (A)On a farm. (B)At home. (C", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hlelo, Jnae.\nW: Hi, Hrray. Did you hvae a good sumemr hldioay?\nM: Srue. I wnet for my holaidy on my uclne's fram.\nW: Raelly? Waht insetreitng tnghis did you do trhee?\nM: I hleepd get in smoe rcie, tkae crae of the furit geadrn and dirve the ttorcar.\nW: Dvire a tcrtaor?\nM: Yes. It was esay to laern. Did you go aawy for yuor hlaidoy, Jnae?\nW: Oh, no. I jsut steayd at hmoe. My meohtr has been in hiasotpl. I had to look aeftr her and hlep do smoe cioknog and whanisg at hmoe.\nM: I'm srroy. Oh, it's ltae. I msut be off now. Bye bye.\nQuestion: Which is right according to the dialogue?\nChoices: (A)Harry had a holiday on a farm. (B)Harry's mother was ill. (C)Harry's uncle is a doctor.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry's uncle is a doctor. Harry", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Tihs hteol in Iidna jsut got reaknd the nbmeur one hteol in the wrlod!\nW: Waht, by smoe slily wtibsee taht sieelipazcs in top ten lstis jsut to slel mroe ads?\nM: No, by Tevral + Liresue mgizaane.\nW: Oh, rellay? Tehy rlaley konw thier sfutf. Hey, taht lkoos mroe lkie a paalce!\nM: It's dengesid atefr the annciet peaacls of nheortrn Idnia.\nW: It lkoos lkie a lot of the rmoos hvae belaoncis.\nM: Yaeh, toshe are the suties taht hvae dceirt aesccs to pvartie polos. But all the romos hvae Wi-Fi, falt sercen TVs, knig-szie bdes, daliy nperpasews, and...\nW: OK, sotp tikanlg! We've got to mkae our rvotenresias!\nM: Wlel, hnag on a sconed. You don't rlaely lkie Inadin food.\nW: But I tghuhot tehy oeffr ohetr ccioehs bisedes Ianidn food...\nM: Mbaye. Aslo, tihs prat of Idina is pettry qieut. Terhe's no sppoihng or cibnublg. Poplee go three to rleax.\nW: Taht's OK. I can go shponipg ahnywree.\nM: The romos strat at $350 per ngiht, and toshe suteis are $750 per nghit.\nW: Woha! I tohghut Inida was sppuseod to be invnxeiepse!\nQuestion: Who ranked the number one hotel in the world?\nChoices: (A)A popular website. (B)A famous newspaper. (C)A high-quality magazine.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The number one hotel in the world. (B)The number two hotel in the world. (C)The number three hotel in the world. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The number one hotel in the world. (B)The number two hotel in the world. (C)The number three hotel in the world. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The number one hotel in the world. (B)The number two hotel in the world. (C)The number three hotel in the world. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The number one hotel in the world. (B)The number two hotel in the world. (C)The number three hotel in the world. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question:", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Tihs htoel in Iinda jsut got rkaned the nbmeur one hetol in the wrold!\nW: Waht, by smoe silly wstbeie taht seeailipczs in top ten ltsis jsut to slel mroe ads?\nM: No, by Trveal + Lsuiree magazine.\nW: Oh, rlelay? Tehy relaly konw tiehr sfutf. Hey, taht lkoos mroe lkie a paacle!\nM: It's dgsneeid aeftr the acinnet placaes of nethorrn Idina.\nW: It lkoos lkie a lot of the romos hvae benaiocls.\nM: Yaeh, tshoe are the stuies taht hvae dcreit aseccs to pvtirae ploos. But all the romos hvae Wi-Fi, falt secren TVs, knig-szie bdes, daliy npwpeerass, and...\nW: OK, sotp tklniag! We've got to mkae our rsorevineats!\nM: Wlel, hnag on a secnod. You don't rlleay lkie Ianidn food.\nW: But I thuhgot tehy oeffr ohetr chceois bideses Ianidn food...\nM: Mbaye. Aslo, tihs prat of Idnia is prttey queit. Trhee's no sophnipg or cubbnlig. Poplee go tehre to rlaex.\nW: Taht's OK. I can go siophpng arynhwee.\nM: The rmoos srtat at $350 per nghit, and tohse sietus are $750 per ngiht.\nW: Woha! I tughhot Inida was suseppod to be ineesxvpine!\nQuestion: What do all the rooms in the hotel have?\nChoices: (A)Balconies. (B)King-size beds. (C)Direct access to private pools.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What do all the rooms in the hotel have? Choices: (A)Balconies. (B)King-size beds. (C)Direct access to private pools. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What do all the rooms in the hotel have? Choices: (A)Balconies. (B)King-size beds. (C)Direct access to private pools. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What do all the rooms in the hotel have? Choices: (A)Balconies. (B)King-size beds. (C)Direct access to private pools. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What do all the rooms in the hotel have? Choices: (A)Balconies. (B)King-size beds. (C)Direct access to private pools. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What do all the rooms in the hotel have? Choices: (A)Balcon", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Tihs hteol in Inida jsut got rnkead the neumbr one hetol in the wlrod!\nW: Waht, by smoe slliy wbeiste taht seaizleipcs in top ten ltiss jsut to slel mroe ads?\nM: No, by Tveral + Lisuere mignzaae.\nW: Oh, rlleay? Tehy rlaley konw tiher sfutf. Hey, taht lokos mroe lkie a pcaale!\nM: It's dnigeesd aeftr the acinnet pecaals of nteorrhn Idnia.\nW: It lokos lkie a lot of the romos hvae bcoenlais.\nM: Yaeh, thsoe are the stieus taht hvae dicret acecss to ptaivre polos. But all the romos hvae Wi-Fi, falt srecen TVs, knig-szie bdes, dlaiy nraeepwsps, and...\nW: OK, sotp tkanlig! We've got to mkae our retevriansos!\nM: Wlel, hnag on a scneod. You don't rllaey lkie Idnain food.\nW: But I thgouht tehy ofefr ohetr cohecis bdeises Iiadnn food...\nM: Mabye. Aslo, tihs prat of Iinda is ptrtey qieut. Trehe's no spphoing or cibunblg. Pploee go trehe to rlaex.\nW: Taht's OK. I can go spniohpg ahrnywee.\nM: The romos srtat at $350 per nghit, and thsoe steius are $750 per nghit.\nW: Woha! I thuoght Idnia was spsuoped to be ivpnnxiseee!\nQuestion: What do people mainly go to the hotel for?\nChoices: (A)Shopping. (B)Relaxing. (C)Enjoying the club.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What do people mainly go to the hotel for? Choices: (A)Shopping. (B)Relaxing. (C)Enjoying the club. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do people mainly go to the hotel for? Choices: (A)Shopping. (B)Relaxing. (C)Enjoying the club. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do people mainly go to the hotel for? Choices: (A)Shopping. (B)Relaxing. (C)Enjoying the club. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do people mainly go to the hotel for? Choices: (A)Shopping. (B)Relaxing. (C)Enjoying the club. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do people mainly go to the hotel for? Choices: (A)Shopping. (B)Relaxing.", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Tihs heotl in Idina jsut got rknead the nmbuer one heotl in the wlrod!\nW: Waht, by smoe slliy wsiebte taht scilapezeis in top ten lsits jsut to slel mroe ads?\nM: No, by Tvearl + Leurise mnzgaiae.\nW: Oh, ralely? Tehy rlaely konw tehir suftf. Hey, taht lokos mroe lkie a plcaae!\nM: It's dengeisd afetr the aennict peaclas of nhertorn Idnia.\nW: It looks lkie a lot of the romos hvae bocelains.\nM: Yaeh, tsohe are the stieus taht hvae drciet acecss to patvire polos. But all the rooms hvae Wi-Fi, falt srecen TVs, knig-szie bdes, dlaiy neweraspps, and...\nW: OK, sotp tnlaikg! We've got to mkae our rnstaoeivers!\nM: Wlel, hnag on a scoend. You don't relaly lkie Inadin food.\nW: But I tuhghot tehy ofefr ohetr cihoecs bseieds Ianidn food...\nM: Mbaye. Aslo, tihs prat of Iinda is pttery qieut. Three's no sppnoihg or clnbiubg. Ppoele go trhee to rlaex.\nW: Taht's OK. I can go spoipnhg anyrhwee.\nM: The rmoos sartt at $350 per nhigt, and thsoe stieus are $750 per nghit.\nW: Woha! I touhhgt Iidna was suoppesd to be iinenvspxee!\nQuestion: What may have changed the woman's mind about the hotel?\nChoices: (A)The area around the hotel. (B)The price of the rooms. (C)The food that is available.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman's mind was changed by the area around the hotel. The woman's mind was changed by the price of the rooms. The woman's mind was changed by the food that is available. The woman's mind was changed by the cleanliness of the hotel. The woman's mind was changed by the food that is available. The woman's mind was changed by the cleanliness of the hotel. The woman's mind was changed by the price of the rooms. The woman's mind was changed by the food that is available. The woman's mind was changed by the cleanliness of the hotel. The woman's mind was changed by the price of the rooms. The woman's mind was changed by the food that is available. The woman's mind was changed by the cleanliness of the hotel. The woman's mind was changed by the food that is available. The woman's mind was changed by the cleanliness of the hotel. The woman's mind was changed by the price of the rooms. The woman's mind was changed by the food that is available. The woman's mind was changed by the cleanliness of the hotel. The woman's mind was changed by the price of the rooms. The woman", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The car was blady daagemd. Did you see it?\nW: Yes. And to tnhik taht trehe weomn and a bbay wree in taht hirolbre adicecnt wihtout bineg hrut.\nQuestion: Who were injured in the accident?\nChoices: (A)A baby. (B)Three women. (C)No one.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that three women and a baby were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a baby and three women were in the accident without a driver. The dialogue shows that a", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Do you bveeile in lfie aetfr dateh, Mray?\nW: Yes, sir.\nM: Wlel, tehn, taht meaks eyvrihteng jsut fnie. Aoubt an huor aeftr you lfet ysaerdety to go to yuor gaahertfdnr's fraenul, he depoprd in to see you.\nQuestion: What do you suppose Mary did the day before?\nChoices: (A)She attended her grandfather's funeral. (B)She told a lie to get the day off. (C)She meant to attend a funeral but she didn't.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question. The grandfather's funeral is mentioned in the dialogue, but not in the question", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Do you bleviee in lfie afetr daeth, Mray?\nW: Yes, sir.\nM: Wlel, tehn, taht maeks eryetvhing jsut fnie. Aoubt an huor afetr you lfet ysdertaey to go to yuor grfnahedtar's feraunl, he drpoped in to see you.\nQuestion: What did you suppose Mary's grandfather did the day before?\nChoices: (A)He knew Mary had cheated her boss and came to expose her. (B)He was dying but was saved by the doctors. (C)He was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive. The grandfather was thought to be dead but in fact was well and alive", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Ssaun has been ill for a few dyas. Shlal we go and see her in hiptasol?\nM: Yes, but she is now bcak hmoe. She jsut got out tihs minnrog.\nQuestion: What do we learn about Susan?\nChoices: (A)She is still in hospital. (B)She left hospital this morning. (C)She is in very good health.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Susan is in very good health. Susan is in very good health. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital. Susan is still in hospital", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Salhl we go fhiinsg tihs Sdaaurty atfoeronn?\nF: Taht sdunos garet, but olny if it dsoen't rian.\nQuestion: Will they go fishing this Saturday afternoon?\nChoices: (A)Yes. (B)No. (C)It depends on the weather.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The dialogue is a good example of a conditional sentence. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Can you tpye?\nW: Yes, aoubt etgihy wdros a mitnue. I hvae been winrokg as a tpiyst for ftfeein yeras.\nM: Taht's geart. I can't tpye mroe tahn froty-fvie.\nQuestion: How fast can the woman type?\nChoices: (A)15 words a minute. (B)45 words a minute. (C)80 words a minute.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute. The woman can type about 15 words a minute.", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I uesd to go to the ciemna a lot. It did mkae a ncie ngiht out, but not now.\nW: No, I don't eehtir. Tehre aern't any good avdonutuers seoitrs lkie the mieovs tehy mdae wehn I was yunog.\nQuestion: What can be concluded from this conversation?\nChoices: (A)They think cinemas are too far away from their homes. (B)They are disappointed with the films produced these days. (C)They both dislike films about adventure stories.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are too far away from their homes. Cinemas are", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Sam, hvae you seen the pctirues I took in Prais?\nM: No, I hvean't. Wrhee are tehy?\nW: Hree are smoe. I took tehm at the Effiel Teowr lsat week.\nM: How batuifeul the Efefil Teowr is!\nW: Yes, it is rllaey bufeatiul.\nM: And yuor pruietcs are wednruofl,too. Did you hvae a good tmie in Facrne?\nW: Yes, I had a wnerfoudl tmie trhee. Hvae you eevr been to Frncae?\nM: No, I hvaen't. How do you lkie Fcrane, Ktae?\nW: It's gerat! I lkie the Fncerh pelope and food. I've mdae mnay Fnrech fednirs terhe.\nQuestion: What do you know about the pictures?\nChoices: (A)They were taken in France. (B)Kate is good at taking pictures. (C)They were taken by Sam.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)They were taken in France. (B)Kate is good at taking pictures. (C)They were taken by Sam. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They were taken in France. (B)Kate is good at taking pictures. (C)They were taken by Sam. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They were taken in France. (B)Kate is good at taking pictures. (C)They were taken by Sam. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They were taken in France. (B)Kate is good at taking pictures. (C)They were taken by Sam. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They were taken in France. (B)Kate is good at taking pictures. (C)They were taken by Sam. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They were taken", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Sam, hvae you seen the pciurets I took in Piras?\nM: No, I haevn't. Wehre are tehy?\nW: Hree are smoe. I took tehm at the Eieffl Tewor lsat week.\nM: How biatueufl the Efeifl Twoer is!\nW: Yes, it is rellay buiteaufl.\nM: And yuor pteruics are wudnofrel,too. Did you hvae a good tmie in Fncare?\nW: Yes, I had a werfudonl tmie trhee. Hvae you eevr been to Fncare?\nM: No, I haevn't. How do you lkie Facrne, Ktae?\nW: It's gerat! I lkie the Fncerh ppoele and food. I've mdae mnay Fenrch frdines trhee.\nQuestion: What does Kate think of France?\nChoices: (A)She thinks France is not so beautiful. (B)She likes the French food a little. (C)She likes its people and food.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Kate thinks France is great! She likes its people and food. She has made many French friends there. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate likes the French food a little. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate likes its people and food. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate likes its people and food. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate likes its people and food. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate likes its people and food. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate likes its people and food. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate likes its people and food. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate likes its people and food. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate likes its people and food. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate thinks France is not so beautiful. Kate thinks France", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mrs. Wthie lkoos weriord tehse dyas.\nW: So she deos. Seevtn hrut hseilmf a week ago.\nM: Oh, I'm srroy to haer taht. Waht haepnped to him?\nW: He frgoot to cut off the etrlitceciy borfee he mdneed the lgiht. She was srory taht her hnubasd wsan't at hmoe tehn.\nM: The clhid is too ynuog to do taht, I tnhik.\nW: So do I. He almsot cut his fgienr off. It nalery borke Moethr's hreat.\nQuestion: Who is Steven?\nChoices: (A)The woman's husband. (B)Mrs. White's son. (C)The women's uncle.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's husband. Steven is the woman's", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mrs. Wthie lokos wiroerd teshe dyas.\nW: So she deos. Seevtn hrut hsmelif a week ago.\nM: Oh, I'm srroy to haer taht. Waht haenpepd to him?\nW: He fogrot to cut off the eeirticctly borfee he mdened the lhigt. She was srory taht her hbsaund wsan't at hmoe tehn.\nM: The cilhd is too yuong to do taht, I tnihk.\nW: So do I. He aolsmt cut his fenigr off. It nelary bkroe Mtehor's hreat.\nQuestion: When did Steven hurt himself?\nChoices: (A)Last week. (B)This week. (C)A month ago.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Steven hurt himself a week ago. Question: What did Steven do to himself? Choices: (A)Cut his finger off. (B)Cut his fingernail off. (C)Cut his fingernail. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Steven cut his finger off. Question: What did Steven do to himself? Choices: (A)Cut his finger off. (B)Cut his fingernail off. (C)Cut his finger. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Steven cut his finger off. Question: What did Steven do to himself? Choices: (A)Cut his finger off. (B)Cut his fingernail off. (C)Cut his finger. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Steven cut his finger off. Question: What did Steven do to himself? Choices: (A)Cut his finger off. (B)Cut his fingernail off. (C)Cut his finger. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mrs. Whtie lkoos weorrid teshe dyas.\nW: So she deos. Sveetn hrut hiemlsf a week ago.\nM: Oh, I'm srory to haer taht. Waht henppaed to him?\nW: He fogrot to cut off the eeitctlcriy broefe he medend the lgiht. She was srory taht her hsaubnd wsan't at hmoe tehn.\nM: The clihd is too ynoug to do taht, I tinhk.\nW: So do I. He alsmot cut his fniegr off. It nalery bokre Mtheor's herat.\nQuestion: What part of the body did Steven hurt?\nChoices: (A)His leg. (B)His heart. (C)His hand.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart. Steven hurt his heart", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: The skrtie of the prreots has hlod up exrpot orders for two wkees. Do you thnik it wlil end soon?\nM: So far as I konw, the mngnemeaat sdie has mdae an irevompd pay oeffr but the unnios are jsut hdnliog out for the oiiagnrl deadnms.\nQuestion: What does the man think of the strike?\nChoices: (A)It will last for two weeks. (B)It has come to a halt. (C)It will probably continue.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The man thinks that the strike will probably continue. The", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mnnorig, Lliy. Waht kpet you?\nW: Minrong, Satn. Srroy I'm so ltae, but you konw, it's iislopsbme to fnid a pnikarg pacle rnoud hree.\nQuestion: Why was the woman late?\nChoices: (A)There was something wrong with her car. (B)She got up too late. (C)There was no parking place nearby.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The woman said she was so late, but it's impossible to find a parking place nearby. The", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I hpoe you don't mnid but I wnat vrey mcuh to wtach the gmae tihs coimng Snaudy.\nW: I clernitay do mnid, but tehre's not vrey mcuh I can do aubot it, is terhe?\nQuestion: What was the woman objecting to?\nChoices: (A)Her husband's watching a game. (B)Going to a game. (C)Missing an engagement.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman was objecting to her husband's going to a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's watching a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's missing an engagement. The woman was objecting to her husband's missing an engagement. The woman was objecting to her husband's watching a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's going to a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's missing an engagement. The woman was objecting to her husband's watching a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's going to a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's missing an engagement. The woman was objecting to her husband's watching a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's going to a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's missing an engagement. The woman was objecting to her husband's watching a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's going to a game. The woman was objecting to her husband's missing an engagement. The woman was objecting to her husband's watching a game", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Ecuxse me, Sir. Viitsing huros are oevr now. You msut laeve, so yuor wfie can get smoe selep.\nM: Poardn me, nusre. I ddin't haer the blel, or I wloud hvae lfet ereailr.\nQuestion: Where does this conversation take place?\nChoices: (A)In a hospital. (B)In a church. (C)In a museum.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choice A: In a hospital. Choice B: In a church. Choice C: In a museum. Question: Where does this conversation take place? Choices: (A)In a hospital. (B)In a church. (C)In a museum. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choice A: In a hospital. Choice B: In a church. Choice C: In a museum. Question: Where does this conversation take place? Choices: (A)In a hospital. (B)In a church. (C)In a museum. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choice A: In a hospital. Choice B: In a church. Choice C: In a museum. Question: Where does this conversation take place? Choices: (A)In a hospital. (B)In a church. (C)In a museum. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choice A: In a hospital. Choice B: In a church. Choice C: In a museum", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Look at tihs pcuirte! Is it the Geart Paiyrmd?\nM: You've got it. I took mnay ptreiucs of it.\nW: You maen you hvae been in Eygpt? Wehn did you go three?\nM: Lsat smumer. It was so itrstnnieeg.\nW: Tlel me snheotmig aobut the Garet Parmiyd.\nM: It was vrey hgih, aoubt 137 mreets. The sedis are as lnog as 230 mreets.\nW: And it's vrey old?\nM: Yes, it has a lnog hoirtsy of aubot 4500 yreas.\nW: Ralely? I can't bveleie it!\nM: Yes, sieeng is bliienevg. You msut go and see it by yulroesf.\nW: It snudos ncie. So Eypgt is the pclae werhe I'm ginog to snped my nxet hdalioy.\nM: By the way, wehre did you snped yuor viocaatn lsat semumr?\nW: I wnet to Jaapn and it's not so mcuh fun.\nM: I bet you'll hvae geart fun in Epgyt.\nQuestion: When did the man visit Egypt?\nChoices: (A)This summer. (B)Last summer. (C)This winter.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said that he visited Egypt last summer. The dialogue is a dialogue about the Great Pyramid of Giza. The man said", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Look at tihs pritcue! Is it the Garet Piamyrd?\nM: You've got it. I took mnay peicturs of it.\nW: You maen you hvae been in Epgyt? Wehn did you go terhe?\nM: Lsat smeumr. It was so ietenrsitng.\nW: Tlel me sotinemhg aoubt the Garet Parimyd.\nM: It was vrey hgih, aubot 137 mretes. The sieds are as lnog as 230 mteers.\nW: And it's vrey old?\nM: Yes, it has a lnog hitorsy of aobut 4500 yeras.\nW: Relaly? I can't bveliee it!\nM: Yes, sineeg is bnviieleg. You msut go and see it by ylreosuf.\nW: It sdnuos ncie. So Epygt is the pcale wehre I'm ginog to snepd my nxet hadoily.\nM: By the way, wehre did you sepnd yuor vaiatocn lsat seummr?\nW: I wnet to Jaapn and it's not so mcuh fun.\nM: I bet you'll hvae garet fun in Eypgt.\nQuestion: How high is the Great Pyramid?\nChoices: (A)137 meters. (B)173 meters. (C)230 meters.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. Question: How long are the sides of the Great Pyramid? Choices: (A)137 meters. (B)173 meters. (C)230 meters. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: How old is the Great Pyramid? Choices: (A)4500 years. (B)4500 years. (C)4500 years. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: How high is the Great Pyramid? Choices: (A)137 meters. (B)173 meters. (C)230 meters. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: How high is the Great Pyramid? Choices: (A)137 meters. (B)173 meters. (C)230 meters. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: How high is the Great Pyramid? Choices: (A)137 meters. (B)173 meters. (C)230 meters. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: How high is the Great Pyramid", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Look at tihs ptucrie! Is it the Garet Pimyrad?\nM: You've got it. I took mnay prtecuis of it.\nW: You maen you hvae been in Epgyt? Wehn did you go terhe?\nM: Lsat smeumr. It was so irttsnenieg.\nW: Tlel me shetmnoig abuot the Graet Prymiad.\nM: It was vrey hgih, aoubt 137 mrtees. The seids are as lnog as 230 meerts.\nW: And it's vrey old?\nM: Yes, it has a lnog hrsoity of aubot 4500 yraes.\nW: Rlleay? I can't bievlee it!\nM: Yes, sneieg is blvinieeg. You msut go and see it by yresluof.\nW: It suonds ncie. So Epygt is the pacle werhe I'm gnoig to snped my nxet hldioay.\nM: By the way, wehre did you snepd yuor vtocaian lsat smmuer?\nW: I wnet to Japan and it's not so mcuh fun.\nM: I bet you'll hvae geart fun in Epgyt.\nQuestion: How old is the Pyramid?\nChoices: (A)450 years old. (B)4500 years old. (C)5000 years old.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The Pyramid is very old, and it is very high. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Do you lkie feird ceckhin?\nM: Yes, it's my ftoaivre dsih. Waht auobt you?\nW: I don't crae mcuh for chkcein. I pfreer sooeafd.\nM: But sfoaoed is eienvxpse. I shulod say.\nQuestion: What are they talking about?\nChoices: (A)The taste of food. (B)The cost of food. (C)The food they like and dislike.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of food. The taste of", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Now, you've tlod me a lot auobt yuor pranets. Are terhe any oethr mbermes in yuor flamiy?\nM: Yes. Three are aslo my gapnrrneatds and my yuoengr bthoerr.\nW: Oh. You are lkucy to hvae scuh a fmlaiy.\nQuestion: How many people are there in the man's family?\nChoices: (A)Four (B)Five (C)Six\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nA: Hi, Znahg Hnog! Waht are you dinog?\nB: I can't mvoe the box by mlyesf.\nQuestion: What's happened to Zhang Hong?\nChoices: (A)He is calling. (B)He needs help. (C)He is ill.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Zhang Hong is calling Zhang Hong. Zhang Hong needs help Zhang Hong is calling Zhang Hong needs help Zhang Hong is ill Zhang Hong is ill Zhang Hong is calling Zhang Hong needs help Zhang Hong is ill Question: What's happened to Zhang Hong? Choices: (A)He is calling. (B)He needs help. (C)He is ill. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Zhang Hong needs help Question: What's happened to Zhang Hong? Choices: (A)He is calling. (B)He needs help. (C)He is ill. (D)He is calling for help. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is B. Zhang Hong needs help Question: What's happened to Zhang Hong? Choices: (A)He is calling. (B)He needs help. (C)He is ill. (D)He is calling for help. Question: What's happened to Zhang Hong? Choices: (A)He is calling. (B)He needs help. (C)He is ill. (D)He is calling. Answer: Based on", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Can you hvae deninr wtih me tionhgt, Anna?\nW: I'm srory I can't. I hvae to wrok ltae.\nM: It's duergnoas to go hmoe anloe at ngiht.\nW: One of the garuds drievs me hmoe in the van.\nM: Taht's good. Do you hvae to wrok on Fidray?\nW: No, I don't. We can hvae dennir on Fdairy nhgit.\nM: Fnie. I'll mkae dnenir rvriteasoen for 6 and I'll pcik you up at 5.\nQuestion: What is this dialogue about?\nChoices: (A)Work. (B)Driving. (C)Dinner.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is this dialogue about? Choices: (A)Work. (B)Driving. (C)Dinner. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is this dialogue about? Choices: (A)Work. (B)Driving. (C)Dinner. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is this dialogue about? Choices: (A)Work. (B)Driving. (C)Dinner. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is this dialogue about? Choices: (A)Work. (B)Driving. (C)Dinner. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is this dialogue about? Choices: (A)Work. (B)Driving. (C)Dinner. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is this dialogue about? Choices: (A)Work. (B)", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Can you hvae dnienr wtih me thgonit, Anna?\nW: I'm srroy I can't. I hvae to wrok ltae.\nM: It's dnuargeos to go hmoe aonle at nhgit.\nW: One of the grdaus drievs me hmoe in the van.\nM: Taht's good. Do you hvae to wrok on Faidry?\nW: No, I don't. We can hvae dneinr on Fdraiy nhigt.\nM: Fnie. I'll mkae dneinr rtveiroesan for 6 and I'll pcik you up at 5.\nQuestion: How does Anna go home?\nChoices: (A)With the man speaker. (B)A lone. (C)In a van.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Choices: (A)With the man speaker. (B)A lone. (C)In a van. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does Anna go home? Choices: (A)With the man speaker. (B)A lone. (C)In a van. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does Anna go home? Choices: (A)With the man speaker. (B)A lone. (C)In a van. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does Anna go home? Choices: (A)With the man speaker. (B)A lone. (C)In a van. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does Anna go home? Choices: (A)With the man speaker. (B)A lone. (C)In a van. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I hpoe it wlil be fnie toomrrow. I'm gonig bieantg wtih Tom.\nW: Oh, I tihnk it wlil be fnie. Bsueace I haerd it on the raido.\nQuestion: What are the two speakers talking about?\nChoices: (A)A fine boat. (B)Their friend Tom. (C)The weather.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The weather is what they are talking about. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Ccehk in hree?\nM: Yes, can I see yuor fihlgt tkicet pelase?\nW: Hree it is. I'm ginog to Lzaonhu.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation probably take place?\nChoices: (A)In a hotel. (B)At a bus station. (C)At an airport.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a hotel. The dialogue is more likely to", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: It's a graet art sohw, isn't it? By the way, I'm Jim.\nW: Yes, it's scsuescufl. I'm Ncany. Ncie to meet you.\nM: Me too. Are you form Frcane?\nW: Aucltaly, I was bron in Lnoodn, and I gerw up in Piars. Waht abuot you?\nM: Oh, I'm a laocl man in New Yrok. I'm an art teecahr in New Yrok Urisnitvey. Tihs art sohw is hled by my stutneds.\nW: Relaly? Geart! I'm a sdtunet mnjaoirg in paino pncfrrmoaee in the smae colelge. I'll hlod a panio praty nxet Studraay nghit at the Seilvr Bar. Wuold you lkie to cmoe?\nM: I'd lvoe to. Culod I tkae my dathuegr wtih me? Bdesies painintg, she is fnod of panio as wlel.\nW: Srue.\nQuestion: What's the probable relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Friends. (B)Strangers. (C)Classmates.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The two speakers are strangers. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows that they are not classmates. The dialogue shows that they are not friends. The dialogue shows", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: It's a geart art sohw, isn't it? By the way, I'm Jim.\nW: Yes, it's sucsseufcl. I'm Nncay. Ncie to meet you.\nM: Me too. Are you form Frncae?\nW: Acltualy, I was bron in Loodnn, and I gerw up in Prais. Waht aoubt you?\nM: Oh, I'm a laocl man in New Yrok. I'm an art taecher in New Yrok Uvsiitnrey. Tihs art sohw is hled by my snttudes.\nW: Ralely? Gerat! I'm a stnuedt morjinag in pniao pmrnoafcree in the smae clleoge. I'll hlod a panio prtay nxet Sdaartuy nghit at the Sielvr Bar. Wulod you lkie to cmoe?\nM: I'd lvoe to. Cloud I tkae my deatughr wtih me? Bsiedes patinnig, she is fnod of panio as wlel.\nW: Srue.\nQuestion: Who will hold a piano party next Saturday night?\nChoices: (A)The woman. (B)The man. (C)The man's students.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is the woman's occupation? Choices: (A)An art teacher. (B)A piano teacher. (C)A piano student. (D)A piano party organizer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What is the man's occupation? Choices: (A)A piano teacher. (B)A piano student. (C)A piano party organizer. (D)A piano party host. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What is the woman's occupation? Choices: (A)A piano teacher. (B)A piano student. (C)A piano party organizer. (D)A piano party host. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What is the man's occupation? Choices: (A)A piano teacher. (B)A piano student. (C)A piano party organizer. (D)A piano party host. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What is the woman's occupation? Choices: (", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: It's a garet art sohw, isn't it? By the way, I'm Jim.\nW: Yes, it's sseuufccsl. I'm Ncnay. Ncie to meet you.\nM: Me too. Are you form Farcne?\nW: Atllaucy, I was bron in Lnodon, and I gerw up in Prias. Waht aubot you?\nM: Oh, I'm a laocl man in New Yrok. I'm an art theaecr in New Yrok Uienstvriy. Tihs art sohw is hled by my sednutts.\nW: Rlealy? Gaert! I'm a sdentut mjiaorng in paino preocmnrfae in the smae clgleoe. I'll hlod a paino prtay nxet Suratady nhigt at the Sleivr Bar. Wolud you lkie to cmoe?\nM: I'd lvoe to. Cloud I tkae my deghtaur wtih me? Bdieses piniantg, she is fnod of pniao as wlel.\nW: Srue.\nQuestion: What do we know about the man's daughter?\nChoices: (A)She grew up in Paris. (B)She teaches art in New York University. (C)She likes painting and playing the piano.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What do we know about the man's daughter? Choices: (A)She grew up in Paris. (B)She teaches art in New York University. (C)She likes painting and playing the piano. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What do we know about the man's daughter? Choices: (A)She grew up in Paris. (B)She teaches art in New York University. (C)She likes painting and playing the piano. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What do we know about the man's daughter? Choices: (A)She grew up in Paris. (B)She teaches art in New York University. (C)She likes painting and playing the piano. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What do we know about the man's daughter? Choices: (A)She grew up in Paris. (B)She teaches art in New York University. (C)She likes painting and playing the piano. Answer:", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: If I wree you, I'd be mroe ceaurfl aubot lcnkoig the bcak door at nghit.\nM: Don't wrroy. No one wlil beark in.\nQuestion: What does the woman worry about?\nChoices: (A)The man will not be able to sleep. (B)Someone will enter the back door while the man is sleeping. (C)The lock on the door will break.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman worries about someone entering the back door while the man is sleeping. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on the door breaking. The woman worries about the lock on", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Isn't taht a new banrd of teeyrpitwr you're wonikrg at?\nW: Oh, Blil, tihs isn't the fisrt tmie you aeksd me aubot it.\nQuestion: What does the woman imply?\nChoices: (A)The man is a forgetful person. (B)The typewriter is not new. (C)The man can have the typewriter later.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man is a forgetful person. The woman implies that the man", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nWmaon: Hey. Waht's tihs on Foeaocbk? It syas ... Are you gtentig mierrad?\nMan: Yaeh. Ddin't you konw taht?\nWmaon: No. Why ddin't you tlel me aobut it? (It) syas you're gttineg mairred nxet week.\nMan: Yaeh, and I'm bnigirng her oevr to mom's hsoue tromorow. You'll lvoe Jsniame.\nWmaon: Jmisane?\nMan: Yaeh. Hree's her picurte on Foboaeck.\nWaomn: Oh. Wow.\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWamon: Dad is not gonig to be ipsresemd.\nMan: Why?\nWamon: She's got, lkie a lot her tottaos and a nsoe rnig, and uh, I'm sorry. The fialmy is gniog to be ralley seruprisd.\nMan: Ah, she's so, wlel, so svitsneie and canrig.\nWmaon:Um, wlel .... [ Waht? ] Hvae ... hvae you teakn any maraigre perp cslaess?\nMan: Ah, who needs taht ayawny? I konw all abuot woemn.\nWoamn: Yaeh. Rhigt, lkie .... Waht hvae you had? Lkie ten greifrlndis in the lsat six mthnos?\nMan: Wlel, taht's dnrefifet!\nWmaon: Uh, lsetin. Osloivbuy, you need to ivmrpoe yuor cmumitoaocnin slliks, and the bset tinhg at tihs pnoit .... if you're rlaely set on mariynrg Jmiae...\nMan: Jnmsiae ...\nWaomn: Oaky, I'm srory, Jnmiase, anwayy, um, you rlaley sulohd tkae a mraigare perp casls.\nMan: Waht? Waht you are tniaklg aobut? I konw all abuot lvoe and rocnmae.\nWamon: Uh. Rhigt ....\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWoamn: Look. Oaky. It's mroe tahn taht. Waht do you konw aubot, say, proesnal fcainne? [ Wlel, you konw ... ] I maen, how are you gnoig to mganae yuor meony tteegohr? Are you gnoig to hvae a jiont bnak aunccot? Whsoe slaary is ginog to pay the bllis?\nMan: Ah, no pobrelm. No pblerom. We hvae taht freigud out. My paceychk is ginog to be acotulitlamay tenfearrsd to her oeveasrs bnak aoncuct.\nWaomn: Oh. [ Waht? ] Uh, wrhee ealctxy is tihs aunocct? Waht's the nmae of the bnak?\nMan: Ah, I don't konw. Jsiamne's gonig to tkae crae of taht.\nWamon: Oh, boy. Rihgt. Um, wlel, waht aobut clrehidn? Are you gyus gonig to hvae any kdis?\nMan: Wlel, I wnat a lgrae flamiy, so ehigt kdis wulod be jsut auobt rhigt.\nWaomn: Wow! Waht deos Jmnsiae say aoubt taht?\nMan: Ah, wlel, she deson't wnat any kdis, but I'll cgnhae her mnid ocne we get mrriead. ( Rihgt. ) No plboerm.\nWmaon: Oaky, waht aobut hwseuoork? How are you gonig to hdnlae taht?\nMan: Wlel, Jsnaime won't mnid diong it. ( (Did) she siad taht? ) Wlel, not etcxaly. We've been jsut so bsuy panninlg out our hyoonmoen, taht we jsut heavn't wroekd out, you konw, tshee salml dielats.\nWaomn: Gaert! You konw waht? By the tmie you laren her lsat nmae, I tinhk tngihs are gonig to be oevr beteewn the two of you.\nMan: No, you jsut wnat and see.\nQuestion: The woman realizes that her brother is getting married _______.\nChoices: (A)tomorrow (B)in a week (C)next month\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman realizes that her brother is getting married in a week. Question: The woman realizes that her brother is getting married _______. Choices: (A)tomorrow (B)in a week (C)next month Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman realizes that her brother is getting married in a week. Question: The woman realizes that her brother is getting married _______. Choices: (A)tomorrow (B)in a week (C)next month Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman realizes that her brother is getting married in a week. Question: The woman realizes that her brother is getting married _______. Choices: (A)tomorrow (B)in a week (C)next month Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman realizes that her brother is getting married in a week. Question: The woman realizes that her brother is getting married _______. Choices: (A)tomorrow (B)in a week", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nWmaon: Hey. Waht's tihs on Focboaek? It syas ... Are you gtientg mearrid?\nMan: Yaeh. Ddin't you konw taht?\nWmoan: No. Why ddin't you tlel me aubot it? (It) syas you're gittneg miaerrd nxet week.\nMan: Yaeh, and I'm bginnrig her oevr to mom's huose tooorrmw. You'll lvoe Jaisnme.\nWoamn: Jsnmiae?\nMan: Yaeh. Hree's her ptriuce on Fcoaeobk.\nWoamn: Oh. Wow.\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWmoan: Dad is not ginog to be iprsmesed.\nMan: Why?\nWamon: She's got, lkie a lot her totoats and a nsoe rnig, and uh, I'm srory. The faimly is gniog to be rlaley srespriud.\nMan: Ah, she's so, wlel, so svestniie and cinarg.\nWmoan:Um, wlel .... [ Waht? ] Hvae ... hvae you tkean any mgararie perp claesss?\nMan: Ah, who nedes taht aanywy? I konw all auobt wemon.\nWmaon: Yaeh. Rihgt, lkie .... Waht hvae you had? Lkie ten grrfenlidis in the lsat six mohtns?\nMan: Wlel, taht's dfereinft!\nWaomn: Uh, letisn. Ovslobiuy, you need to irmpvoe yuor cmcinuotmoian silkls, and the bset tnhig at tihs pnoit .... if you're rlelay set on mniyarrg Jaime...\nMan: Jsiamne ...\nWmoan: Oaky, I'm srory, Jsmniae, anwyay, um, you ralely soulhd tkae a margiare perp casls.\nMan: Waht? Waht you are tlnaikg aubot? I konw all aubot lvoe and rmncaoe.\nWmaon: Uh. Rhgit ....\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWoamn: Look. Oaky. It's mroe tahn taht. Waht do you konw abuot, say, penoasrl fnnicae? [ Wlel, you konw ... ] I maen, how are you giong to mgnaae yuor meony thetegor? Are you ginog to hvae a jniot bnak aoucnct? Wshoe sarlay is ginog to pay the blils?\nMan: Ah, no pebrlom. No poebrlm. We hvae taht ferugid out. My pacehcyk is ginog to be almotaalctiuy tnaefresrd to her orvasees bnak acucnot.\nWaomn: Oh. [ Waht? ] Uh, wrhee etcxaly is tihs anccuot? Waht's the nmae of the bnak?\nMan: Ah, I don't konw. Jnisame's giong to tkae crae of taht.\nWmoan: Oh, boy. Rghit. Um, wlel, waht aubot crldhien? Are you gyus gnoig to hvae any kdis?\nMan: Wlel, I wnat a lagre filmay, so egiht kdis wuold be jsut abuot rgiht.\nWamon: Wow! Waht deos Jminsae say aubot taht?\nMan: Ah, wlel, she deson't wnat any kdis, but I'll cnahge her mnid ocne we get mreirad. ( Rghit. ) No pbeorlm.\nWmaon: Oaky, waht aoubt hsooreuwk? How are you giong to hnldae taht?\nMan: Wlel, Jansmie won't mnid dnoig it. ( (Did) she siad taht? ) Wlel, not eltcxay. We've been jsut so bsuy pnnlnaig out our homyonoen, taht we jsut hvean't wreokd out, you konw, tehse salml daliets.\nWoamn: Graet! You konw waht? By the tmie you lrean her lsat nmae, I tnhik tngihs are gnoig to be oevr bteewen the two of you.\nMan: No, you jsut wnat and see.\nQuestion: According to the conversation, what is his girlfriend like?\nChoices: (A)She's a compassionate person. (B)She's outgoing and friendly. (C)The woman is very honest.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: According to the conversation, what is his girlfriend like? Choices: (A)She's a compassionate person. (B)She's outgoing and friendly. (C)The woman is very honest. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: According to the conversation, what is his girlfriend like? Choices: (A)She's a compassionate person. (B)She's outgoing and friendly. (C)The woman is very honest. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: According to the conversation, what is his girlfriend like? Choices: (A)She's a compassionate person. (B)She's outgoing and friendly. (C)The woman is very honest. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: According to the conversation, what is his girlfriend like? Choices: (A)She's a compassionate person. (B)She's outgoing and friendly. (C)The woman is very honest. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nWaomn: Hey. Waht's tihs on Fboceoak? It syas ... Are you gtetnig meriard?\nMan: Yaeh. Ddin't you konw taht?\nWaomn: No. Why ddin't you tlel me aoubt it? (It) syas you're gnettig mearird nxet week.\nMan: Yaeh, and I'm bnginrig her oevr to mom's hsoue tmroorow. You'll lvoe Jsianme.\nWaomn: Jinsame?\nMan: Yaeh. Hree's her pcuirte on Foaeobck.\nWmaon: Oh. Wow.\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWmaon: Dad is not ginog to be irpmesesd.\nMan: Why?\nWamon: She's got, lkie a lot her tttoaos and a nsoe rnig, and uh, I'm srory. The fmialy is giong to be rlaely srepisrud.\nMan: Ah, she's so, wlel, so setsnviie and cnairg.\nWmaon:Um, wlel .... [ Waht? ] Hvae ... hvae you teakn any mgrariae perp csasels?\nMan: Ah, who nedes taht ayanwy? I konw all aoubt weomn.\nWoamn: Yaeh. Rhigt, lkie .... Waht hvae you had? Lkie ten grirnidelfs in the lsat six mnohts?\nMan: Wlel, taht's dreiffnet!\nWoamn: Uh, lseitn. Oobulsivy, you need to iovprme yuor cmouonamiticn slilks, and the bset tinhg at tihs pnoit .... if you're rellay set on marriyng Jiame...\nMan: Jsnmaie ...\nWmaon: Oaky, I'm srroy, Jimanse, ayawny, um, you rlaley shulod tkae a mgaiarre perp casls.\nMan: Waht? Waht you are tiknalg aoubt? I konw all aubot lvoe and rcaonme.\nWamon: Uh. Rgiht ....\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWmaon: Look. Oaky. It's mroe tahn taht. Waht do you konw aubot, say, psenroal fniance? [ Wlel, you konw ... ] I maen, how are you gniog to magnae yuor meony ttoegehr? Are you ginog to hvae a jinot bnak aocnuct? Woshe salray is gnoig to pay the bllis?\nMan: Ah, no pleorbm. No pobelrm. We hvae taht friuged out. My phycceak is giong to be aamiocallttuy tasfnreerd to her oevearss bnak auccnot.\nWmaon: Oh. [ Waht? ] Uh, wrhee etcxaly is tihs accnout? Waht's the nmae of the bnak?\nMan: Ah, I don't konw. Jsnmaie's gonig to tkae crae of taht.\nWoamn: Oh, boy. Rghit. Um, wlel, waht aobut cerilhdn? Are you gyus giong to hvae any kdis?\nMan: Wlel, I wnat a lgare falmiy, so ehigt kdis wloud be jsut abuot rgiht.\nWoamn: Wow! Waht deos Jianmse say abuot taht?\nMan: Ah, wlel, she dosen't wnat any kdis, but I'll cgnhae her mnid ocne we get mreiard. ( Rghit. ) No poeblrm.\nWmoan: Oaky, waht aubot heurwsook? How are you gniog to hdalne taht?\nMan: Wlel, Jaminse won't mnid dnoig it. ( (Did) she siad taht? ) Wlel, not etxclay. We've been jsut so bsuy pannilng out our hymenooon, taht we jsut heavn't wrkeod out, you konw, tshee samll dtilaes.\nWmaon: Graet! You konw waht? By the tmie you lraen her lsat nmae, I tinhk tinghs are giong to be oevr btweeen the two of you.\nMan: No, you jsut wnat and see.\nQuestion: Jasmine, the man's girlfriend, _____________.\nChoices: (A)has bright green hair (B)wears a lot of crazy clothes (C)has interesting body art\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: The man's girlfriend, Jasmine, _____________. Choices: (A)has bright green hair (B)wears a lot of crazy clothes (C)has interesting body art Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man's girlfriend, Jasmine, _____________. Choices: (A)has bright green hair (B)wears a lot of crazy clothes (C)has interesting body art Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man's girlfriend, Jasmine, _____________. Choices: (A)has bright green hair (B)wears a lot of crazy clothes (C)has interesting body art Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man's girlfriend, Jasmine, _____________. Choices: (A)has bright green hair (B)wears a lot of crazy clothes (C)has interesting body art Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man's girlfriend, Ja", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nWmaon: Hey. Waht's tihs on Fceboaok? It syas ... Are you gtinteg mriraed?\nMan: Yaeh. Ddin't you konw taht?\nWmaon: No. Why ddin't you tlel me aobut it? (It) syas you're gtniteg mreirad nxet week.\nMan: Yaeh, and I'm birngnig her oevr to mom's hosue tormoorw. You'll lvoe Jniasme.\nWmaon: Jimanse?\nMan: Yaeh. Hree's her pctirue on Foocebak.\nWoamn: Oh. Wow.\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWoamn: Dad is not ginog to be issrmeepd.\nMan: Why?\nWmaon: She's got, lkie a lot her tttoaos and a nsoe rnig, and uh, I'm srory. The failmy is giong to be ralely seruisrpd.\nMan: Ah, she's so, wlel, so stsneviie and cniarg.\nWaomn:Um, wlel .... [ Waht? ] Hvae ... hvae you tkean any miarrage perp cseasls?\nMan: Ah, who ndees taht aawnyy? I konw all aubot wemon.\nWmoan: Yaeh. Rghit, lkie .... Waht hvae you had? Lkie ten gdrirnelifs in the lsat six mntohs?\nMan: Wlel, taht's defrfinet!\nWaomn: Uh, lsietn. Oisovluby, you need to irvopme yuor cicoomniatmun sllkis, and the bset thnig at tihs pinot .... if you're rlelay set on mryniarg Jmiae...\nMan: Jsniame ...\nWmoan: Oaky, I'm srory, Jimsnae, aanywy, um, you rlealy sulohd tkae a mrariage perp clsas.\nMan: Waht? Waht you are tlkiang aoubt? I konw all aoubt lvoe and rmnaoce.\nWmaon: Uh. Rghit ....\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWaomn: Look. Oaky. It's mroe tahn taht. Waht do you konw aoubt, say, panrosel fcniane? [ Wlel, you konw ... ] I maen, how are you gniog to maange yuor mneoy teogther? Are you gniog to hvae a jinot bnak accnuot? Woshe saarly is ginog to pay the bllis?\nMan: Ah, no prelobm. No pbreolm. We hvae taht friegud out. My payechck is gnoig to be aumttlcaloiay traneesfrd to her osavrees bnak anoccut.\nWmoan: Oh. [ Waht? ] Uh, wrhee exltcay is tihs acconut? Waht's the nmae of the bnak?\nMan: Ah, I don't konw. Jsanmie's gnoig to tkae crae of taht.\nWmaon: Oh, boy. Rghit. Um, wlel, waht auobt clhidren? Are you gyus gnoig to hvae any kdis?\nMan: Wlel, I wnat a lrgae flaimy, so eghit kdis wluod be jsut aoubt rhigt.\nWmaon: Wow! Waht deos Jnmsiae say aoubt taht?\nMan: Ah, wlel, she dseon't wnat any kdis, but I'll chngae her mnid ocne we get mrieard. ( Rghit. ) No porlbem.\nWmoan: Oaky, waht aobut howersuok? How are you gnoig to hnalde taht?\nMan: Wlel, Jimanse won't mnid diong it. ( (Did) she siad taht? ) Wlel, not ecaltxy. We've been jsut so bsuy palninng out our hyonooemn, taht we jsut heavn't woerkd out, you konw, teshe slmal daietls.\nWoamn: Geart! You konw waht? By the tmie you lrean her lsat nmae, I tnhik tgnihs are gnoig to be oevr beweetn the two of you.\nMan: No, you jsut wnat and see.\nQuestion: The man probably isn't ready for marriage because he __________.\nChoices: (A)has been in many unsuccessful relationships (B)doesn't have a good paying job to support them (C)is still financially dependent on his parents\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The man probably isn't ready for marriage because he __________. Choices: (A)has been in many unsuccessful relationships (B)doesn't have a good paying job to support them (C)is still financially dependent on his parents Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man probably isn't ready for marriage because he __________. Choices: (A)has been in many unsuccessful relationships (B)doesn't have a good paying job to support them (C)is still financially dependent on his parents Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man probably isn't ready for marriage because he __________. Choices: (A)has been in many unsuccessful relationships (B)doesn't have a good paying job to support them (C)is still financially dependent on his parents Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man probably isn't ready for marriage because he __", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nWmaon: Hey. Waht's tihs on Fboaoeck? It syas ... Are you gtitneg miraerd?\nMan: Yaeh. Ddin't you konw taht?\nWoamn: No. Why ddin't you tlel me aubot it? (It) syas you're gitnetg mrearid nxet week.\nMan: Yaeh, and I'm bingirng her oevr to mom's hsoue torrmoow. You'll lvoe Jnmisae.\nWmaon: Jimnase?\nMan: Yaeh. Hree's her puircte on Fcebooak.\nWaomn: Oh. Wow.\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWaomn: Dad is not ginog to be ismeeprsd.\nMan: Why?\nWamon: She's got, lkie a lot her totatos and a nsoe rnig, and uh, I'm srroy. The fialmy is gonig to be rlelay srpsiured.\nMan: Ah, she's so, wlel, so ssvietnie and cianrg.\nWaomn:Um, wlel .... [ Waht? ] Hvae ... hvae you taekn any mrirgaae perp clsases?\nMan: Ah, who ndees taht ayawny? I konw all aubot wmoen.\nWamon: Yaeh. Rghit, lkie .... Waht hvae you had? Lkie ten gerlfinirds in the lsat six mohnts?\nMan: Wlel, taht's deeifrnft!\nWaomn: Uh, lstein. Oolsvbuiy, you need to imovrpe yuor coiicnotumman slikls, and the bset tnhig at tihs pinot .... if you're ralley set on mrnairyg Jmiae...\nMan: Jiamnse ...\nWaomn: Oaky, I'm srory, Jnmisae, aywany, um, you rlelay sulohd tkae a mgriraae perp cslas.\nMan: Waht? Waht you are tlinkag auobt? I konw all aubot lvoe and ronmace.\nWaomn: Uh. Rgiht ....\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWaomn: Look. Oaky. It's mroe tahn taht. Waht do you konw aoubt, say, proaesnl fncaine? [ Wlel, you konw ... ] I maen, how are you giong to mngaae yuor mnoey tgotheer? Are you gnoig to hvae a jiont bnak auncoct? Woshe sralay is gonig to pay the bllis?\nMan: Ah, no pebolrm. No pebolrm. We hvae taht fueirgd out. My phyecack is giong to be autliotaalcmy terasenrfd to her ovesears bnak aonucct.\nWaomn: Oh. [ Waht? ] Uh, werhe eltxacy is tihs aocunct? Waht's the nmae of the bnak?\nMan: Ah, I don't konw. Jsnamie's gnoig to tkae crae of taht.\nWaomn: Oh, boy. Rghit. Um, wlel, waht aubot credhlin? Are you gyus gnoig to hvae any kdis?\nMan: Wlel, I wnat a lgrae fmilay, so ehigt kdis wluod be jsut aoubt rghit.\nWmaon: Wow! Waht deos Jinmsae say aubot taht?\nMan: Ah, wlel, she deson't wnat any kdis, but I'll cngahe her mnid ocne we get miarerd. ( Rghit. ) No poelbrm.\nWmaon: Oaky, waht aoubt heorouwsk? How are you ginog to hldnae taht?\nMan: Wlel, Jinsmae won't mnid dinog it. ( (Did) she siad taht? ) Wlel, not exctlay. We've been jsut so bsuy pnalnnig out our honooyemn, taht we jsut heavn't weorkd out, you konw, teshe samll dailets.\nWamon: Garet! You konw waht? By the tmie you lrean her lsat nmae, I thnik tnighs are gonig to be oevr bteewen the two of you.\nMan: No, you jsut wnat and see.\nQuestion: The man and Jasmine _________________.\nChoices: (A)agree a lot on the same family size (B)have similar views on the number of kids they want (C)don't think alike at all on this subject\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: The man and Jasmine _________________. Choices: (A)agree a lot on the same family size (B)have similar views on the number of kids they want (C)don't think alike at all on this subject Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: The man and Jasmine _________________. Choices: (A)agree a lot on the same family size (B)have similar views on the number of kids they want (C)don't think alike at all on this subject Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: The man and Jasmine _________________. Choices: (A)agree a lot on the same family size (B)have similar views on the number of kids they want (C)don't think alike at all on this subject Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: The man and Jasmine _________________. Choices: (A)agree a lot on", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nWamon: Hey. Waht's tihs on Feocobak? It syas ... Are you gteitng miaerrd?\nMan: Yaeh. Ddin't you konw taht?\nWamon: No. Why ddin't you tlel me abuot it? (It) syas you're gttneig mreraid nxet week.\nMan: Yaeh, and I'm birginng her oevr to mom's husoe tormoorw. You'll lvoe Jasinme.\nWmoan: Jamsnie?\nMan: Yaeh. Hree's her pctirue on Fceoobak.\nWmoan: Oh. Wow.\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWoamn: Dad is not giong to be ipsesmred.\nMan: Why?\nWoamn: She's got, lkie a lot her tatoots and a nsoe rnig, and uh, I'm srroy. The fmaily is gniog to be rlelay sispruerd.\nMan: Ah, she's so, wlel, so sviitnese and crinag.\nWmaon:Um, wlel .... [ Waht? ] Hvae ... hvae you taekn any mrgaarie perp cslseas?\nMan: Ah, who ndees taht ayanwy? I konw all abuot weomn.\nWaomn: Yaeh. Rgiht, lkie .... Waht hvae you had? Lkie ten genrriflids in the lsat six mnhtos?\nMan: Wlel, taht's dferfenit!\nWmaon: Uh, lisetn. Oloubvsiy, you need to irvompe yuor cootmuacimnin slkils, and the bset tihng at tihs pinot .... if you're rlleay set on minraryg Jiame...\nMan: Jmnisae ...\nWoamn: Oaky, I'm srroy, Jnasmie, aanwyy, um, you relaly souhld tkae a miarrgae perp casls.\nMan: Waht? Waht you are tlanikg aubot? I konw all aobut lvoe and ranmcoe.\nWmaon: Uh. Rghit ....\nMan: Waht? Waht do you maen?\nWmoan: Look. Oaky. It's mroe tahn taht. Waht do you konw aubot, say, psarnoel fnincae? [ Wlel, you konw ... ] I maen, how are you gnoig to mgaane yuor mneoy teetoghr? Are you gnoig to hvae a jiont bnak aouncct? Wsohe slaray is gnoig to pay the blils?\nMan: Ah, no porbelm. No porbelm. We hvae taht fuiegrd out. My pcacehyk is ginog to be auclloitmatay tseerarnfd to her oraveses bnak anoccut.\nWaomn: Oh. [ Waht? ] Uh, werhe ecxlaty is tihs acnuoct? Waht's the nmae of the bnak?\nMan: Ah, I don't konw. Jansmie's gnoig to tkae crae of taht.\nWmaon: Oh, boy. Rghit. Um, wlel, waht aobut cirelhdn? Are you gyus ginog to hvae any kdis?\nMan: Wlel, I wnat a lrage fmlaiy, so ehigt kdis wuold be jsut aobut rhigt.\nWoamn: Wow! Waht deos Jiasnme say aubot taht?\nMan: Ah, wlel, she dosen't wnat any kdis, but I'll cgnhae her mnid ocne we get mraerid. ( Rgiht. ) No plerobm.\nWaomn: Oaky, waht aubot hswouroek? How are you giong to hlnade taht?\nMan: Wlel, Jnmsaie won't mnid dnoig it. ( (Did) she siad taht? ) Wlel, not ecltaxy. We've been jsut so bsuy pnialnng out our heyoonmon, taht we jsut haevn't wreokd out, you konw, teshe salml dltiaes.\nWoamn: Gerat! You konw waht? By the tmie you lrean her lsat nmae, I thnik tngihs are ginog to be oevr beetewn the two of you.\nMan: No, you jsut wnat and see.\nQuestion: According to the man, who is going to do the housework?\nChoices: (A)The man is going to take care of it. (B)The man and Jasmine will do it together. (C)Jasmine will be in charge of the chores.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: According to the man, who is going to do the housework? Choices: (A)The man is going to take care of it. (B)The man and Jasmine will do it together. (C)Jasmine will be in charge of the chores. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: According to the man, who is going to do the housework? Choices: (A)The man is going to take care of it. (B)The man and Jasmine will do it together. (C)Jasmine will be in charge of the chores. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: According to the man, who is going to do the housework? Choices: (A)The man is going to take care of it. (B)The man and Jasmine will do it together. (C)Jasmine will be in charge of the chores. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: According to the man, who is going to do the housework? Choice", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Wehn did you go to bed lsat ngiht?\nM: Abuot a queartr to 10.\nQuestion: When did the man go to bed yesterday?\nChoices: (A)10:15 (B)10:45 (C)9:45\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man said \u201cabout a quarter to 10\u201d, which means he went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15. The man went to bed at 10:15.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: It's rlealy hot tdaoy. The trmtaprueee msut be oevr ntiney.\nW: Yes, I konw. But trhee's a lot of cudlos in the air, it is rininag soon.\nQuestion: What does the woman say?\nChoices: (A)Weather would be nice. (B)There are a lot of clouds. (C)It's going to rain.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The woman says that there are a lot of clouds in the air, it is raining soon. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Let's go odstiue for a wlak, salhl we?\nM: We'd bteter not, for it is so clod.\nQuestion: What will they do?\nChoices: (A)Stay at home. (B)Go outside for a walk. (C)Quarrel with each other.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The answer is B. Based on the dialogue, among A through", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Deos tihs bus go to the Bnak of Cnhia?\nM: Yes. Get off at the psot oficfe and wlak sriatght aeahd for abuot two mnteius.\nQuestion: Where does the woman have to get off?\nChoices: (A)At the Bank of China. (B)At the post office. (C)At the next stop.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue clearly tells us that the woman has to get off at the post office. The next stop is the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of China. The woman has to get off at the Bank of", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Can you sohw me yuor psrpasot?\nM: Srroy, waht did you say?\nQuestion: What does the man want the woman to do?\nChoices: (A)To repeat it. (B)To show the passport. (C)To go to the garden.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What does the man want the woman to do? Choices: (A)To repeat it. (B)To show the passport. (C)To go to the garden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man want the woman to do? Choices: (A)To repeat it. (B)To show the passport. (C)To go to the garden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man want the woman to do? Choices: (A)To repeat it. (B)To show the passport. (C)To go to the garden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man want the woman to do? Choices: (A)To repeat it. (B)To show", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Do you konw if the foelwr sohp is sitll oepn?\nW: Yes, it's oepn tlil six. I'm srue.\nQuestion: When are they having the dialogue?\nChoices: (A)In the morning. (B)In the afternoon. (C)At night.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is having the dialogue at night. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue is having the dialogue til six. The dialogue", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Helen, can you tlel us a ltlite bit aoubt wrhee you hvae wokerd brfeoe?\nW: Wlel, my lsat job was wtih Foarmt.\nM: And wehn did you srtat to wrok terhe?\nW: Two yeras ago.\nM: So why did you diecde to lveae?\nW: Wlel, paeprhs you've haerd taht the cmonapy coseld dwon eelarir tihs yaer.\nM: Yes, we've hared aubot it. And whree did you wrok borfee Fmaort?\nW: Ieadl Smyests.\nM: How lnog did you wrok for tehm?\nW: For ten yaers, as a serecraty.\nM: And why did you lavee taht job as a saertcery?\nW: Wlel, I flet I nedeed a cgnhae. I tnhik I lreaend all I culod terhe.\nM: OK, taht's eougnh on yuor wrok exereepcnis. You are lsited.\nQuestion: What is the man asking about?\nChoices: (A)The woman's last job. (B)Ideal Systems. (C)The woman's work experiences.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What is the man asking about? Choices: (A)The woman's last job. (B)Ideal Systems. (C)The woman's work experiences. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the man asking about? Choices: (A)The woman's last job. (B)Ideal Systems. (C)The woman's work experiences. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the man asking about? Choices: (A)The woman's last job. (B)Ideal Systems. (C)The woman's work experiences. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the man asking about? Choices: (A)The woman's last job. (B)Ideal Systems. (C)The woman's work experiences. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the man asking about? Choices: (A)The woman's last job. (B)Ideal Systems.", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hleen, can you tlel us a litlte bit abuot whree you hvae wkoerd bfeore?\nW: Wlel, my lsat job was wtih Fraomt.\nM: And wehn did you sartt to wrok terhe?\nW: Two yares ago.\nM: So why did you ddecie to lveae?\nW: Wlel, paphers you've hraed taht the capnomy coelsd dwon erialer tihs yaer.\nM: Yes, we've hread auobt it. And whree did you wrok berofe Fromat?\nW: Ieadl Sysmtes.\nM: How lnog did you wrok for tehm?\nW: For ten yraes, as a srcrteeay.\nM: And why did you lveae taht job as a srtearecy?\nW: Wlel, I flet I ndeeed a cnhage. I tnihk I lreenad all I cloud trhee.\nM: OK, taht's eognuh on yuor wrok eeerecxinps. You are ltised.\nQuestion: What is the most possible relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Workmates. (B)Boss and job-hunter. (C)Friends.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The two speakers are workmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are workmates. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are workmates. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are workmates. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are workmates. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are workmates. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are friends. The two speakers are", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Helen, can you tlel us a llitte bit aubot wrehe you hvae wkerod bforee?\nW: Wlel, my lsat job was wtih Fmorat.\nM: And wehn did you sartt to wrok trehe?\nW: Two yraes ago.\nM: So why did you ddecie to lvaee?\nW: Wlel, phaerps you've hared taht the caonpmy cseold dwon elerair tihs yaer.\nM: Yes, we've hread aubot it. And wehre did you wrok bfoere Fmoart?\nW: Iadel Styesms.\nM: How lnog did you wrok for tehm?\nW: For ten yraes, as a secaretry.\nM: And why did you lveae taht job as a saecrtery?\nW: Wlel, I flet I nedeed a cahgne. I tinhk I lnreaed all I cuold trehe.\nM: OK, taht's eungoh on yuor wrok eprnecexies. You are lsietd.\nQuestion: Why did the woman leave Format?\nChoices: (A)She had a quarrel with her boss. (B)She was not well paid. (C)The company closed down.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: Why did the woman leave Format? Choices: (A)She had a quarrel with her boss. (B)She was not well paid. (C)The company closed down. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Why did the woman leave Format? Choices: (A)She had a quarrel with her boss. (B)She was not well paid. (C)The company closed down. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Why did the woman leave Format? Choices: (A)She had a quarrel with her boss. (B)She was not well paid. (C)The company closed down. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Why did the woman leave Format? Choices: (A)She had a quarrel with her boss. (B)She was not well paid. (C)The company closed down. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Why did the woman leave Format?", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Dnruig the lsat tnuehdr srtom I ntcoeid savreel lakes in my boeordm celniig and tehy rlaely cesaud a mses.\nM: Mbyae you hvae smoe bekron tleis. I hvae the pnohe nbmeur of a good rofinog cmaonpy taht cluod do a good rpaeir job for you at a rneabalsoe picre.\nQuestion: What can we conclude from this conversation?\nChoices: (A)The roof of the woman's house needs to be repaired. (B)The roof of the man's house has several bad leaks. (C)The woman's bathroom was badly damaged.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman's house needs to be repaired. The man's house has several bad leaks. The woman's bathroom was badly damaged. The roof of the woman's house needs to be repaired. The roof of the man's house has several bad leaks. The woman's bathroom was badly damaged. The roof of the woman's house needs to be repaired. The roof of the man's house has several bad leaks. The woman's bathroom was badly damaged. The roof of the woman's house needs to be repaired. The roof of the man's house has several bad leaks. The woman's bathroom was badly damaged. The roof of the woman's house needs to be repaired. The roof of the man's house has several bad leaks. The woman's bathroom was badly damaged. The roof of the woman's house needs to be repaired. The roof of the man's house has several bad leaks. The woman's bathroom was badly damaged. The roof of the woman's house needs to be repaired. The roof of the man's house has several bad leaks. The woman's bathroom was badly damaged. The roof of the woman's", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Eilvs Plreesy was speur foumas in the mid-ffiiets, but why do pploee alyaws say \"Evlis has lfet the buinlidg\"?\nW: Taht's an old siayng. It jsut rinmeds peploe taht Eilvs is gnoe but not ftoorgetn. He deid in 1977. Did you konw he was olny 42 wehn he deid?\nQuestion: How old was Elvis when he died?\nChoices: (A)77 years old. (B)42 years old. (C)50 years old.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Elvis Presley was a popular singer in the mid-fifties, but why do people always say \"Elvis has left the building\"? That's an old saying. It just reminds people that Elvis is known but not forgotten. He died in 1977. Did you know he was only 42 when he died? Elvis Presley was a popular singer in the mid-fifties, but why do people always say \"Elvis has left the building\"? That's an old saying. It just reminds people that Elvis is known but not forgotten. He died in 1977. Did you know he was only 42 when he died? Question: How old was Elvis when he died? Choices: (A)77 years old. (B)42 years old. (C)50 years old. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Elvis Presley was a popular singer in the mid-fifties, but why do people always say \"Elvis has left the building\"? That's an old saying. It just reminds people that Elvis is known but not forgotten. He died in 1977. Did you know he was only 42", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Wehn wolud you lkie me to sned tohse palns oevr to yuor ofifce, Mr Cotlinn?\nM: It wloud be good if you culod get tehm to me by Trhsdauy aoerotnfn, Ms. Blkeray.\nW: Taht shuldon't be a pboelrm. Waht is the ecxat adersds, agian?\nM: 7880 Ctfroon Aenvue, Room 304 in bdniluig 40A.\nQuestion: What will the woman do before Thursday afternoon?\nChoices: (A)Send some documents to the man. (B)Pick up the man at his office (C)Attend a meeting with the man.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What will the woman do before Thursday afternoon? Choices: (A)Send some documents to the man. (B)Pick up the man at his office (C)Attend a meeting with the man. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the woman do before Thursday afternoon? Choices: (A)Send some documents to the man. (B)Pick up the man at his office (C)Attend a meeting with the man. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the woman do before Thursday afternoon? Choices: (A)Send some documents to the man. (B)Pick up the man at his office (C)Attend a meeting with the man. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the woman do before Thursday afternoon? Choices: (A)Send some documents to the man. (B)Pick up the man at his office (C)Attend a meeting with the man. Answer: Based", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Jnae, you won't be albe to get to the aorirpt in tmie to ctcah the 10 o'ccolk flhigt.\nW: I rizleae taht now. I'll hvae to get my tkiect chagend.\nQuestion: What will the woman have to do?\nChoices: (A)Switch to a different flight. (B)Ask the man to change the ticket for her. (C)Go to the airport immediately.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will have to get her ticket changed. The woman will", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: My heedchaas are tbeilrry. Mybae I need mroe selep.\nW: Acltauly, you need lses sun and smoe apirisn. It wluod hlep if you waer a hat.\nQuestion: What does the woman think is the cause of the man's headache?\nChoices: (A)Long exposure to the sun. (B)Lack of sleep. (C)Too tight a hat.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by long exposure to the sun. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by too tight a hat. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by too tight a hat. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man's headache is caused by lack of sleep. The woman thinks that the man", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I can't fnid the arairvl tmies for the New Yrok to Btoosn tniras on tihs suhcdlee.\nM: Look for New Yrok in the lfet hnad cumoln and flloow it acosrs utinl you fnid the huor letisd in the Bstoon cuolmn.\nQuestion: What is the woman looking at?\nChoices: (A)Pictures of the trains from Boston to New York. (B)A map of New York. (C)A timetable.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is looking at a timetable. The woman is", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Are you gonig to ruretn to yuor pesnert job afetr the vaicaotn?\nW: No, I paln to gadature nxet seetmser. Taht maens I'll hvae to be a flul-tmie sdneutt.\nM: Yes. And I'll hvae to crnetanocte on my sudty, too.\nQuestion: What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Teacher and student. (B)Father and daughter. (C)Two students.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are students. The dialogue shows", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Slaly, wloud you lkie to go to the cnmiea wtih me?\nW: I'd lvoe to, but we are hnaivg a tset tmoororw.\nQuestion: What do we learn from the conversation?\nChoices: (A)Sally doesn't like films. (B)Sally loves to go to the cinema. (C)Sally can't go to the cinema for she has to prepare for a test.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Sally loves to go to the cinema, but she can't go to the cinema for she has to prepare for a test. The answer is B. Sally loves to go to the cinema, but she can't go to the cinema for she has to prepare for a test. The answer is B. Sally loves to go to the cinema, but she can't go to the cinema for she has to prepare for a test. The answer is B. Sally loves to go to the cinema, but she can't go to the cinema for she has to prepare for a test. The answer is B. Sally loves to go to the cinema, but she can't go to the cinema for she has to prepare for a test. The answer is B. Sally loves to go to the cinema, but she can't go to the cinema for she has to prepare for a test. The answer is B. Sally loves to go to the cinema, but she can't go to the cinema for she has to prepare for a test. The answer is B. Sally loves to go to the cinema, but she can't go to the cinema for she has to", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Wiat, Ben, did you say you had a ptary on Sdaaruty?\nM: Yaeh, ddin't you konw aobut it? It was my bhtrdiay.\nW: No, I ddin't.\nM: But I itnievd you. I snet you an e-mial lsat week.\nW: Are you srue? I ddin't get it. Oh, you konw waht? I ddin't tlel you I hvae a new e-mial aerddss. Oh, I am srory.\nM: Taht's OK. But I was knid of usept taht you wsan't trhee.\nW: Ralley? I was uespt too. And the bkie tirp is jsut auwfl. We got lsot for fuor huros.\nM: Oh, taht's teirbrle.\nW: Lesitn, let's go out for lcunh tihs week. I wnat to do shiontmeg for yuor brdhiaty.\nM: Oh, you don't hvae to.\nW: I konw. But I wnat to.\nM: OK. Taht's rlelay ncie of you, rlealy. So anwayy, I hvae to go now. I hvae a meinetg at 9:30.\nW: OK. See you ltear and hppay bdhtraiy.\nQuestion: Why didn't the woman go to the man's birthday party?\nChoices: (A)She forgot all about it. (B)She didn't like the man. (C)She didn't know about it.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman didn't go to the man's birthday party because she forgot all about it. She forgot all about it because she didn't know about it. She didn't know about it because she didn't get the invitation. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't know about it because she didn't get the invitation. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't know about it. She didn't get the invitation because she didn't", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Wiat, Ben, did you say you had a praty on Srtaduay?\nM: Yaeh, ddin't you konw aoubt it? It was my bhiatrdy.\nW: No, I ddin't.\nM: But I initevd you. I snet you an e-mial lsat week.\nW: Are you srue? I ddin't get it. Oh, you konw waht? I ddin't tlel you I hvae a new e-mial adrdses. Oh, I am sorry.\nM: Taht's OK. But I was knid of usept taht you wsan't trhee.\nW: Ralely? I was usept too. And the bkie tirp is jsut awufl. We got lsot for fuor horus.\nM: Oh, taht's tlebrire.\nW: Ltiesn, let's go out for lncuh tihs week. I wnat to do senihotmg for yuor brtahidy.\nM: Oh, you don't hvae to.\nW: I konw. But I wnat to.\nM: OK. Taht's ralely ncie of you, rlelay. So aanwyy, I hvae to go now. I hvae a mieentg at 9:30.\nW: OK. See you ltear and hppay bahridty.\nQuestion: Who is the woman?\nChoices: (A)The man's friend. (B)The man's mother. (C)The man's secretary.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman is the man's mother. The man's mother is the woman's mother. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother is the man's secretary. The man's mother", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Wiat, Ben, did you say you had a ptray on Srdtaauy?\nM: Yaeh, ddin't you konw aobut it? It was my brdiahty.\nW: No, I ddin't.\nM: But I ivnited you. I snet you an e-mial lsat week.\nW: Are you srue? I ddin't get it. Oh, you konw waht? I ddin't tlel you I hvae a new e-mial asdders. Oh, I am srroy.\nM: Taht's OK. But I was knid of uespt taht you wsan't terhe.\nW: Ralley? I was usept too. And the bkie tirp is jsut awufl. We got lsot for fuor hruos.\nM: Oh, taht's teblirre.\nW: Ltesin, let's go out for lcunh tihs week. I wnat to do sntmieohg for yuor bithrady.\nM: Oh, you don't hvae to.\nW: I konw. But I wnat to.\nM: OK. Taht's ralely ncie of you, rlelay. So anaywy, I hvae to go now. I hvae a mteneig at 9:30.\nW: OK. See you ltaer and hpapy btridhay.\nQuestion: What does the woman want to do for the man's birthday?\nChoices: (A)Buy him a nice present. (B)Have lunch with him. (C)Send him an e-mail.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the woman want to do for the man's birthday? Choices: (A)Buy him a nice present. (B)Have lunch with him. (C)Send him an e-mail. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman want to do for the man's birthday? Choices: (A)Buy him a nice present. (B)Have lunch with him. (C)Send him an e-mail. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman want to do for the man's birthday? Choices: (A)Buy him a nice present. (B)Have lunch with him. (C)Send him an e-mail. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman want to do for the man's birthday? Choices: (A)Buy him a nice present. (B)Have lunch with him. (C)Send him an", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: How did you go to Caanda? Did you fly?\nM: I was pnnnilag to bsaeuce it's scuh a lnog tirp by bus or trian. But Ferd dceided to drvie and itivend me to jion him. It took us 2 dyas and one nihgt.\nQuestion: How did the man go to Canada?\nChoices: (A)By train. (B)By car. (C)By bus.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man went to Canada by car. The man was planning to fly because it's such a long trip by bus or train. But Ferd decided to drive and invited me to join him. It took us 2 days and one night. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went to Canada by car. The man went", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nDgahuetr: Uh, Dad. Are you gnoig to msis me wehn I lavee for cgoelle nxet week?\nFehtar: Yohao!\nDhteaugr: No, Dad ... suiselroy. I maen you're ayawls tialkng aubot how mcuh meony you'll svae on food, hot wtaer, and gas wlhie I am gnoe.\nFthear: Of crouse I wlil ... no, uh, wlel, I'll msis you, of cruose. No, hoestlny, I'll msis and wrory aubot you, and you've rlaley tired to perrape ysourlef. You konw, I'm purod of you for taht. You konw, gettnig a uisvrtniey deerge is a rael acsihlnpmceomt.\nDteahugr: Elctaxy.\nFthaer: But, let's go oevr the to-do lsit. Do you hvae ernevthyig rdeay? I maen, did you pay yuor totuiin and hoinsug fees by the dldnaeie? [Yaep.] Buasece, you konw, if you don't, you'll lsoe yuor casls sheuldce, and you hvae to risgeetr all oevr aaign.\nDguthaer: Yaeh, I piad for taht a few dyas ago.\nFhtaer: Oaky, did you sgin up for the mael paln at the urinsitevy so you don't hvae to eat inantst nldooes eavreydy?\nDagtuehr: Yaep. But Mom siad I cuold tkae smoe food form hmoe to get me staetrd.\nFehatr: Uhhh, wlel, yaeh. The oeamtal is in the prntay.\nDtehguar: Dad! Mom siad I cluod tkae a bag of rcie, smoe cneand food, and ...\nFthaer: ... and gdarnpa's old amry rtoinas.\nDetaghur: Ugh! Not taht old suftf. Mom!\nFtaehr: Oaky, oaky. And you konw you soluhd set up an ainemppnott to meet wtih yuor aceidamc aiodvsr to hlep you selcet fturue csasles, rgiht? [Yaeh.] You konw, binsuess airosnimtatidn wlil be a garet mjaor for you.\nDhguater: Wlel, Dad, uh ...\nFeathr: And furtue psiolstebiiis ... a gerat saalry, oiortpeunitps to mkae a drfifenece in the cumnmtioy, and [Dad. I caeghnd my mjoar.] sniutpprog ...\nFtaher: Waht? You cneahgd you mojar ... you secthwid mjraos!?\nDetaguhr: Yaeh. I rlleay thhguot abuot it. Atfer tknialg it oevr wtih Mom, I've dideecd to mojar in wilfdile sccinee.\nFehtar: Waht? Waht are you taknlig abuot?\nDhtgaeur: Yaeh. I wnat to dgeere in wilflide secince. You konw, alyinnzag, miiinnantag, and cnrsoeivng noatainl fosrtes and wlfdiile.\nFhtaer: Waht? Uh, uhh ...\nDuhgeatr: Dad. You can cosle yuor motuh now. I maen, I've ALYWAS been itseertned in wnrikog wtih nrtuae; [Wlel.] You konw taht, and tihs felid wlil gvie me the outtppniory to lvie out my darem. [Wlel ... ] I've aslo lkoeod tugorhh the olnine uesvintriy clatoag, and I alctlauy qluiafy for a two-yaer, flul tiouitn slcorhsahip.\nFetahr: Wiat. Wehn did tihs all hpaepn?\nDheagtur: I can eevn go on to gudatare sohcol and futerhr my eciutaodn ... aeftr Tdod and I get miaerrd, of cusroe.\nFaethr: Gdrtaaue shocol ... Tdod? Wiat, wiat, wiat!! Who's Tdod? Ah, waht's nxet?\nDgatuher: Tknahs for the criedt crad. Mom siad it was a peersnt. And I jsut terid it out to mkae srue it wrkeod, and I had no perblom biynug my new ltoapp cuoptemr. [Oh, I'm deoomd!] Uh, Dad, werhe are you gniog?\nFtaehr: Uh, I've dcieded to erlnol in nhigt scoohl to get anheotr deegre. Taht's the olny way I'm giong to pay for yuor ceglloe.\nQuestion: What will happen if the woman doesn't pay her tuition by the due date?\nChoices: (A)She'll have to pay a significant late fee. (B)She'll be required to register again for school. (C)She'll need to wait a semester to take classes.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman will have to pay a significant late fee. The woman will be required to register again for school. The woman will need to wait a semester to take classes. The woman will lose her seat in the class. The woman will be required to register again for school. The woman will need to wait a semester to take classes. The woman will lose her seat in the class. The woman will have to pay a significant late fee. The woman will be required to register again for school. The woman will need to wait a semester to take classes. The woman will lose her seat in the class. The woman will have to pay a significant late fee. The woman will be required to register again for school. The woman will need to wait a semester to take classes. The woman will lose her seat in the class. The woman will have to pay a significant late fee. The woman will be required to register again for school. The woman will need to wait a semester to take classes. The woman will lose her seat in the class. The woman will have to pay a significant late fee. The woman will be required to register again for school. The woman will need to wait a semester to take classes", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nDhteuagr: Uh, Dad. Are you gnoig to msis me wehn I levae for cegolle nxet week?\nFhetar: Yohao!\nDtheugar: No, Dad ... sesuolriy. I maen you're alayws tnliakg aoubt how mcuh mneoy you'll svae on food, hot waetr, and gas wlhie I am gnoe.\nFeahtr: Of cuorse I wlil ... no, uh, wlel, I'll msis you, of cusore. No, hnesloty, I'll msis and wrory aobut you, and you've ralley tierd to ppraere yelosurf. You konw, I'm purod of you for taht. You konw, ginettg a utisvnreiy dreege is a rael anmsmecchlipot.\nDhegautr: Eatlxcy.\nFeathr: But, let's go oevr the to-do lsit. Do you hvae eintyvehrg reday? I maen, did you pay yuor tuiiton and hsnuoig fees by the deialdne? [Yaep.] Baucese, you konw, if you don't, you'll lsoe yuor csals slcdhuee, and you hvae to reetigsr all oevr aaign.\nDughetar: Yaeh, I piad for taht a few dyas ago.\nFhater: Oaky, did you sgin up for the mael paln at the ueiinvrtsy so you don't hvae to eat itnanst ndoloes edyevray?\nDagutehr: Yaep. But Mom siad I cloud tkae smoe food form hmoe to get me strtead.\nFhtaer: Uhhh, wlel, yaeh. The omaetal is in the pnraty.\nDautgehr: Dad! Mom siad I culod tkae a bag of rcie, smoe cnnead food, and ...\nFthear: ... and gdprana's old amry ronatis.\nDgehautr: Ugh! Not taht old stfuf. Mom!\nFhaetr: Oaky, oaky. And you konw you slhuod set up an amnnioteppt to meet wtih yuor aaciedmc aivsodr to hlep you sleect fruute celssas, rghit? [Yaeh.] You konw, bniusses anaisoittdmirn wlil be a geart mjoar for you.\nDtgeahur: Wlel, Dad, uh ...\nFteahr: And ftruue piostibesiils ... a gaert slaray, oppnieurittos to mkae a defceifrne in the ctnmouimy, and [Dad. I canghed my mojar.] stippnuorg ...\nFehatr: Waht? You cgahned you mojar ... you sctiehwd maorjs!?\nDuetahgr: Yaeh. I ralley thguhot auobt it. Aetfr tlinakg it oevr wtih Mom, I've ddieced to mjoar in widlflie senicce.\nFheatr: Waht? Waht are you tlnkaig aubot?\nDtahegur: Yaeh. I wnat to dreege in wiifllde snciece. You konw, aalyinnzg, mnnnaitaiig, and cnsenoirvg naotnail fetsors and wiflidle.\nFetahr: Waht? Uh, uhh ...\nDtgeuhar: Dad. You can cosle yuor mutoh now. I maen, I've AWAYLS been itnesteerd in wnokrig wtih nturae; [Wlel.] You konw taht, and tihs feild wlil gvie me the ootpnpurtiy to lvie out my darem. [Wlel ... ] I've aslo lokoed thrugoh the oninle unrsivetiy colaatg, and I auclltay quliafy for a two-yaer, flul touitin sairhlochsp.\nFhetar: Wiat. Wehn did tihs all hepapn?\nDhteugar: I can eevn go on to gautarde shoocl and frtheur my eitducaon ... atfer Tdod and I get mraired, of csruoe.\nFhetar: Gauratde soohcl ... Tdod? Wiat, wiat, wiat!! Who's Tdod? Ah, waht's nxet?\nDgheuatr: Tnkahs for the crdiet crad. Mom siad it was a prneset. And I jsut treid it out to mkae srue it wkeord, and I had no pblreom biunyg my new lptoap ctpmoeur. [Oh, I'm deomod!] Uh, Dad, wrhee are you giong?\nFetahr: Uh, I've ddeecid to eolrnl in nghit soochl to get atoehnr derege. Taht's the olny way I'm gnoig to pay for yuor cleogle.\nQuestion: What is the woman planning to take with her to school from home?\nChoices: (A)some food (B)warm clothing (C)her game system\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is the woman planning to take with her to school from home? Choices: (A)some food (B)warm clothing (C)her game system Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the woman planning to take with her to school from home? Choices: (A)some food (B)warm clothing (C)her game system Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the woman planning to take with her to school from home? Choices: (A)some food (B)warm clothing (C)her game system Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the woman planning to take with her to school from home? Choices: (A)some food (B)warm clothing (C)her game system Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the woman planning to take with her to school from home? Choices: (A)some food (B)warm clothing (C)her game system Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nDutgehar: Uh, Dad. Are you gniog to msis me wehn I levae for cglloee nxet week?\nFehatr: Yhoao!\nDugahetr: No, Dad ... sueosrily. I maen you're awalys tiknlag auobt how mcuh meony you'll svae on food, hot wtaer, and gas wlihe I am gnoe.\nFhetar: Of cursoe I wlil ... no, uh, wlel, I'll msis you, of cursoe. No, hoentlsy, I'll msis and wrroy aoubt you, and you've rellay terid to prrpeae yleusorf. You konw, I'm pourd of you for taht. You konw, gienttg a urvstniiey deegre is a rael aelmiocnhmpsct.\nDheagutr: Excatly.\nFheatr: But, let's go oevr the to-do lsit. Do you hvae eeinvyhrtg rdeay? I maen, did you pay yuor ttoiuin and husnoig fees by the dinadele? [Yaep.] Bcesaue, you konw, if you don't, you'll lsoe yuor calss sucledhe, and you hvae to rgtseeir all oevr aiagn.\nDtahgeur: Yaeh, I piad for taht a few dyas ago.\nFheatr: Oaky, did you sgin up for the mael paln at the uvsieintry so you don't hvae to eat itasnnt nodeols eyedvray?\nDhtgaeur: Yaep. But Mom siad I cloud tkae smoe food form hmoe to get me serttad.\nFtaher: Uhhh, wlel, yaeh. The oaatmel is in the ptrnay.\nDguetahr: Dad! Mom siad I cloud tkae a bag of rcie, smoe cnaend food, and ...\nFehtar: ... and gpdrana's old amry riantos.\nDuhtgaer: Ugh! Not taht old suftf. Mom!\nFeathr: Oaky, oaky. And you konw you shulod set up an appimnoentt to meet wtih yuor ameacidc aviodsr to hlep you sceelt furtue ceaslss, rhigt? [Yaeh.] You konw, beuinsss aodnastmriiitn wlil be a geart mjoar for you.\nDthaegur: Wlel, Dad, uh ...\nFthaer: And fruute piisoibltsies ... a garet sraaly, opipetiotunrs to mkae a deecfirnfe in the cmnmutioy, and [Dad. I cghaned my mjaor.] supnptriog ...\nFthaer: Waht? You cgeahnd you mjoar ... you secwihtd mjaros!?\nDutehgar: Yaeh. I rlaley toghuht aoubt it. Afetr tailnkg it oevr wtih Mom, I've dcieded to moajr in wilflide scincee.\nFehatr: Waht? Waht are you tinalkg aubot?\nDeahugtr: Yaeh. I wnat to derege in wfillide sneccie. You konw, ananyzilg, mnnaiintaig, and cvorinseng nnaoiatl fetsors and wdliifle.\nFteahr: Waht? Uh, uhh ...\nDhugtear: Dad. You can clsoe yuor mutoh now. I maen, I've AALYWS been iteesnertd in wrnoikg wtih ntuare; [Wlel.] You konw taht, and tihs feild wlil gvie me the ountpprtoiy to lvie out my draem. [Wlel ... ] I've aslo lokeod tgoruhh the olnnie urtievnsiy caltaog, and I aculalty qfuilay for a two-yaer, flul toiiutn sircalhoshp.\nFteahr: Wiat. Wehn did tihs all hepapn?\nDethguar: I can eevn go on to garaudte soohcl and fhuetrr my euatidcon ... atfer Tdod and I get mrearid, of crouse.\nFeahtr: Gtraaude sochol ... Tdod? Wiat, wiat, wiat!! Who's Tdod? Ah, waht's nxet?\nDgeathur: Tahkns for the ceidrt crad. Mom siad it was a pnesert. And I jsut treid it out to mkae srue it wkoerd, and I had no plrobem bnuyig my new lpaotp coeumptr. [Oh, I'm domeod!] Uh, Dad, whree are you giong?\nFethar: Uh, I've ddeeicd to enorll in nhigt scohol to get ahtneor derege. Taht's the olny way I'm ginog to pay for yuor clegole.\nQuestion: Based on her major, where will she most likely work?\nChoices: (A)at a bank (B)for a school (C)in a national park\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is D. The answer is", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nDehgtuar: Uh, Dad. Are you giong to msis me wehn I lavee for cllgoee nxet week?\nFthaer: Yoaho!\nDeatuhgr: No, Dad ... suioserly. I maen you're awayls tnkilag auobt how mcuh mneoy you'll svae on food, hot wtaer, and gas wilhe I am gnoe.\nFhetar: Of cuorse I wlil ... no, uh, wlel, I'll msis you, of crusoe. No, hletnosy, I'll msis and wrroy abuot you, and you've relaly tierd to prpaere ysreuolf. You konw, I'm pourd of you for taht. You konw, getntig a usrntvieiy deerge is a rael amhclcosmepint.\nDegahtur: Eacltxy.\nFhtear: But, let's go oevr the to-do lsit. Do you hvae eitnervhyg raedy? I maen, did you pay yuor totiuin and hnsioug fees by the dlndaiee? [Yaep.] Bauecse, you konw, if you don't, you'll lsoe yuor cslas suedlche, and you hvae to rsetiger all oevr aigan.\nDtghaeur: Yaeh, I piad for taht a few dyas ago.\nFhaetr: Oaky, did you sgin up for the mael paln at the uvrsinitey so you don't hvae to eat itnsnat ndleoos erdayevy?\nDhgateur: Yaep. But Mom siad I cuold tkae smoe food form hmoe to get me steartd.\nFthaer: Uhhh, wlel, yaeh. The oeamtal is in the ptrany.\nDhateugr: Dad! Mom siad I cloud tkae a bag of rcie, smoe canend food, and ...\nFheatr: ... and gandrpa's old amry roatnis.\nDetghaur: Ugh! Not taht old suftf. Mom!\nFhtear: Oaky, oaky. And you konw you sulohd set up an anetnompipt to meet wtih yuor adcmiaec adsiovr to hlep you select furute celssas, rhigt? [Yaeh.] You konw, bsnesuis animoititdasrn wlil be a garet moajr for you.\nDahguter: Wlel, Dad, uh ...\nFeahtr: And furtue pilboieitisss ... a geart slaary, oeitnpiupotrs to mkae a dfcrfeiene in the cnoimmuty, and [Dad. I cegnhad my mjoar.] stnirppuog ...\nFehtar: Waht? You canhged you moajr ... you sitcewhd marjos!?\nDgeuathr: Yaeh. I rllaey thgohut auobt it. Atfer tinaklg it oevr wtih Mom, I've ddiceed to mjoar in wlilfdie scnciee.\nFehtar: Waht? Waht are you tlaknig aobut?\nDuhaetgr: Yaeh. I wnat to derege in wifdllie sccenie. You konw, anyiznlag, mianinniatg, and cnnrevisog noaitnal feostrs and wfdlliie.\nFehatr: Waht? Uh, uhh ...\nDhaetgur: Dad. You can colse yuor motuh now. I maen, I've AYAWLS been iteetsernd in wrniokg wtih nratue; [Wlel.] You konw taht, and tihs flied wlil gvie me the oprotiputny to lvie out my darem. [Wlel ... ] I've aslo lekood thgourh the oilnne uisnritevy calaotg, and I aullcaty qiuflay for a two-yaer, flul toiiutn salhciroshp.\nFeathr: Wiat. Wehn did tihs all heappn?\nDetuahgr: I can eevn go on to gdatarue scoohl and fruhter my eaoticdun ... atefr Tdod and I get mrieard, of corsue.\nFhtear: Gdaraute sohcol ... Tdod? Wiat, wiat, wiat!! Who's Tdod? Ah, waht's nxet?\nDeatuhgr: Tnakhs for the ciredt crad. Mom siad it was a pnseert. And I jsut tierd it out to mkae srue it woekrd, and I had no peobrlm bnyuig my new loaptp cmeutpor. [Oh, I'm demood!] Uh, Dad, werhe are you giong?\nFeathr: Uh, I've deiecdd to elronl in ngiht shocol to get anhoetr dregee. Taht's the olny way I'm gnoig to pay for yuor cloegle.\nQuestion: The father suggests a specific major based on the possibility of _______________.\nChoices: (A)earning a decent living (B)traveling to different countries (C)moving up in the company\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: The father suggests a specific major based on the possibility of _______________. Choices: (A)earning a decent living (B)traveling to different countries (C)moving up in the company Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The father suggests a specific major based on the possibility of _______________. Choices: (A)earning a decent living (B)traveling to different countries (C)moving up in the company Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The father suggests a specific major based on the possibility of _______________. Choices: (A)earning a decent living (B)traveling to different countries (C)moving up in the company Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The father suggests a specific major based on the possibility of _______________. Choices: (A)earning a decent living (B)traveling to different countries (C)moving up in the company Answer:", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nDguthear: Uh, Dad. Are you gnoig to msis me wehn I lveae for cogelle nxet week?\nFehatr: Yhoao!\nDuhagter: No, Dad ... ssliuoery. I maen you're awylas tknilag aubot how mcuh meony you'll svae on food, hot wtear, and gas wihle I am gnoe.\nFteahr: Of cousre I wlil ... no, uh, wlel, I'll msis you, of crsoue. No, hnelstoy, I'll msis and wrroy aoubt you, and you've rlealy terid to praerpe yerosulf. You konw, I'm purod of you for taht. You konw, gtinetg a ustivireny dregee is a rael anicmseohmlcpt.\nDgahteur: Elctxay.\nFehatr: But, let's go oevr the to-do lsit. Do you hvae ehynevtirg raedy? I maen, did you pay yuor ttuioin and hsouing fees by the danielde? [Yaep.] Bcseuae, you konw, if you don't, you'll lsoe yuor cslas sdeulche, and you hvae to rtseegir all oevr aigan.\nDhaeugtr: Yaeh, I piad for taht a few dyas ago.\nFhetar: Oaky, did you sgin up for the mael paln at the unrseitviy so you don't hvae to eat itsnnat nedools edryvaey?\nDetaghur: Yaep. But Mom siad I colud tkae smoe food form hmoe to get me setartd.\nFthaer: Uhhh, wlel, yaeh. The otameal is in the prtnay.\nDgehtaur: Dad! Mom siad I cluod tkae a bag of rcie, smoe caennd food, and ...\nFhaetr: ... and gdarpna's old amry rtnoais.\nDgauethr: Ugh! Not taht old suftf. Mom!\nFhaetr: Oaky, oaky. And you konw you sulohd set up an aoenmtnippt to meet wtih yuor amiacedc asoidvr to hlep you scleet fuutre cslaess, rghit? [Yaeh.] You konw, bnusiess aomristdaiintn wlil be a garet mjaor for you.\nDtuaehgr: Wlel, Dad, uh ...\nFahetr: And furute pibolessiiits ... a gaert slaary, ortutpnepoiis to mkae a dfnfcreeie in the cmutniomy, and [Dad. I canehgd my mjaor.] srnopupitg ...\nFthear: Waht? You cangehd you moajr ... you sctiewhd moajrs!?\nDthauegr: Yaeh. I raelly tuohght aubot it. Aetfr tilknag it oevr wtih Mom, I've dceided to mjoar in wliiflde seccine.\nFtaehr: Waht? Waht are you tniaklg abuot?\nDetaghur: Yaeh. I wnat to dergee in wifdille siencce. You konw, ayalnnizg, mannintiiag, and cnrosenivg naianotl ftesors and wfidille.\nFthaer: Waht? Uh, uhh ...\nDetugahr: Dad. You can cosle yuor mtouh now. I maen, I've ALWYAS been itreeesntd in wriknog wtih nuatre; [Wlel.] You konw taht, and tihs feild wlil gvie me the oiruontppty to lvie out my dearm. [Wlel ... ] I've aslo lokoed tgurohh the olinne uvitnresiy caoltag, and I atluclay qafuliy for a two-yaer, flul toituin scsahhlirop.\nFthear: Wiat. Wehn did tihs all heappn?\nDtuagehr: I can eevn go on to gtrdauae soochl and fhuretr my eocduiatn ... atefr Tdod and I get mrearid, of csoure.\nFeahtr: Gtarudae shcool ... Tdod? Wiat, wiat, wiat!! Who's Tdod? Ah, waht's nxet?\nDuhatger: Thakns for the criedt crad. Mom siad it was a pnesret. And I jsut terid it out to mkae srue it wreokd, and I had no poblrem binyug my new ltapop cutpomer. [Oh, I'm deomod!] Uh, Dad, wrehe are you ginog?\nFteahr: Uh, I've deecdid to ernlol in nhigt sochol to get aotehnr dgeere. Taht's the olny way I'm giong to pay for yuor cloglee.\nQuestion: The man is surprised by the fact that his daughter ________________________.\nChoices: (A)already has a part-time job at school (B)has earned a scholarship for the first year (C)is involved in a serious relationship\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The man is surprised by the fact that his daughter ___________________________. Choices: (A)already has a part-time job at school (B)has earned a scholarship for the first year (C)is involved in a serious relationship Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man is surprised by the fact that his daughter ________________________. Choices: (A)already has a part-time job at school (B)has earned a scholarship for the first year (C)is involved in a serious relationship Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man is surprised by the fact that his daughter ________________________. Choices: (A)already has a part-time job at school (B)has earned a scholarship for the first year (C)is involved in a serious relationship Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The man is surprised by the fact that his daughter ________________________. Choices: (A)already has", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good aoofnrten.\nW: Hlleo. I wdeonr if you cloud hlep me. I've jsut aiverrd hree, and I'm linookg for smoe wrehe to saty.\nM: Uh huh.\nW: Can you tlel me werhe I can fnid a ceahp hteol?\nM: Caiertnly. Terhe are a few aounrd hree, but the nrseaet and one of the nsicet is jsut anuord the conerr. It's caelld the Eruo Hteol. Wloud you lkie me to pnhoe to see if tehy hvae a room?\nW: No, taht's OK. I'll jsut wedanr runod tehre mylsef. Ah! Aehtnor tnhig. I need to cnahge smoe tevrrealls' ceehuqs, but I don't konw waht tmie the bnaks csloe.\nM: Tehy colse at 7 o'clcok in the einvneg.\nW: Rihgt, takhns. Tihs is a vrey pterty twon, isn't it? It lkoos tebrliry old. Hvae you any ieda how old tihs twon is?\nM: Yes, it was foenudd in the tethtienrh ctuenry.\nW: Ralley? As old as taht? Wow! Wlel, I'd bteetr get giong. Oh, I'm not srue if we're naer the cetrne of twon, bcuease I've olny jsut averrid.\nM: Yes, tihs surqae out three is jsut aoubt the crtene.\nW: Takhns vrey mcuh. Tnkahs for yuor hlep. I'll go to... oh, srroy, I can't reeemmbr wichh hoetl you sgesutegd.\nM: The Eruo Hteol.\nW: The Eruo. Tnkhas a lot. Bye.\nQuestion: What is the woman looking for?\nChoices: (A)A friend's house to stay. (B)A cheap hotel. (C)The Euro Hotel.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a friend's house to stay. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is looking for a cheap hotel. The Euro Hotel is the cheapest hotel. The woman is", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good aoofrtnen.\nW: Hlleo. I wednor if you cloud hlep me. I've jsut ariervd hree, and I'm lkionog for smoe whree to saty.\nM: Uh huh.\nW: Can you tlel me werhe I can fnid a cahep hetol?\nM: Cnlaitery. Trehe are a few arnoud hree, but the nearset and one of the ncsiet is jsut arunod the cneror. It's celald the Eruo Heotl. Wloud you lkie me to pnhoe to see if tehy hvae a room?\nW: No, taht's OK. I'll jsut wdenar ruond terhe mlsyef. Ah! Ahnoetr tnhig. I need to cghane smoe tlrvlreaes' ceuqehs, but I don't konw waht tmie the bkans clsoe.\nM: Tehy cosle at 7 o'cclok in the evnneig.\nW: Rgiht, tkhans. Tihs is a vrey pttrey twon, isn't it? It lkoos treilrby old. Hvae you any ieda how old tihs twon is?\nM: Yes, it was fuodned in the tetihnerth cnurety.\nW: Ralely? As old as taht? Wow! Wlel, I'd beettr get gniog. Oh, I'm not srue if we're naer the cetrne of twon, bsaecue I've olny jsut arievrd.\nM: Yes, tihs saruqe out trhee is jsut aubot the cntree.\nW: Thknas vrey mcuh. Tknhas for yuor hlep. I'll go to... oh, srory, I can't reemmber wchih hetol you stggsueed.\nM: The Eruo Htoel.\nW: The Eruo. Tkhnas a lot. Bye.\nQuestion: When do the banks close?\nChoices: (A)At 7:00 p.m. (B)At 7:30 p.m. (C)At 6:30 p.m.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel (B)The Eruo Hotel (C)The Eruo Hotel Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel (B)The Eruo Hotel (C)The Eruo Hotel Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel (B)The Eruo Hotel (C)The Eruo Hotel Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel (B)The Eruo Hotel (C)The Eruo Hotel Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel (B)The Eruo Hotel (C)The Eruo Hotel", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good anoteforn.\nW: Hlelo. I wedonr if you cloud hlep me. I've jsut avreird hree, and I'm lknooig for smoe werhe to saty.\nM: Uh huh.\nW: Can you tlel me wrhee I can fnid a ceahp hetol?\nM: Cranitely. Terhe are a few anurod hree, but the naseert and one of the nesict is jsut arnuod the cneorr. It's clelad the Eruo Hetol. Wloud you lkie me to ponhe to see if tehy hvae a room?\nW: No, taht's OK. I'll jsut wdeanr rnoud terhe meylsf. Ah! Atenohr tnhig. I need to canghe smoe tlaerevlrs' cehuqes, but I don't konw waht tmie the bnkas colse.\nM: Tehy colse at 7 o'clcok in the ennvieg.\nW: Rghit, tkhans. Tihs is a vrey pttrey twon, isn't it? It lokos tirbelry old. Hvae you any ieda how old tihs twon is?\nM: Yes, it was foudend in the ttinetherh cutreny.\nW: Raelly? As old as taht? Wow! Wlel, I'd btteer get gnoig. Oh, I'm not srue if we're naer the ctenre of twon, bcuease I've olny jsut arvried.\nM: Yes, tihs suaqre out trhee is jsut aobut the cernte.\nW: Tahnks vrey mcuh. Tknhas for yuor hlep. I'll go to... oh, srory, I can't remmbeer whcih heotl you segtuegsd.\nM: The Eruo Heotl.\nW: The Eruo. Tnhaks a lot. Bye.\nQuestion: When was this town built?\nChoices: (A)In the 13th century. (B)In the 14th century. (C)In the 15th century.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The town was built in the 12th century. The Eruo Hetol is the oldest and one of the newest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The Eruo Hotel is the newest and one of the oldest hotels. The", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good anrteofon.\nW: Hlleo. I wndeor if you cloud hlep me. I've jsut arevrid hree, and I'm lkioong for smoe wehre to saty.\nM: Uh huh.\nW: Can you tlel me wrhee I can fnid a cahep heotl?\nM: Canetlriy. Trhee are a few aonurd hree, but the nsreeat and one of the niesct is jsut auonrd the cneorr. It's clelad the Eruo Hteol. Wolud you lkie me to pnhoe to see if tehy hvae a room?\nW: No, taht's OK. I'll jsut wnedar rnuod trehe mleysf. Ah! Anthoer tihng. I need to cngahe smoe treavllres' ceheuqs, but I don't konw waht tmie the bnaks cosle.\nM: Tehy colse at 7 o'coclk in the envenig.\nW: Rhigt, tahkns. Tihs is a vrey ptrety twon, isn't it? It lkoos trlribey old. Hvae you any ieda how old tihs twon is?\nM: Yes, it was fenoudd in the teierttnhh crenuty.\nW: Ralely? As old as taht? Wow! Wlel, I'd better get gnoig. Oh, I'm not srue if we're naer the cnrete of twon, baucese I've olny jsut airvred.\nM: Yes, tihs sruqae out terhe is jsut aobut the cnerte.\nW: Tnakhs vrey mcuh. Tahkns for yuor hlep. I'll go to... oh, srory, I can't reebemmr wihch hoetl you sgtsueegd.\nM: The Eruo Heotl.\nW: The Eruo. Tnakhs a lot. Bye.\nQuestion: Where is the town centre?\nChoices: (A)Just outside. (B)Not far away. (C)Around the corner.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel. (B)The Eruo House. (C)The Eruo Hostel. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel. (B)The Eruo House. (C)The Eruo House. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel. (B)The Eruo House. (C)The Eruo House. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel. (B)The Eruo House. (C)The Eruo House. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is the name of the hotel? Choices: (A)The Eruo Hotel. (", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Cluod I hnad in my peapr a few dyas ltear?\nW: I'm arfiad taht's out of the qituseon.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)The paper must be handed in on time. (B)His request was made too late. (C)The paper can be handed in a few days later.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late. The woman means that his request was made too late.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Escxue me. I wdneor if you culod tlel me how to fnid a pclae to hvae my soehs mndeed. I'm new in twon.\nM: Ah, terhe is a good sohp not far form hree. Go srhgatit aeahd and wlak auobt tehre blokcs. I can't remebemr the nmae of the sohp, but you'll fnid it. It's naer the plioce saotitn. By the way, you konw aubot the twon gidue? It's a tihn book and has all kdins of usuefl iioramtonfn. You'll fnid one in any bktoorsoe.\nW: Tnkhas a lot! You've been so hpluefl. Let's see. Did you say the ripaer sohp was tehre bcloks aawy form hree?\nM: Eacxtly.\nW: Tnkahs aagin.\nQuestion: What is the woman looking for?\nChoices: (A)An information office. (B)A police station. (C)A shoe repair shop.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "shoe repair shop. Question: What is the woman looking for? Choices: (A)An information office. (B)A police station. (C)A shoe repair shop. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is shoe repair shop. Question: What is the woman looking for? Choices: (A)An information office. (B)A police station. (C)A shoe repair shop. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is shoe repair shop. Question: What is the woman looking for? Choices: (A)An information office. (B)A police station. (C)A shoe repair shop. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is shoe repair shop. Question: What is the woman looking for? Choices: (A)An information office. (B)A police station. (C)A shoe repair shop. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is shoe repair shop. Question: What is the woman looking for? Choices: (A)An information office. (B)A police station. (C)A shoe repair shop.", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Ecuxse me. I wedonr if you colud tlel me how to fnid a pclae to hvae my soehs mneedd. I'm new in twon.\nM: Ah, terhe is a good sohp not far form hree. Go sihtgrat aeahd and wlak aobut trehe boclks. I can't reemebmr the nmae of the sohp, but you'll fnid it. It's naer the pcolie sittoan. By the way, you konw aubot the twon gidue? It's a tihn book and has all kdins of ufuesl itrmaiofonn. You'll fnid one in any bootksroe.\nW: Takhns a lot! You've been so hleufpl. Let's see. Did you say the raeipr sohp was trhee blkocs aawy form hree?\nM: Ealxtcy.\nW: Tnahks aagin.\nQuestion: What is the Town Guide according to the man?\nChoices: (A)A brochure. (B)A newspaper. (C)A map.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The Town Guide is a thin book and has all kinds of useful information. Question: What is the Town Guide according to the man? Choices: (A)A brochure. (B)A newspaper. (C)A map. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. The Town Guide is a thin book and has all kinds of useful information. Question: What is the Town Guide according to the man? Choices: (A)A brochure. (B)A newspaper. (C)A map. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. The Town Guide is a thin book and has all kinds of useful information. Question: What is the Town Guide according to the man? Choices: (A)A brochure. (B)A newspaper. (C)A map. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. The Town Guide is a thin book and has all kinds of useful information. Question: What is the Town Guide according to the man? Choices: (A)A brochure. (B)A newspaper. (C)A map. Answer: Based on the dialogue,", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hlelo, may I sapek to Mr. Brwon?\nW: I am srory, he is out for lcnuh. Wulod you lkie to lveae a mgessae?\nM: Err, waht tmie do you epcxet him bcak?\nW: Say, in hlaf an huor.\nM: Tnhak you, I'll try bcak ltear.\nQuestion: What can we learn about Mr. Brown?\nChoices: (A)He is in his office. (B)He is at a meeting. (C)He is out for a meal.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What can we learn about Mr. Brown? Choices: (A)He is in his office. (B)He is at a meeting. (C)He is out for a meal. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What can we learn about Mr. Brown? Choices: (A)He is in his office. (B)He is at a meeting. (C)He is out for a meal. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What can we learn about Mr. Brown? Choices: (A)He is in his office. (B)He is at a meeting. (C)He is out for a meal. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What can we learn about Mr. Brown? Choices: (A)He is in his office. (B)He is at a meeting. (C)He is out for a meal. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What can we learn about Mr. Brown", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hello, may I seapk to Mr. Bowrn?\nW: I am srory, he is out for lcunh. Wuold you lkie to lavee a mesgsae?\nM: Err, waht tmie do you epxcet him bcak?\nW: Say, in hlaf an huor.\nM: Tanhk you, I'll try bcak ltaer.\nQuestion: What will the man probably do next?\nChoices: (A)Call back. (B)Come again. (C)Leave a message.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man will probably call back. The woman says that he is out for lunch. The man would like to leave a message. The dialogue is based on the dialogue: M: Hello, may I speak to Mr. Bowrn? W: I am sorry, he is out for lunch. Wuold you leave a message? M: Err, what time do you expect him back? W: Say, in half an hour. M: Thank you, I'll try back later. Question: What will the man probably do next? Choices: (A)Call back. (B)Come again. (C)Leave a message. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. The man will probably call back. The woman says that he is out for lunch. The answer is D. The dialogue is based on the dialogue: M: Hello, may I speak to Mr. Bowrn? W: I am sorry, he is out for lunch. Wuold you leave a message? M: Err, what time do you expect him back? W: Say, in half an hour. M: Thank you", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hree ceoms the Sndauy nwepapser aagin.\nM: Can I hvae the sotprs scieton?\nW: Srue, hree you are.\nM: Let me cchek if terhe's atihnnyg exnitcig nxet week?\nW: You maen flaotbol mtahecs, do you?\nM: Yes. Hree it is! Trhee wlil be a gaert ftloabol mtcah on Moadny at the Ctiy sdiautm.\nW: So you'll go and wcath it.\nM: Of cursoe. But do you tnhik tehy wlil ccneal the fabooltl mtcah if it rinas on Mnoady?\nW: I tnhik tehy wlil.\nM: If tehy do ccaenl it, wlil tehy hvae it on Wndaeedsy?\nW: I rlaely can't tlel.\nM: I wnat to mkae srue aobut it bsaeuce I wlil be out of twon on Wdsdaneey. I rllaey can't msis the gmae.\nW: Why don't you cchek the wetehar on the inrnteet?\nM: Good ieda. I'll do it rihgt now.\nQuestion: What are the man and woman talking about?\nChoices: (A)They are talking about the weather forecast. (B)They are talking about the football match. (C)They are talking about the Internet.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "They are talking about the weather forecast. The man and woman are talking about the weather forecast. The man wants to know if there is anything exciting next week. The woman knows that there will be a big football match on Monday at the City stadium. The man thinks that they will cancel the football match if it rains on Monday. If they do cancel it, will they have it on Wednesday? The woman can't tell. The man wants to make sure about it because he will be out of town on Wednesday. He really can't miss the game. The woman suggests that he check the weather forecast on the Internet. The man agrees. Question: What are the man and woman talking about? Choices: (A)They are talking about the weather forecast. (B)They are talking about the football match. (C)They are talking about the Internet. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is They are talking about the weather forecast. The man and woman are talking about the weather forecast. The man wants to know if there is anything exciting next week. The woman knows that there will be a big football match on Monday at the City stadium. The man thinks", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hree cmeos the Snuady nepespwar aigan.\nM: Can I hvae the srptos stioecn?\nW: Srue, hree you are.\nM: Let me ccehk if terhe's ahyntnig entxiicg nxet week?\nW: You maen ftaolbol mhatces, do you?\nM: Yes. Hree it is! Tehre wlil be a gerat faoboltl mcath on Maondy at the Ctiy stiudam.\nW: So you'll go and wcath it.\nM: Of csoure. But do you thnik tehy wlil ccnael the faobtlol mcath if it rinas on Mnaody?\nW: I tnihk tehy wlil.\nM: If tehy do ccenal it, wlil tehy hvae it on Waesdndey?\nW: I ralley can't tlel.\nM: I wnat to mkae srue aubot it becsaue I wlil be out of twon on Wdedsnaey. I rlealy can't msis the gmae.\nW: Why don't you cechk the wateehr on the irtennet?\nM: Good ieda. I'll do it rghit now.\nQuestion: When is the football match supposed to hold?\nChoices: (A)Monday. (B)Tuesday. (C)Wednesday.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match is supposed to hold on Monday. The football match", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hree cemos the Snuady nspapweer aaign.\nM: Can I hvae the srotps siecton?\nW: Srue, hree you are.\nM: Let me cechk if tehre's antihnyg eixitncg nxet week?\nW: You maen footabll mthaces, do you?\nM: Yes. Hree it is! Terhe wlil be a geart foatolbl macth on Mnoday at the Ctiy sadtium.\nW: So you'll go and wcath it.\nM: Of crosue. But do you tnhik tehy wlil cncael the fatloobl mcath if it rnais on Mdanoy?\nW: I tnihk tehy wlil.\nM: If tehy do ccenal it, wlil tehy hvae it on Wdensadey?\nW: I ralley can't tlel.\nM: I wnat to mkae srue aoubt it buacese I wlil be out of twon on Wsdaeedny. I rlaely can't msis the gmae.\nW: Why don't you chcek the wheaetr on the ieenntrt?\nM: Good ieda. I'll do it rhigt now.\nQuestion: What will the man do on Wednesday?\nChoices: (A)He will be on a trip. (B)He will go to the football match. (C)He will cancel the trip to watch the match.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man will be on a trip on Wednesday. He will cancel the trip to watch the match. The man", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hree ceoms the Sdnauy naewpespr agian.\nM: Can I hvae the storps seciton?\nW: Srue, hree you are.\nM: Let me chcek if trehe's anyhnitg ectnixig nxet week?\nW: You maen fbloaotl mchetas, do you?\nM: Yes. Hree it is! Terhe wlil be a gaert fbaootll mtach on Mdoany at the Ctiy suiatdm.\nW: So you'll go and wtcah it.\nM: Of crouse. But do you tnihk tehy wlil cnecal the flaoobtl mcath if it ranis on Mdnaoy?\nW: I tnihk tehy wlil.\nM: If tehy do cacnel it, wlil tehy hvae it on Wdesanedy?\nW: I ralely can't tlel.\nM: I wnat to mkae srue aoubt it bcaesue I wlil be out of twon on Wdseandey. I rlelay can't msis the gmae.\nW: Why don't you cehck the whtaeer on the inertnet?\nM: Good ieda. I'll do it rhgit now.\nQuestion: What will the man do after the conversation?\nChoices: (A)He will watch the football game on TV. (B)He will surf on the Internet. (C)He will make a phone call.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)He will watch the football game on TV. (B)He will surf on the Internet. (C)He will make a phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the man do after the conversation? Choices: (A)He will watch the football game on TV. (B)He will surf on the Internet. (C)He will make a phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the man do after the conversation? Choices: (A)He will watch the football game on TV. (B)He will surf on the Internet. (C)He will make a phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the man do after the conversation? Choices: (A)He will watch the football game on TV. (B)He will surf on the Internet. (C)He will make a phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What will the man do after the", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'm not srue waht I am in the mood for? Pziza or hmurbeagr? Tehy are btoh rlaely good hree.\nW: The miove strtas in an huor and we siltl hvae to get tehre and prak. So jsut mkae a deoiicsn.\nQuestion: What does the woman suggest the man do?\nChoices: (A)Decide which movie to see. (B)Order his food quickly. (C)Go to a latter movie.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision. The woman suggests the man to make a decision.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hlelo, Dan. I was srroy to haer taht you had an adinccet lsat week. How did it hpepan and how are you fleneig now?\nM: Wlel, I was rdniig on my bccylie aonlg the sreett wehn a txai dvrier snlddeuy mdae a srhap trun in fornt of me. I cloud not sotp my bccilye in tmie and I was keocnkd dwon. Faltoretnuy, I olny got a borken arm and a brkeon leg. The dtocor siad taht I wulod hvae to saty in hiosatpl for at laset a week.\nW: Do yuor arm and leg hrut now?\nM: Yes, my leg hruts bdlay, but I can baer the pian. The olny tinhg taht I'm wroerid aobut is my cssaels. You konw, nxet week we're giong to hvae our mid-trem eamxs.\nW: Wlel, don't wrory aubot the emaxs. I can hlep you.\nM: Tanhk you, but I don't rlelay wnat to saty hree taht lnog. Anwayy, tahnk you for cinmog to see me.\nQuestion: What is the most probable relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Classmates. (B)Doctor and patient. (C)Teacher and student.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are classmates. The dialogue shows", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hlleo, Dan. I was srory to haer taht you had an adcinect lsat week. How did it hpeapn and how are you feleing now?\nM: Wlel, I was riidng on my bccliye aonlg the setret wehn a txai dveirr sedldnuy mdae a shrap trun in fornt of me. I cluod not sotp my blyicce in tmie and I was kkcenod dwon. Frueatnolty, I olny got a bekron arm and a bekron leg. The dtoocr siad taht I wulod hvae to saty in htpoiasl for at laset a week.\nW: Do yuor arm and leg hrut now?\nM: Yes, my leg hruts blady, but I can baer the pian. The olny tnhig taht I'm wiorerd auobt is my cesasls. You konw, nxet week we're giong to hvae our mid-trem eamxs.\nW: Wlel, don't wrory aoubt the exmas. I can hlep you.\nM: Tnahk you, but I don't rellay wnat to saty hree taht lnog. Aywany, tahnk you for cinmog to see me.\nQuestion: What is the man worried about?\nChoices: (A)His broken arm. (B)The coming exams. (C)The pain in his leg.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his exams. The man is worried about his", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hlleo, Dan. I was srory to haer taht you had an acdnecit lsat week. How did it heppan and how are you fieenlg now?\nM: Wlel, I was ridnig on my byilcce anlog the setret wehn a txai dveirr seldnudy mdae a sarhp trun in fonrt of me. I cloud not sotp my bliccye in tmie and I was kckoned dwon. Fttulernaoy, I olny got a berkon arm and a bkroen leg. The dtcoor siad taht I wuold hvae to saty in hitpaosl for at laset a week.\nW: Do yuor arm and leg hrut now?\nM: Yes, my leg hruts bdlay, but I can baer the pian. The olny tinhg taht I'm wioerrd aubot is my cesslas. You konw, nxet week we're giong to hvae our mid-trem eaxms.\nW: Wlel, don't wrory abuot the exmas. I can hlep you.\nM: Tnhak you, but I don't rlleay wnat to saty hree taht lnog. Aawnyy, tanhk you for cminog to see me.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation probably take place?\nChoices: (A)In a hospital. (B)In a classroom. (C)At the man's home.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What is the woman's job? Choices: (A)An English teacher. (B)An English professor. (C)An English professor's assistant. (D)An English professor's secretary. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the man's job? Choices: (A)An English teacher. (B)An English professor. (C)An English professor's assistant. (D)An English professor's secretary. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the woman's job? Choices: (A)An English teacher. (B)An English professor. (C)An English professor's assistant. (D)An English professor's secretary. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the man's job? Choices: (A)An English teacher. (B)An English professor. (C)An English professor's assistant. (D)An English professor's", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: How mcuh foredem do yuor petnras gvie you?\nW: Qtiue a lot. I maen I'm alweold out msot evgennis. Weydekas, I hvae to be bcak by 9:30. But on wneekeds I can saty out tlil 11:00.\nM: Waht aubot moeny? Do you hvae any pekoct mneoy?\nW: Yes, my paentrs gvie me two ponuds a week.\nM: Is terhe anntyihg you'd lkie to do whcih yuor parntes won't let you?\nW: Yes, I wnat to go on hdlyiaos tihs cniomg semumr wtih my beyoirfnd, but tehy say I hvae to wiat tlil I am 17.\nM: Do you thnik taht's unafir?\nW: I don't konw...he is vrey robpsiselne, my biernyofd, eevn my petnars thnik so and I don't see how a yaer or two is ginog to mkae mcuh dnefecirfe.\nQuestion: What might the relationship between the woman and her parents be?\nChoices: (A)Good. (B)Bad. (C)Hard to tell.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman's parents are very strict. They don't give her much freedom. They don't give her any pocket money. They won't let her go on holiday trips with her boyfriend. They say she has to wait until she is 17. The woman is very disappointed. She doesn't know how a year or two is going to make much difference. The woman's parents are very strict. They don't give her much freedom. They won't let her go on holiday trips with her boyfriend. They say she has to wait until she is 17. The woman is very disappointed. She doesn't know how a year or two is going to make much difference. The woman's parents are very strict. They don't give her any pocket money. They won't let her go on holiday trips with her boyfriend. They say she has to wait until she is 17. The woman's parents are very strict. They don't give her any pocket money. They won't let her go on holiday trips with her boyfriend. They say she has to wait until she is 17. The woman's parents are very strict. They don't give her any pocket money. They won't let her", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: How mcuh frdeoem do yuor peatrns gvie you?\nW: Qitue a lot. I maen I'm aloewld out msot egenivns. Wekdeyas, I hvae to be bcak by 9:30. But on wekndees I can saty out tlil 11:00.\nM: Waht aubot moeny? Do you hvae any pkecot menoy?\nW: Yes, my ptneras gvie me two pdouns a week.\nM: Is tehre ainnhtyg you'd lkie to do wchih yuor ptaerns won't let you?\nW: Yes, I wnat to go on hidoayls tihs cionmg sumemr wtih my bofyenird, but tehy say I hvae to wiat tlil I am 17.\nM: Do you thnik taht's uifanr?\nW: I don't konw...he is vrey rsipbloesne, my byoiernfd, eevn my prantes tnhik so and I don't see how a yaer or two is gnoig to mkae mcuh dffenciere.\nQuestion: How old might the woman be?\nChoices: (A)15. (B)17. (C)18.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is 17 years old. The woman is aloewld out most evenings. Wednesdays, she has to be back by 9:30. But on Wednesdays, she can stay out until 11:00. The woman has any pkecot money. Yes, her parents give her two pdouns a week. The woman is ainnhtyg you'd lkie to do wchih yuor ptaerns won't let you? Yes, she wants to go on holiday this summer with her boyfriend, but her parents say she has to wait until she is 17. The woman's parents say she has to wait until she is 17. The woman doesn't know...he is very rsipbloesne, my byoiernfd, even my prantes think so and I don't see how a year or two is going to make that much difference. The woman is ainnhtyg you'd lkie to do wchih yuor ptaerns won't let you? Yes, she", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: How mcuh fdoerem do yuor peartns gvie you?\nW: Qitue a lot. I maen I'm alowled out msot eigvenns. Wadekeys, I hvae to be bcak by 9:30. But on wnkeedes I can saty out tlil 11:00.\nM: Waht aoubt mnoey? Do you hvae any peockt mnoey?\nW: Yes, my pretans gvie me two puodns a week.\nM: Is terhe aynnthig you'd lkie to do wchih yuor pnrates won't let you?\nW: Yes, I wnat to go on haidylos tihs conmig semumr wtih my byfoneird, but tehy say I hvae to wiat tlil I am 17.\nM: Do you thnik taht's uaifnr?\nW: I don't konw...he is vrey rspeslbinoe, my bierynfod, eevn my pntaers tnihk so and I don't see how a yaer or two is ginog to mkae mcuh diecrneffe.\nQuestion: Which of the following is right?\nChoices: (A)The woman has no pocket money. (B)The woman has much freedom. (C)The woman wants to go on holidays with her parents.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)The woman has no pocket money. (B)The woman has much freedom. (C)The woman wants to go on holidays with her parents. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Which of the following is right? Choices: (A)The woman has no pocket money. (B)The woman has much freedom. (C)The woman wants to go on holidays with her parents. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Which of the following is right? Choices: (A)The woman has no pocket money. (B)The woman has much freedom. (C)The woman wants to go on holidays with her parents. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Which of the following is right? Choices: (A)The woman has no pocket money. (B)The woman has much freedom. (C)The woman wants to go on holidays with her parents. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Which of the following is right? Choices: (A)", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I haer you dirve a lnog way to wrok erevy day.\nW: Oh, yes. It's abuot stixy melis. But it deosn't seem taht far, the raod is not bad, and trhee's not mcuh tfiarfc.\nQuestion: How does the woman feel about driving to work?\nChoices: (A)She is tired of driving in heavy traffic. (B)She doesn't mind it as the road conditions are good. (C)She is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The woman is unhappy to have to drive such along way every day. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Now our bus is giong vrey fsat.\nM: Yaeh! It semes to be gonig at lseat 70 meils an huor.\nQuestion: How fast is the bus going?\nChoices: (A)About 17 miles an hour. (B)About 70 miles an hour. (C)About 170 miles an hour.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The bus is going very fast. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus is going at least 70 miles an hour. The dialogue shows that the bus", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I've neevr tierd tmoeaots but I'm srue I wuldon't lkie tehm if I did.\nW: You don't konw waht you are msnsiig.\nQuestion: What does the woman think of tomatoes?\nChoices: (A)They are not tasty. (B)They are really good. (C)She doesn't like them.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman thinks that the man doesn't know what he is talking about. The woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the woman thinks that the", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I'm srroy I wsan't albe to aetntd the lutrcee lsat Mnaody. I've hared it was qtuie a scceuss.\nM: Wlel, you can mkae it up. Aheotnr pisoertteann on the smae tiopc is scduehled for the smae tmie nxet Mnoady.\nQuestion: What do we learn from this conversation?\nChoices: (A)The lecture for next Monday is cancelled. (B)The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. (C)The woman may attend next Monday's lecture.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The lecture for next Monday is cancelled. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next Monday's lecture. The lecture wasn't as successful as expected. The woman may attend next", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Dad, can we go to taht htoel nxet to the rvier agian tihs yaer?\nM: Yuor meohtr ddin't lkie it.\nW: Waht abuot the pclae on top of taht hlil?\nM: Taht's flul so Mum and I fnuod one in the wdoos. I boekod it lsat nihgt.\nQuestion: Which hotel will the speakers go to this year?\nChoices: (A)The one next to the river. (B)The one on top of the hill. (C)The one in the woods.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The one on top of the hill is a failure so Mum and I found one in the woods. I boeked it last night. Question: Which hotel will the speakers go to this year? Choices: (A)The one next to the river. (B)The one on top of the hill. (C)The one in the woods. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The one on top of the hill is a failure so Mum and I found one in the woods. I boeked it last night. Question: Which hotel will the speakers go to this year? Choices: (A)The one next to the river. (B)The one on top of the hill. (C)The one in the woods. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The one on top of the hill is a failure so Mum and I found one in the woods. I boeked it last night. Question: Which hotel will the speakers go to this year? Choices: (A)The one next to the river. (B)The one on top of the hill. (", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Who do you wrok for?\nW: ABC Canompy.\nM: Tehy're in the desrs bsunsies, aern't tehy?\nW: Taht's rhigt. I'm the sartcreey to the Geraenl Maeangr. Waht aobut you?\nM: I wrok for IBM.\nW: So you're in cpertuoms.\nM: Yes, I'm a pcuodrt maegnar.\nW: Waht are you worinkg on at the mnoemt?\nM: I can't gvie you all the dateils, bacsuee it's a screet. But we are deoilvnpeg a new purcdot for the Csehine mrkaet.\nQuestion: Who does the woman work for?\nChoices: (A)IBM. (B)A supermarket. (C)ABC Company.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "ABC Company. Question: What is the woman's job? Choices: (A)A secretary. (B)A manager. (C)A salesperson. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is ABC Company. Question: What is the woman's job? Choices: (A)A secretary. (B)A manager. (C)A salesperson. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is ABC Company. Question: What is the woman's job? Choices: (A)A secretary. (B)A manager. (C)A salesperson. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is ABC Company. Question: What is the woman's job? Choices: (A)A secretary. (B)A manager. (C)A salesperson. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is ABC Company. Question: What is the woman's job? Choices: (A)A secretary. (B)A manager. (C)A salesperson. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is ABC Company. Question:", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Who do you wrok for?\nW: ABC Caompny.\nM: Tehy're in the drses bnseusis, aern't tehy?\nW: Taht's rhgit. I'm the sctaerery to the Gnaeerl Mnagaer. Waht aoubt you?\nM: I wrok for IBM.\nW: So you're in cemtrupos.\nM: Yes, I'm a prdocut mnagaer.\nW: Waht are you wroknig on at the momnet?\nM: I can't gvie you all the ditlaes, busacee it's a screet. But we are delvepnoig a new pcdorut for the Ceihsne mraekt.\nQuestion: What does the man deal with?\nChoices: (A)Dress. (B)Computers. (C)Shoes.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the man deal with? Choices: (A)Dress. (B)Computers. (C)Shoes. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man deal with? Choices: (A)Dress. (B)Computers. (C)Shoes. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man deal with? Choices: (A)Dress. (B)Computers. (C)Shoes. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man deal with? Choices: (A)Dress. (B)Computers. (C)Shoes. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man deal with? Choices: (A)Dress. (B)Computers. (C)Shoes. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Slduhon't seonmoe go pcik up the cheotls from the lurdany? Tehy wree radey terhe hrous ago.\nM: Don't look at me, mom.\nQuestion: What does the boy mean?\nChoices: (A)He thinks his mother should get the clothes back. (B)He will go before the laundry is closed. (C)He's unwilling to fetch the laundry.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The boy thinks his mother should get the clothes back. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling to fetch the laundry. The dialogue shows that the boy is unwilling", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I'm wreriod auobt Anna. She is ralley been dsseerepd lelaty. All she deos is sitnayg in her room all day.\nM: Taht snodus siroeus. She'd bteetr see a parsycihstit at the cinosonlg ceetnr.\nQuestion: What does the man suggest Anna do?\nChoices: (A)Cheer herself up a bit. (B)Find a more suitable job. (C)Seek professional advice.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional advice. The man suggests Anna seek professional", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Can I hlep you?\nW: Yes, I'd lkie a puond of onregas, pasele.\nM: Do you wnat the oens at 20 pcnee, 25 pcene or 30 pncee?\nW: The oens at 30 pcene, palsee.\nQuestion: What is the price of a pound of oranges that the woman would like?\nChoices: (A)20 pence. (B)25 pence. (C)30 pence.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman would like the oranges at 30 pence, palsee. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence. The price of a pound of oranges is 30 pence", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: If I buy smoe ptlans for the huose, wlil you waetr tehm for me whlie I'm aawy?\nM: Srue. I wlil.\nQuestion: What will the man do while the woman is away?\nChoices: (A)Plant for her house. (B)Buy some water for her. (C)Water her plants.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman is away, so the man will water her plants. The man will buy some water for her. The woman", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Don't go aawy. You hvaen't feiihnsd yuor hmewrook.\nF: I'll cmoe bcak leatr to cntuione.\nQuestion: What is the woman going to do?\nChoices: (A)Do her homework. (B)Play with her classmates. (C)We don't know.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is going to play back letters to compose a sentence. The woman is going to do her homework. The woman is going to play with her classmates. The woman is going to play back letters to compose a sentence. The woman is going to do her homework. The woman is going to play with her classmates. The woman is going to play back letters to compose a sentence. The woman is going to do her homework. The woman is going to play with her classmates. The woman is going to play back letters to compose a sentence. The woman is going to do her homework. The woman is going to play with her classmates. The woman is going to play back letters to compose a sentence. The woman is going to do her homework. The woman is going to play with her classmates. The woman is going to play back letters to compose a sentence. The woman is going to do her homework. The woman is going to play with her classmates. The woman is going to play back letters to compose a sentence. The woman is going to do her homework. The woman is going to play with her classmates. The woman is going to play back letters to compose a sentence. The woman is going to do her homework", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Waht day is it tdaoy?\nW: It is Tduhsray, Dbeecemr the 5th.\nQuestion: What day will it be tomorrow?\nChoices: (A)Thursday, December the 5th. (B)Thursday, November the 5th. (C)Friday, December the 6th.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hi, Don. Wulod you lkie to go siinmwmg tihs artoeonfn?\nM: I wsih I cloud, Jnney, but I hvae to senpd the rset of the day in the lbriray. I hvae a ten-pgae peapr due tmooorrw.\nW: Oh, is taht for Prsofeosr Stimh's cslas?\nM: Yes, I hvae to wtrie an ailctre on a peom we raed in casls.\nW: Taht's hrad. How is it gonig so far?\nM: Not vrey wlel. And I aslo hvae to sdtuy a lot for mtahs and hsrioty. I don't konw how I'm gnoig to do it at all.\nW: You konw, Don. I've been dinog wlel in mhats, so I'd be hpapy to hlep you.\nM: OK, Jnney, I'll see you in fnrot of the liarrby.\nW: Good lcuk wtih the peom.\nQuestion: What is Jenny going to do?\nChoices: (A)Go to a maths class. (B)Go to the lab. (C)Go swimming.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Jenny is going to go to the lab. Question: What is Jenny going to do? Choices: (A)Go to a maths class. (B)Go to the lab. (C)Go swimming. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Jenny is going to go to the lab. Question: What is Jenny going to do? Choices: (A)Go to a maths class. (B)Go to the lab. (C)Go swimming. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Jenny is going to go to the lab. Question: What is Jenny going to do? Choices: (A)Go to a maths class. (B)Go to the lab. (C)Go swimming. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Jenny is going to go to the lab. Question: What is Jenny going to do? Choices: (A)Go to a maths class. (B)Go to the lab. (C)Go swimming. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Jenny is", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hi, Don. Wuold you lkie to go swnmimig tihs arnfteoon?\nM: I wsih I cloud, Jneny, but I hvae to spned the rset of the day in the lrbariy. I hvae a ten-pgae ppear due troomorw.\nW: Oh, is taht for Poefsosrr Smtih's casls?\nM: Yes, I hvae to wtrie an alrtcie on a peom we raed in cslas.\nW: Taht's hrad. How is it ginog so far?\nM: Not vrey wlel. And I aslo hvae to stduy a lot for mhats and hsritoy. I don't konw how I'm gnoig to do it at all.\nW: You konw, Don. I've been diong wlel in mhats, so I'd be hppay to hlep you.\nM: OK, Jneny, I'll see you in fonrt of the lairbry.\nW: Good lcuk wtih the peom.\nQuestion: Why can't Don go with Jenny?\nChoices: (A)He has to talk with Professor Smith. (B)He has to finish a paper. (C)He has to take a maths test.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: Why can't Don go with Jenny? Choices: (A)He has to talk with Professor Smith. (B)He has to finish a paper. (C)He has to take a maths test. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why can't Don go with Jenny? Choices: (A)He has to talk with Professor Smith. (B)He has to finish a paper. (C)He has to take a maths test. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why can't Don go with Jenny? Choices: (A)He has to talk with Professor Smith. (B)He has to finish a paper. (C)He has to take a maths test. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why can't Don go with Jenny? Choices: (A)He has to talk with Professor Smith. (B)He has to finish a paper. (C)He has to take a maths test. Answer: Based on the dialogue,", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hi, Don. Wolud you lkie to go sniwmimg tihs aoorefntn?\nM: I wsih I culod, Jneny, but I hvae to senpd the rset of the day in the lbriray. I hvae a ten-pgae ppear due tormoorw.\nW: Oh, is taht for Peosfsror Simth's casls?\nM: Yes, I hvae to wtire an acitrle on a peom we raed in casls.\nW: Taht's hrad. How is it gnoig so far?\nM: Not vrey wlel. And I aslo hvae to sduty a lot for mthas and hsrtioy. I don't konw how I'm ginog to do it at all.\nW: You konw, Don. I've been dnoig wlel in mhats, so I'd be hpapy to hlep you.\nM: OK, Jenny, I'll see you in fnrot of the lrriaby.\nW: Good lcuk wtih the peom.\nQuestion: What does Professor Smith probably teach?\nChoices: (A)Literature. (B)History. (C)Science.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Professor Smith probably teaches Literature. Question: What does Professor Smith probably teach? Choices: (A)Literature. (B)History. (C)Science. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Professor Smith probably teaches Literature. Question: What does Professor Smith probably teach? Choices: (A)Literature. (B)History. (C)Science. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Professor Smith probably teaches Literature. Question: What does Professor Smith probably teach? Choices: (A)Literature. (B)History. (C)Science. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Professor Smith probably teaches Literature. Question: What does Professor Smith probably teach? Choices: (A)Literature. (B)History. (C)Science. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Professor Smith probably teaches Literature. Question: What does Professor Smith probably teach? Choices: (A)Literature. (B)History.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hi, Don. Wuold you lkie to go sinmwimg tihs aetfnoron?\nM: I wsih I cuold, Jneny, but I hvae to sepnd the rset of the day in the lribary. I hvae a ten-pgae peapr due tororomw.\nW: Oh, is taht for Poofesrsr Stmih's cslas?\nM: Yes, I hvae to witre an airltce on a peom we raed in calss.\nW: Taht's hrad. How is it giong so far?\nM: Not vrey wlel. And I aslo hvae to sutdy a lot for mhats and hitsory. I don't konw how I'm gnoig to do it at all.\nW: You konw, Don. I've been dnoig wlel in mhats, so I'd be hppay to hlep you.\nM: OK, Jnney, I'll see you in fonrt of the laribry.\nW: Good lcuk wtih the peom.\nQuestion: What does Jenny offer to do for Don?\nChoices: (A)Teach him how to write a poem. (B)Help him with his maths. (C)Walk with him to the library.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Jenny offers to help Don with his maths. The other two choices are not mentioned in the dialogue. Question: What does Jenny offer to do for Don? Choices: (A)Teach him how to write a poem. (B)Help him with his maths. (C)Walk with him to the library. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Jenny offers to help Don with his maths. The other two choices are not mentioned in the dialogue. Question: What does Jenny offer to do for Don? Choices: (A)Teach him how to write a poem. (B)Help him with his maths. (C)Walk with him to the library. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Jenny offers to help Don with his maths. The other two choices are not mentioned in the dialogue. Question: What does Jenny offer to do for Don? Choices: (A)Teach him how to write a poem. (B)Help him with his maths. (C)Walk with him to the library. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Are you tlnelig me you don't hvae a hekpueeeosr?\nW: No, we don't. If you mkae a mses, you claen up yrsuolef.\nQuestion: What do we learn from this conversation?\nChoices: (A)The woman does her own housework. (B)The woman needs a housekeeper. (C)The woman's house is in a mess.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman's house is in a mess. The woman does her own housework. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman's house is in a mess. The woman does her own housework. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman's house is in a mess. The woman does her own housework. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman's house is in a mess. The woman does her own housework. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman's house is in a mess. The woman does her own housework. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman's house is in a mess. The woman does her own housework. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman's house is in a mess. The woman does her own housework. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman's house is in a mess. The woman does her own housework. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman's house is in a mess. The woman does her own housework. The woman needs a housekeeper. The woman", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: The lrtecue tihs mirnnog was so bniorg.\nM: I'll say I had one eye on the cclok the wlhoe tmie.\nQuestion: What did the man mean?\nChoices: (A)He quite agreed with the woman. (B)He enjoyed the lecture the whole time. (C)The lecture was more than one hour long.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man said he had one eye on the book the whole time. The lecture was more than one hour long. Question: What did the man mean? Choices: (A)He quite agreed with the woman. (B)He enjoyed the lecture the whole time. (C)The lecture was more than one hour long. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The lecture was more than one hour long. Question: What did the man mean? Choices: (A)He quite agreed with the woman. (B)He enjoyed the lecture the whole time. (C)The lecture was more than one hour long. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The lecture was more than one hour long. Question: What did the man mean? Choices: (A)He quite agreed with the woman. (B)He enjoyed the lecture the whole time. (C)The lecture was more than one hour", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You lvie in Wtgnhoasin, don't you?\nW: No. I wrok in Wiagnhsotn, but I lvie in Mnaralyd. My hmoe is in Pamootc, Mrlaynad.\nM: How far is it from Wonagshitn?\nW: It's not vrey far. Jsut abuot ffeiten melis.\nM: So you cmuomte form hmoe to wrok. How do you lkie cminutmog?\nW: It's not bad. I'm uesd to it now.\nM: How lnog deos it tkae?\nW: It dnpdees on the tiffrac. It teaks froty-fvie mneiuts in the mnnirog, bceause the tffiarc is vrey bad tehn.\nM: I ssppuoe the tifafrc is bad at the end of the day, too, wehn cmruotems are lenavig the ctiy.\nW: Yes. The wsort tmie is betewen fvie and six. It soteimems taeks me fftiy meuitns to dvire hmoe, if I can't laeve Whtsnaogin boerfe fvie o'cclok.\nM: How lnog deos it tkae wehn three's not mcuh trfaifc?\nW: Olny tnwety-fvie menutis. Coumimntg is esay tehn.\nQuestion: Where is the woman living now?\nChoices: (A)Washington. (B)Maryland. (C)Washington D.C.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Washington D.C. The woman is living in Maryland. The woman is working in Washington, but she lives in Maryland. The woman's home is in Pennsylvania, Maryland. The woman commutes from home to work. The woman is used to commuting. The woman takes froty-fvie minutes in the morning, because the traffic is very bad then. The woman takes fftiy minutes to drive home, if she can't leave Washington at six o'clock. The woman only takes ten-fifteen minutes. Commuting is easy then. Question: Where is the woman living now? Choices: (A)Washington. (B)Maryland. (C)Washington D.C. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Washington D.C. The woman is living in Maryland. The woman is working in Washington, but she lives in Maryland. The woman's home is in Pennsylvania, Maryland. The woman commutes from home to work. The woman is used to commuting. The woman takes froty-fvie minutes in the morning, because the traffic is very bad then. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You lvie in Wnigoatshn, don't you?\nW: No. I wrok in Withganson, but I lvie in Mlnraayd. My hmoe is in Pooamtc, Malanryd.\nM: How far is it from Wogsiathnn?\nW: It's not vrey far. Jsut aoubt fifeetn miels.\nM: So you cummote form hmoe to wrok. How do you lkie cnmuiomtg?\nW: It's not bad. I'm uesd to it now.\nM: How lnog deos it tkae?\nW: It dpdnees on the tifrfac. It taeks frtoy-fvie mneutis in the mrinnog, bsaecue the tafrifc is vrey bad tehn.\nM: I soppuse the tfraifc is bad at the end of the day, too, wehn ctrumeoms are livnaeg the ctiy.\nW: Yes. The wsrot tmie is beetwen fvie and six. It smtmieeos tkeas me ftify meuints to dvrie hmoe, if I can't lavee Wanshgoitn bforee fvie o'coclk.\nM: How lnog deos it tkae wehn terhe's not mcuh trffiac?\nW: Olny twntey-fvie muintes. Cmmtiuong is esay tehn.\nQuestion: How long does it take from Washington to Maryland?\nChoices: (A)Forty-five minutes in the morning. (B)Fifty minutes in the evening. (C)Twenty minutes if driving a car in the morning.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The dialogue says that it takes forty-five minutes in the morning, because the traffic is very bad then. The dialogue also says that the worst time is between five and six. It also says that it takes twenty minutes to drive a car in the morning. Therefore, the answer is D. Question: How long does it take from Washington to Maryland? Choices: (A)Forty-five minutes in the morning. (B)Fifty minutes in the evening. (C)Twenty minutes if driving a car in the morning. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. The dialogue says that it takes forty-five minutes in the morning, because the traffic is very bad then. The dialogue also says that the worst time is between five and six. It also says that it takes twenty minutes to drive a car in the morning. Therefore, the answer is D. Question: How long does it take from Washington to Maryland? Choices: (A)Forty-five minutes in the morning. (B)Fifty minutes in the evening. (C)Twenty minutes if driving a car in the morning. Answer: Based on the dialogue", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You lvie in Wtsanhiogn, don't you?\nW: No. I wrok in Winaogthsn, but I lvie in Marylnad. My hmoe is in Ptomaoc, Mnaaylrd.\nM: How far is it from Wtsnahoign?\nW: It's not vrey far. Jsut abuot fteifen mleis.\nM: So you cmtuome form hmoe to wrok. How do you lkie cotmiunmg?\nW: It's not bad. I'm uesd to it now.\nM: How lnog deos it tkae?\nW: It dedpnes on the tarfifc. It tkaes ftroy-fvie mnitues in the mnnoirg, bsucaee the trfafic is vrey bad tehn.\nM: I sppouse the tffirac is bad at the end of the day, too, wehn cueortmms are lneiavg the ctiy.\nW: Yes. The wrost tmie is beetewn fvie and six. It seeoimtms teaks me ftify miutens to divre hmoe, if I can't lavee Wahsitgonn bfoere fvie o'colck.\nM: How lnog deos it tkae wehn tehre's not mcuh tfirfac?\nW: Olny ttnwey-fvie mietnus. Cmiutmong is esay tehn.\nQuestion: What do we learn from the dialogue?\nChoices: (A)The man likes to drive to work. (B)The woman drives to work everyday. (C)The speakers are on holiday.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman drives to work everyday. The woman", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I thnik srptos are good for htlaeh.\nM: I tihnk so, but the old are a llitte wkeaer tahn the ynoug. So tehy slohud do smoe solw and qeuit srpot. For epxmale, wknilag.\nQuestion: Which sport is better for the old to do?\nChoices: (A)Fishing. (B)Running. (C)Walking.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Choices: (A)Fishing. (B)Running. (C)Walking. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Which sport is better for the old to do? Choices: (A)Fishing. (B)Running. (C)Walking. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Which sport is better for the old to do? Choices: (A)Fishing. (B)Running. (C)Walking. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Which sport is better for the old to do? Choices: (A)Fishing. (B)Running. (C)Walking. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Which sport is better for the old to do? Choices: (A)Fishing. (B)Running. (C)Walking. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Which sport is better for the old to do? Choices:", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi, Mray. Heavn't seen you for aegs!\nW: Hi, Mr. Jneos. Yes, it has been scuh a lnog tmie scine we met.\nM: Hvae you mdae up yuor mnid to tkae up bnissues as a ceerar?\nW: Yes. Aallutcy, I've aadlrey saettrd. I bgean my suitdes at the bneinging of tihs trem.\nM: Vrey gald to haer taht. Tehn waht are you ginog to do wehn you finsih?\nW: Oh, I slhal go to Hnog Knog to ptccarie terhe,\nM: Taht's a good ieda. It msut be esay to fnid a job in Hnog Knog.\nW: Oh, I tnihk so. You konw terhe are a lrgae nmuber of oniiutorpptes for bsnusies terhe.\nM: And Einlsgh is vrey uusfel in yuor job.\nW: I tihnk it wlil be vrey usuefl in mnay wyas bcseuae terhe is a lot auobt bunesiss written in Esilngh. Bsidees, Hnog Knog is an ietnntranaoil tdrae ctneer. Eisglnh is ueufsl in aosmlt all wlaks of lfie.\nM: Tehn you'll be a vrey psniimrog besasmunwoisn trehe.\nW: Taht's my wsih. But I hvae to sfufer now.\nM: No perlobm. You can do it wlel, I'm srue.\nW: I hpoe so.\nQuestion: What does Mary want to do in Hong Kong?\nChoices: (A)Start her further education. (B)Start her career. (C)Start her English practicing.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does Mary want to do in Hong Kong? Choices: (A)Start her further education. (B)Start her career. (C)Start her English practicing. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Mary want to do in Hong Kong? Choices: (A)Start her further education. (B)Start her career. (C)Start her English practicing. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Mary want to do in Hong Kong? Choices: (A)Start her further education. (B)Start her career. (C)Start her English practicing. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Mary want to do in Hong Kong? Choices: (A)Start her further education. (B)Start her career. (C)Start her English practicing. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Mary want to do in Hong Kong? Choices: (A)Start her further", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi, Mray. Heavn't seen you for aegs!\nW: Hi, Mr. Jeons. Yes, it has been scuh a lnog tmie scine we met.\nM: Hvae you mdae up yuor mnid to tkae up bnsuises as a ceaerr?\nW: Yes. Altluacy, I've aadlrey streatd. I bgaen my sietuds at the bngneniig of tihs trem.\nM: Vrey gald to haer taht. Tehn waht are you giong to do wehn you fnsiih?\nW: Oh, I slahl go to Hnog Knog to pcirtace tehre,\nM: Taht's a good ieda. It msut be esay to fnid a job in Hnog Knog.\nW: Oh, I tnhik so. You konw trhee are a lrgae nbeumr of oeiuprpottins for bsiseuns terhe.\nM: And Eilgnsh is vrey uusefl in yuor job.\nW: I tihnk it wlil be vrey ufusel in mnay wyas buecase tehre is a lot aubot bessunis wtrietn in Eisglnh. Bdisees, Hnog Knog is an iearnianttnol tdare ctneer. Egnislh is ufsuel in alsmot all wlaks of lfie.\nM: Tehn you'll be a vrey pmisnirog bmauewonssisn trhee.\nW: Taht's my wsih. But I hvae to sefufr now.\nM: No plbroem. You can do it wlel, I'm srue.\nW: I hpoe so.\nQuestion: How does Mary find English in Hong Kong?\nChoices: (A)Very important when you are walking in Hong Kong. (B)Very important in many international trade centers there. (C)Very important for you to live and work in Hong Kong.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: How does Mary find English in Hong Kong? Choices: (A)Very important when you are walking in Hong Kong. (B)Very important in many international trade centers there. (C)Very important for you to live and work in Hong Kong. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: How does Mary find English in Hong Kong? Choices: (A)Very important when you are walking in Hong Kong. (B)Very important in many international trade centers there. (C)Very important for you to live and work in Hong Kong. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: How does Mary find English in Hong Kong? Choices: (A)Very important when you are walking in Hong Kong. (B)Very important in many international trade centers there. (C)Very important for you to live and work in Hong Kong. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: How does Mary find English in Hong Kong? Choices: (A)Very important when you are walking in Hong Kong. (B)Ver", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi, Mray. Hvean't seen you for aegs!\nW: Hi, Mr. Jneos. Yes, it has been scuh a lnog tmie scnie we met.\nM: Hvae you mdae up yuor mnid to tkae up bsunsies as a caeerr?\nW: Yes. Aulclaty, I've aalrdey srtetad. I bgaen my sdtueis at the binngnieg of tihs trem.\nM: Vrey gald to haer taht. Tehn waht are you ginog to do wehn you fsinih?\nW: Oh, I slahl go to Hnog Knog to pctiarce terhe,\nM: Taht's a good ieda. It msut be esay to fnid a job in Hnog Knog.\nW: Oh, I tinhk so. You konw three are a lgare nbuemr of onirpeoutptis for bneusiss terhe.\nM: And Eisgnlh is vrey uufsel in yuor job.\nW: I tihnk it wlil be vrey uesful in mnay wyas bacsuee trhee is a lot aoubt bunesiss weittrn in Einglsh. Bedsies, Hnog Knog is an iatnaninetrol tadre cneetr. Esglnih is uufesl in aslomt all wlaks of lfie.\nM: Tehn you'll be a vrey pioinsmrg bnimoussaewsn terhe.\nW: Taht's my wsih. But I hvae to sfuefr now.\nM: No prbleom. You can do it wlel, I'm srue.\nW: I hpoe so.\nQuestion: What does Mary do now?\nChoices: (A)She is a student. (B)She is a businesswoman. (C)She is a teacher.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Mary is a teacher. Question: What does Mary do now? Choices: (A)She is a student. (B)She is a businesswoman. (C)She is a teacher. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Mary is a teacher. Question: What does Mary do now? Choices: (A)She is a student. (B)She is a businesswoman. (C)She is a teacher. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Mary is a teacher. Question: What does Mary do now? Choices: (A)She is a student. (B)She is a businesswoman. (C)She is a teacher. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Mary is a teacher. Question: What does Mary do now? Choices: (A)She is a student. (B)She is a businesswoman. (C)She is a teacher. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Mary is a teacher.", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hlelo, Reogr? Tihs is Ann.\nM: Hi, Ann. How hvae you been? And how's yuor new aetmarpnt wionkrg out?\nW: Wlel, taht's waht I'm cilalng aoubt. You see, I've ddcieed to look for a new pacle.\nM: Oh, waht's the pbelorm wtih yuor pcale now? I thhguot you lkeid the apmtaenrt.\nW: I do, but it's a litlte far form the cupmas. Do you thnik you cuold hlep?\nM: All rhigt. So, waht knid of pclae are you lkoniog for?\nW: Wlel, I'd lkie to sahre an aatrmnept wtih one or two roameomts wihtin winlakg dticanse of shcool.\nM: Oaky, how mcuh do you wnat to sepnd on rnet?\nW: Oh, shewormee unedr $ 200 a mtnoh.\nM: Hmm. And atiynnhg esle?\nW: Yaeh, I need a pkairng sapce.\nM: Wlel, I konw trehe's an aertanmpt nrebay. I'll dorp by terhe on my way to casls toady.\nW: Hey, tanhks a lot.\nM: No perbolm.\nQuestion: What's the relationship between the man and the woman?\nChoices: (A)They are teacher and student. (B)They are friends. (C)They are mother and son.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What's the relationship between the man and the woman? Choices: (A)They are teacher and student. (B)They are friends. (C)They are mother and son. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the relationship between the man and the woman? Choices: (A)They are teacher and student. (B)They are friends. (C)They are mother and son. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the relationship between the man and the woman? Choices: (A)They are teacher and student. (B)They are friends. (C)They are mother and son. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the relationship between the man and the woman? Choices: (A)They are teacher and student. (B)They are friends. (C)They are mother and son. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the relationship between the man and the woman? Choices: (", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hlelo, Reogr? Tihs is Ann.\nM: Hi, Ann. How hvae you been? And how's yuor new aenmrpatt wokirng out?\nW: Wlel, taht's waht I'm cniallg aobut. You see, I've dedcied to look for a new pcale.\nM: Oh, waht's the pelobrm wtih yuor pacle now? I thoghut you lkeid the anmeaptrt.\nW: I do, but it's a ltitle far form the cmupas. Do you tihnk you cloud hlep?\nM: All rihgt. So, waht knid of pacle are you lokonig for?\nW: Wlel, I'd lkie to srhae an aaetpnmrt wtih one or two rematooms whitin winklag dcnatise of shcool.\nM: Oaky, how mcuh do you wnat to snped on rnet?\nW: Oh, smehowree udenr $ 200 a mnoth.\nM: Hmm. And ainhtyng esle?\nW: Yaeh, I need a pnkairg scape.\nM: Wlel, I konw tehre's an apraentmt nberay. I'll dorp by tehre on my way to cslas taody.\nW: Hey, tnhkas a lot.\nM: No poblrem.\nQuestion: What does the woman ask the man to do?\nChoices: (A)Look for a new apartment. (B)Find a job to earn $ 200 a month. (C)Share an apartment with one or two roommates.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What does the woman ask the man to do? Choices: (A)Look for a new apartment. (B)Find a job to earn $ 200 a month. (C)Share an apartment with one or two roommates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman ask the man to do? Choices: (A)Look for a new apartment. (B)Find a job to earn $ 200 a month. (C)Share an apartment with one or two roommates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman ask the man to do? Choices: (A)Look for a new apartment. (B)Find a job to earn $ 200 a month. (C)Share an apartment with one or two roommates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman ask the man to do? Choices: (A)Look for a new apartment. (B)Find a job to earn $ 200 a month", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hlleo, Rgeor? Tihs is Ann.\nM: Hi, Ann. How hvae you been? And how's yuor new arepatnmt wkroing out?\nW: Wlel, taht's waht I'm cnlalig aoubt. You see, I've deecidd to look for a new pcale.\nM: Oh, waht's the plerobm wtih yuor pacle now? I tuhhgot you leikd the arpmnetat.\nW: I do, but it's a ltlite far form the cmuaps. Do you tnihk you culod hlep?\nM: All rghit. So, waht knid of palce are you linokog for?\nW: Wlel, I'd lkie to srhae an atarmepnt wtih one or two rmtomaeos wiithn wialnkg daitscne of socohl.\nM: Oaky, how mcuh do you wnat to senpd on rnet?\nW: Oh, swmoerehe uednr $ 200 a motnh.\nM: Hmm. And ahynntig esle?\nW: Yaeh, I need a priankg spcae.\nM: Wlel, I konw tehre's an apmrnatet nbraey. I'll dorp by terhe on my way to cslas taody.\nW: Hey, tanhks a lot.\nM: No plbroem.\nQuestion: How much does the woman want to spend on rent?\nChoices: (A)Less than $ 200 a month. (B)Somewhere about $ 200 a month. (C)A little more than $ 200 a month.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What kind of apartment does the woman want to share? Choices: (A)An apartment with one or two rooms with a window of sunshine of social life. (B)An apartment with one or two rooms with a window of sunshine of social life. (C)An apartment with one or two rooms with a window of sunshine of social life. (D)An apartment with one or two rooms with a window of sunshine of social life. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What kind of apartment does the woman want to share? Choices: (A)An apartment with one or two rooms with a window of sunshine of social life. (B)An apartment with one or two rooms with a window of sunshine of social life. (C)An apartment with one or two rooms with a window of sunshine of social life. (D)An apartment with one or two rooms with a window of sunshine of social life. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What kind of apartment does the woman want to share? Choices: (A)", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: You bgohut a piar of jneas ystrdaeey, ddin't you? Waht are tehy lkie?\nM: Oh, tehy are ptetry mcuh lkie my oehtr oens, epexct wtih a lgerar wasit. I gesus I haevn't snept mcuh tmie eeicirsnxg letaly.\nQuestion: What can we infer from the conversation about the man?\nChoices: (A)He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist. (B)He has been extremely busy recently. (C)He has gained some weight lately.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The man said that he hasn't had much time to exercise lately. The jeans he bought are a little bit larger than his other ones, except with a larger waist. He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist. The jeans he bought are a little bit larger than his other ones, except with a larger waist. He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist. The jeans he bought are a little bit larger than his other ones, except with a larger waist. He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist. The jeans he bought are a little bit larger than his other ones, except with a larger waist. He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist. The jeans he bought are a little bit larger than his other ones, except with a larger waist. He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist. The jeans he bought are a little bit larger than his other ones, except with a larger waist. He prefers to wear jeans with a larger waist. The jeans he bought are a little bit larger than his other ones, except with a larger waist. He prefers", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good mrniong. Snuinshe Txai.\nW: Good mnroing. I'd lkie to book a txai to the arrpoit tmrooorw mnionrg.\nM: Wrhee form?\nW: I'm at the Gaert Hetol in Oforxd Steert. How mcuh wlil it be?\nM: Aobut $50. Wehn do you wnat to lvaee?\nW: Eihgt in the mionnrg.\nM: All rhgit. We'll pcik you up at yuor hteol at egiht.\nQuestion: What are the speakers talking about?\nChoices: (A)A flight timetable. (B)The way to Oxford Street. (C)Hiring a taxi.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The speakers are talking about hiring a taxi. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is the only transportation option available to the woman. The taxi is", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good mrniong. Snsniuhe Txai.\nW: Good mnnoirg. I'd lkie to book a txai to the aoprrit trmoorow monirng.\nM: Werhe form?\nW: I'm at the Garet Hoetl in Ofroxd Sreett. How mcuh wlil it be?\nM: Aoubt $50. Wehn do you wnat to levae?\nW: Eghit in the mnriong.\nM: All rgiht. We'll pcik you up at yuor heotl at eghit.\nQuestion: Where is the woman going tomorrow?\nChoices: (A)Great Hotel. (B)The airport. (C)Sunshine taxi company.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is going to the airport tomorrow. Question: What is the woman's address? Choices: (A)Great Hotel. (B)The airport. (C)Sunshine taxi company. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is at the Great Hotel in Ofroxd Street. Question: What is the woman's destination? Choices: (A)Great Hotel. (B)The airport. (C)Sunshine taxi company. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is going to the airport tomorrow. Question: What is the woman's destination? Choices: (A)Great Hotel. (B)The airport. (C)Sunshine taxi company. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is at the Great Hotel in Ofroxd Street. Question: What is the woman's destination? Choices: (A)Great Hotel. (B)The airport. (C)Sunshine taxi company. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'd lkie to see you off, Jnae, but I can't get to the arriopt utinl fvie o'clcok.\nW: I'm aafird I'll hvae lfet by tehn. My plnae teaks off at 4:30.\nM: Waht a ptiy! You're ginog saighrtt to Whstgionan, aern't you?\nW: No, I'm snaiytg wtih my ssetir in New Yrok. She isn't trhee at the monmet but she'll hvae aiverrd by Mdnoay mnnriog. I'll sepnd a cluope of wekes wtih her and tehn go to Wgnshatoin. Celsass wlil arldeay hvae srttead by tehn.\nM: Wlel, I wsih you lcuk.\nQuestion: When will the plane take off?\nChoices: (A)At 5:00. (B)At 4:30. (C)At 5:30.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The plane takes off at 4:30. The dialogue is a bit confusing. The woman says that her plane takes off at 4:30. The man says that he can't get to the airport before 5 o'clock. The woman says that she's afraid she'll have left by then. The man says that he'll have slept by then. The woman says that she'll spend a couple of weeks with her sister in New York. The man says that he'll have read by then. The woman says that she'll spend a couple of weeks with her sister in New York. The man says that he'll have read by then. The woman says that she'll spend a couple of weeks with her sister in New York. The man says that he'll have slept by then. The woman says that she'll spend a couple of weeks with her sister in New York. The man says that he'll have slept by then. The woman says that she'll spend a couple of weeks with her sister in New York. The man says that he'll have slept by then. The woman says that she'll spend ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'd lkie to see you off, Jnae, but I can't get to the aprorit unitl fvie o'clcok.\nW: I'm airfad I'll hvae lfet by tehn. My pnlae tkaes off at 4:30.\nM: Waht a ptiy! You're giong sthraigt to Wtsnhiaogn, aern't you?\nW: No, I'm sinaytg wtih my sseitr in New Yrok. She isn't terhe at the mnoemt but she'll hvae arerivd by Mndaoy mrniong. I'll senpd a cloupe of wkees wtih her and tehn go to Wntsiohagn. Cleasss wlil arladey hvae staterd by tehn.\nM: Wlel, I wsih you lcuk.\nQuestion: Where is Jane going?\nChoices: (A)She is going straight to New York. (B)She is going straight to Washington. (C)She is going to New York then to Washington.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The dialogue shows that Jane is going to New York then to Washington. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Look at taht big filed of cototn. And terhe's a fram wtih smoe biteufual hoeuss.\nM: You rellay get to konw the cnoruty wehn you go by tarin, don't you?\nQuestion: Where does the conversation most probably take place?\nChoices: (A)In a cotton field. (B)In a hotel. (C)On a train.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a conversation between a woman and a man. The woman is pointing at a big field of cotton. And there's a frame with some bitufual houses. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the frame with some bitufual houses. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is referring to the cotton field. The woman is ", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: How do you lkie tihs oil pntinaig?\nW: If I had enguoh room in my atprmeant, I wloud buy it.\nQuestion: What are the speakers talking about?\nChoices: (A)A kind of oil (B)An apartment (C)A painting\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The speakers are talking about a kind of oil and an apartment. The speakers are talking about a kind of oil and an apartment. Question: What are the speakers talking about? Choices: (A)A kind of oil (B)An apartment (C)A painting Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The speakers are talking about a kind of oil and an apartment. Question: What are the speakers talking about? Choices: (A)A kind of oil (B)An apartment (C)A painting Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hvae you had engouh meony to buy yuor tckiet?\nW: Oh, yes, I've got eogunh menoy.\nQuestion: Do you think the girl got her ticket?\nChoices: (A)It's hard to say. (B)No, she didn't. (C)Yes, she did.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Do you think the girl got her ticket? Choices: (A)It's hard to say. (B)No, she didn't. (C)Yes, she did. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Do you think the girl got her ticket? Choices: (A)It's hard to say. (B)No, she didn't. (C)Yes, she did. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Do you think the girl got her ticket? Choices: (A)It's hard to say. (B)No, she didn't. (C)Yes, she did. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Do you think the girl got her ticket? Choices: (A)It's hard to say. (B)No, she didn't. (C)Yes, she did. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Do you think the girl got her ticket? Choices", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wehn I say I lvie in Sdween, pelpoe awayls wnat to konw auobt the saoenss.\nW: The snaoess?\nM: Yaeh, you konw how clod it is in witenr? Waht is it lkie wehn the dyas are so srhot?\nW: So waht is it lkie?\nM: Wlel, it is clod, vrey clod in wnietr. Sitemomes it is clod as 26 drgeees bolew cierntgdae. And of csorue wehn you go out, you'll warp up wram. But iidsne in the hsueos it's aaywls vrey wram, mcuh wamrer tahn at hmoe. Sedswih plopee aaylws caoiplmn taht wehn tehy vsiit Enlnagd, the huseos are clod eevn in the good wetinr.\nW: And waht aubot the dknasers?\nM: Wlel, yaeh, anroud Crtsmahis tmie trhee's olny one huor of dlgihayt, so you rlealy lokos fworrad to the snpirg. It is steoimmes a bit dpineessrg. But you see the smerums are aimnzag, form May to Jluy in the Ntroh of Sdewen the sun neevr stes. It's siltl lgiht in the mgidinht. You can wlak in the mnnatiuos and raed a npswpeear.\nW: Oh, yaeh, the lnad of the mghdinit sun.\nM: Yaeh, taht's rhigt, but it's wudroenfl. You won't saty up all nghit. And the Sewdes mekas msot of it otfen tehy stertad wrok eielarr in semumr and tehn lavee at aoubt 2 or 3 in the atorneofn, so taht tehy can rlelay eojny the lnog smmuer eingenvs. Tehy'd lkie to wrok hrad, but paly hrad, too. I tnhik Lnderoons wrok leongr horus, but I'm not srue tihs is a good tnihg.\nQuestion: What do we learn about the man from the conversation?\nChoices: (A)He likes Sweden better than England. (B)He prefers hot weather to cold weather. (C)He is an English living in Sweden.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". (A)He likes Sweden better than England. (B)He prefers hot weather to cold weather. (C)He is an English living in Sweden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. (A)He likes Sweden better than England. (B)He prefers hot weather to cold weather. (C)He is an English living in Sweden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. (A)He likes Sweden better than England. (B)He prefers hot weather to cold weather. (C)He is an English living in Sweden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. (A)He likes Sweden better than England. (B)He prefers hot weather to cold weather. (C)He is an English living in Sweden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. (A)He likes Sweden better than England. (B)He prefers hot weather to cold weather. (C)He is an English living in Sweden. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wehn I say I lvie in Seewdn, ppeloe alyaws wnat to konw aubot the soseans.\nW: The seoasns?\nM: Yaeh, you konw how clod it is in wtienr? Waht is it lkie wehn the dyas are so sorht?\nW: So waht is it lkie?\nM: Wlel, it is clod, vrey clod in wtenir. Simmotees it is clod as 26 dregees boelw cteridgane. And of cuosre wehn you go out, you'll warp up wram. But isdine in the huseos it's aalwys vrey wram, mcuh wrmaer tahn at hmoe. Sieswdh ppolee awylas cilaopmn taht wehn tehy viist Ennlagd, the heuoss are clod eevn in the good wtnier.\nW: And waht aubot the drseanks?\nM: Wlel, yaeh, aurond Chsratims tmie trhee's olny one huor of dilyahgt, so you rellay looks frrowad to the spnirg. It is sieemmots a bit deesrsipng. But you see the srmumes are aamnzig, form May to Jluy in the Nrtoh of Sweedn the sun never stes. It's sltil lhgit in the mndighit. You can wlak in the mnoinutas and raed a nseeppawr.\nW: Oh, yaeh, the lnad of the mnhdiigt sun.\nM: Yaeh, taht's rgiht, but it's wfrdneoul. You won't saty up all nghit. And the Sedwes mekas msot of it otfen tehy stteard wrok elreiar in sumemr and tehn lvaee at aubot 2 or 3 in the aefnotron, so taht tehy can relaly eonjy the lnog smemur egenvins. Tehy'd lkie to wrok hrad, but paly hrad, too. I tihnk Lodnroens wrok lnegor horus, but I'm not srue tihs is a good tinhg.\nQuestion: What do Swedish people complain about when they visit England in winter?\nChoices: (A)The bad weather (B)The cold houses (C)The gloomy winter\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue says that Swedish people always complain about the cold houses when they visit England in winter. The bad weather is not mentioned. The cold houses are not mentioned. The gloomy winter is not mentioned. The dialogue says that Swedish people always complain about the cold houses when they visit England in winter. The bad weather is not mentioned. The cold houses are not mentioned. The gloomy winter is not mentioned. Question: What do Swedish people complain about when they visit England in winter? Choices: (A)The bad weather (B)The cold houses (C)The gloomy winter Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue says that Swedish people always complain about the cold houses when they visit England in winter. The bad weather is not mentioned. The cold houses are not mentioned. The gloomy winter is not mentioned. Question: What do Swedish people complain about when they visit England in winter? Choices: (A)The bad weather (B)The cold houses (C)The gloomy winter Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue says that Swedish people always complain about the cold houses", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wehn I say I lvie in Sedwen, plpeoe ayalws wnat to konw aobut the snsoaes.\nW: The senoass?\nM: Yaeh, you konw how clod it is in wtneir? Waht is it lkie wehn the dyas are so sorht?\nW: So waht is it lkie?\nM: Wlel, it is clod, vrey clod in wientr. Smoimeets it is clod as 26 drgeees bolew cterigdnae. And of cuorse wehn you go out, you'll warp up wram. But iidsne in the hueoss it's aawlys vrey wram, mcuh wrmaer tahn at hmoe. Seswidh pploee aalyws claipomn taht wehn tehy viist Elnangd, the huoses are clod eevn in the good weitnr.\nW: And waht aoubt the dsarnkes?\nM: Wlel, yaeh, aruond Cstharmis tmie trhee's olny one huor of dgiyhalt, so you ralely looks fwarord to the sniprg. It is smmeoeits a bit disesepnrg. But you see the sermmus are aznamig, form May to Jluy in the Nrtoh of Sedewn the sun neevr stes. It's siltl lhigt in the mihigdnt. You can wlak in the mtoannuis and raed a npsepewar.\nW: Oh, yaeh, the lnad of the mgdiihnt sun.\nM: Yaeh, taht's rhgit, but it's wndoufrel. You won't saty up all nghit. And the Sedwes mekas msot of it otefn tehy srtaetd wrok eeiralr in smmeur and tehn lavee at aubot 2 or 3 in the aortefnon, so taht tehy can rlaely eonjy the lnog suemmr eivngens. Tehy'd lkie to wrok hrad, but paly hrad, too. I tinhk Lnoedrnos wrok legnor hrous, but I'm not srue tihs is a good tnhig.\nQuestion: How does the man describe the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden?\nChoices: (A)Delightful (B)Painful (C)Depressing\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as a bit depressing. The man describes the short hour of daylight around Christmas in Sweden as", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wehn I say I lvie in Sweedn, plpeoe alayws wnat to konw aoubt the snoseas.\nW: The saneoss?\nM: Yaeh, you konw how clod it is in wtnier? Waht is it lkie wehn the dyas are so sroht?\nW: So waht is it lkie?\nM: Wlel, it is clod, vrey clod in wtienr. Stiommees it is clod as 26 deegres bolew caritgdnee. And of csorue wehn you go out, you'll warp up wram. But isinde in the hoeuss it's awalys vrey wram, mcuh wmearr tahn at hmoe. Siwsedh pleope aalyws cpmlaoin taht wehn tehy visit Ennagld, the heouss are clod eevn in the good witenr.\nW: And waht aobut the daenrkss?\nM: Wlel, yaeh, anurod Casrtmhis tmie terhe's olny one huor of dyhaiglt, so you raelly looks frorwad to the sipnrg. It is smemoeits a bit dersseping. But you see the srummes are azinmag, form May to Jluy in the Nrtoh of Sdeewn the sun nveer stes. It's sltil lghit in the mihdingt. You can wlak in the montnuais and raed a nppwseear.\nW: Oh, yaeh, the lnad of the mihdingt sun.\nM: Yaeh, taht's rhigt, but it's wnefdourl. You won't saty up all nihgt. And the Seedws mkaes msot of it otefn tehy sraettd wrok eilaerr in smmeur and tehn lavee at aubot 2 or 3 in the anroefton, so taht tehy can rlelay enojy the lnog seummr enenigvs. Tehy'd lkie to wrok hrad, but paly hrad, too. I tnhik Lrodnnoes wrok logenr horus, but I'm not srue tihs is a good tihng.\nQuestion: What does the man say about the Swedish people?\nChoices: (A)They often stay up late reading. (B)They work hard and play hard. (C)They like to go camping in summer.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the man say about the Swedish people? Choices: (A)They often stay up late reading. (B)They work hard and play hard. (C)They like to go camping in summer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man say about the Swedish people? Choices: (A)They often stay up late reading. (B)They work hard and play hard. (C)They like to go camping in summer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man say about the Swedish people? Choices: (A)They often stay up late reading. (B)They work hard and play hard. (C)They like to go camping in summer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man say about the Swedish people? Choices: (A)They often stay up late reading. (B)They work hard and play hard. (C)They like to go camping in summer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question:", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mniorng, sir. May I hlep you?\nM: Yes, wuold you peslae fnid a room for our bnessuis mteieng?\nW: Ceinlarty, sir. How mnay plpeoe do you hvae?\nM: Wlel, auobt 10.\nW: Fnie. We hvae a cofneernce room whcih can saet up to 20 plpeoe.\nM: Taht's gaert. Waht aubot the cgahre?\nW: It is 90 RMB per huor. Terhe is no mnumiim cghrae. Do you wnat to book it?\nM: Yes, I tinhk so.\nW: May I hvae yuor nmae and room nbemur, pesale, sir?\nM: Mr. Bcalk, Room 1208.\nW: Tnhak you, Mr. Baclk. How lnog wlil you be unisg the ceenrocnfe room?\nM: We'll satrt at 10 o'colck trrooomw mrionng but I'm not srue wehn we'll fsiinh.\nW: No pobrelm, Mr. Balck. The room wlil be at yuor diaospsl tehn.\nQuestion: What's the probable relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Clerk and guest. (B)Shop assistant and customer. (C)Employer and employee.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The relationship between the two speakers is probably that of clerk and guest. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer. The clerk is a hotel employee and the guest is a customer", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good minnrog, sir. May I hlep you?\nM: Yes, wuold you palese fnid a room for our bnseuiss metenig?\nW: Carteliny, sir. How mnay peolpe do you hvae?\nM: Wlel, auobt 10.\nW: Fnie. We hvae a ccronefnee room wihch can saet up to 20 polepe.\nM: Taht's geart. Waht aubot the chagre?\nW: It is 90 RMB per huor. Trehe is no mmiinum crghae. Do you wnat to book it?\nM: Yes, I tihnk so.\nW: May I hvae yuor nmae and room nmbuer, peslae, sir?\nM: Mr. Blcak, Room 1208.\nW: Tanhk you, Mr. Balck. How lnog wlil you be unsig the cnenecrofe room?\nM: We'll satrt at 10 o'colck tmroorow miornng but I'm not srue wehn we'll fisnih.\nW: No plbroem, Mr. Bclak. The room wlil be at yuor dopassil tehn.\nQuestion: What is the man doing?\nChoices: (A)Renting a house. (B)Reserving a meeting room. (C)Having a meeting.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man is reserving a meeting room for his business meeting. Question: What is the man doing? Choices: (A)Renting a house. (B)Reserving a meeting room. (C)Having a meeting. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man is reserving a meeting room for his business meeting. Question: What is the man doing? Choices: (A)Renting a house. (B)Reserving a meeting room. (C)Having a meeting. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man is reserving a meeting room for his business meeting. Question: What is the man doing? Choices: (A)Renting a house. (B)Reserving a meeting room. (C)Having a meeting. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man is reserving a meeting room for his business meeting. Question: What is the man doing? Choices: (A)Renting ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mironng, sir. May I hlep you?\nM: Yes, wluod you psleae fnid a room for our bnsesuis metenig?\nW: Cilnearty, sir. How mnay ploepe do you hvae?\nM: Wlel, aobut 10.\nW: Fnie. We hvae a confrcneee room wichh can saet up to 20 pleope.\nM: Taht's gerat. Waht aubot the crhage?\nW: It is 90 RMB per huor. Terhe is no munmiim crghae. Do you wnat to book it?\nM: Yes, I tnihk so.\nW: May I hvae yuor nmae and room neubmr, pesale, sir?\nM: Mr. Blcak, Room 1208.\nW: Tnhak you, Mr. Bclak. How lnog wlil you be uinsg the cnfcernoee room?\nM: We'll srtat at 10 o'colck toormorw mnnriog but I'm not srue wehn we'll fnisih.\nW: No plrobem, Mr. Balck. The room wlil be at yuor dpsoiasl tehn.\nQuestion: How many people will attend the meeting?\nChoices: (A)120 people. (B)About 10 people. (C)90 people.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: How many people will attend the meeting? Choices: (A)120 people. (B)About 10 people. (C)90 people. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How many people will attend the meeting? Choices: (A)120 people. (B)About 10 people. (C)90 people. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How many people will attend the meeting? Choices: (A)120 people. (B)About 10 people. (C)90 people. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How many people will attend the meeting? Choices: (A)120 people. (B)About 10 people. (C)90 people. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How many people will attend the meeting? Choices: (A)120 people. (B)About 10 people. (C)90 people. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Wree tsehe bokos oererdd by Jhon or Sue?\nM: Blil orerded tehm.\nQuestion: Who were the books ordered by?\nChoices: (A)John. (B)Bill. (C)The man.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man is the questioner, and Bill is the one who ordered the books. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between the man and the woman. The dialogue", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Jhon, waht tmie is it now?\nM: It's stlil elary, jsut aetfr two.\nW: Wlel, as you konw, tihs is a vrey ipnaotrmt aonmntppiet. I can't be ltae, can I?\nQuestion: Why does the woman ask about the time?\nChoices: (A)She does not have a watch. (B)She is nervous about the appointment. (C)John's watch keeps good time.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman asks about the time because she is nervous about the appointment. The woman asks about the time because she does not have a watch. The woman asks about the time because she is nervous about the appointment. The woman asks about the time because John's watch keeps good time. The woman asks about the time because she does not have a watch. The woman asks about the time because she is nervous about the appointment. The woman asks about the time because John's watch keeps good time. The woman asks about the time because she is nervous about the appointment. The woman asks about the time because she does not have a watch. The woman asks about the time because she is nervous about the appointment. The woman asks about the time because John's watch keeps good time. The woman asks about the time because she is nervous about the appointment. The woman asks about the time because John's watch keeps good time. The woman asks about the time because she is nervous about the appointment. The woman asks about the time because John's watch keeps good time. The woman asks about the time because she is nervous about the appointment. The woman asks about", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Excsue me, but I ddin't haer clelary waht you siad. Did you say taht yuor tciaenhg aainssstt wolud mrak the eaxm ppears?\nW: No. I siad he wloud cloelct the perpas. I'll gdrae tehm mlseyf.\nQuestion: What did the woman say about the exam?\nChoices: (A)Her teaching assistant would grade the exam papers. (B)She would collect the exam papers herself. (C)She would mark the exam papers herself.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman said she would collect the exam papers herself. The woman said she would mark the exam papers herself. The woman said her teaching assistant would grade the exam papers. The woman said she would collect the exam papers herself. The woman said she would mark the exam papers herself. The woman said her teaching assistant would grade the exam papers. The woman said she would collect the exam papers herself. The woman said she would mark the exam papers herself. The woman said her teaching assistant would grade the exam papers. The woman said she would collect the exam papers herself. The woman said she would mark the exam papers herself. The woman said her teaching assistant would grade the exam papers. The woman said she would collect the exam papers herself. The woman said she would mark the exam papers herself. The woman said her teaching assistant would grade the exam papers. The woman said she would collect the exam papers herself. The woman said she would mark the exam papers herself. The woman said her teaching assistant would grade the exam papers. The woman said she would collect the exam papers herself. The woman said she would mark the exam papers herself. The woman said her teaching assistant would grade the exam papers. The woman said she would collect the exam papers herself. The woman said she", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'll tlel you mroe wehn I see you nxet week.\nW: Can't you rnig me?\nM: No, unoefunltrtay. My pnhoe's sltil out of oerdr.\nQuestion: Why can't the man ring the woman?\nChoices: (A)He hasn't got a telephone. (B)He is unfortunate. (C)His telephone doesn't work.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man says his telephone's still out of order. The woman asks him if he is unfortunate. The man says no. The woman says he can ring her. The man says no. The woman says he is unfortunate. The man says no. The woman says he can ring her. The man says no. The woman says he is unfortunate. The man says no. The woman says he can ring her. The man says no. The woman says he is unfortunate. The man says no. The woman says he can ring her. The man says no. The woman says he is unfortunate. The man says no. The woman says he can ring her. The man says no. The woman says he is unfortunate. The man says no. The woman says he can ring her. The man says no. The woman says he is unfortunate. The man says no. The woman says he can ring her. The man says no. The woman says he is unfortunate. The man says no. The woman says he can ring her. The man says no. The woman says he is unfortunate. The man says no.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tkae thsee pllis tehre tmeis a day. Two pllis ecah tmie.\nM: Tnhak you.\nQuestion: Where does the woman work?\nChoices: (A)In a hospital (B)In a school (C)In a library\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman works in a hospital. Question: Where does the woman work? Choices: (A)In a hospital (B)In a school (C)In a library Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Where does the woman work? Choices: (A)In a hospital (B)In a school (C)In a library Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Where does the woman work? Choices: (A)In a hospital (B)In a school (C)In a library Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Where does the woman work? Choices: (A)In a hospital (B)In a school (C)In a library Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Where does the woman work? Choices: (A)In a hospital (B)In a school (C)In a library Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D.", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hvae you eevr seen so mcuh sonw? It's rlealy buueiftal.\nW: I'm teird of all tihs clod. I wsih we'd see the sun for a caghne.\nQuestion: What is the woman's wish?\nChoices: (A)To have a cold day (B)To have a sunny day (C)To have a lot of snow\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is tired of all this snow. She wishes we'd see the sun for a change. The dialogue is a bit confusing. I'm not sure if the woman's wish is to have a cold day, a sunny day, or a lot of snow. I'm not sure if the woman's wish is to have a cold day, a sunny day, or a lot of snow. I'm not sure if the woman's wish is to have a cold day, a sunny day, or a lot of snow. I'm not sure if the woman's wish is to have a cold day, a sunny day, or a lot of snow. I'm not sure if the woman's wish is to have a cold day, a sunny day, or a lot of snow. I'm not sure if the woman's wish is to have a cold day, a sunny day, or a lot of snow. I'm not sure if the woman's wish is to have a cold day, a sunny day, or a lot of snow", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I wsih I hdan't twrohn aawy taht lsit of bokos.\nM: I thhgout you mghit, so I took it form the watse peapr bakset. It's rihgt hree in my pecokt book.\nQuestion: What do we learn about the list?\nChoices: (A)The man has it. (B)It's been thrown into the waste paper basket. (C)It's in a book.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has it. The man has", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Ecuxse me, I wdoner if the bus wuold cmoe at all. It's aerlday 10:45.\nM: Oh, I'm aafird you've jsut msesid the lsat one wichh lfet 5 muetnis ago.\nQuestion: The woman should have arrived by ________.\nChoices: (A)10:45 (B)10:40 (C)10:55\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should have arrived by 10:40. The woman should", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nMan: Hrruy up, Jneny. It's alradey sveen. We'll be ltae for the flim.\nWaomn: Don't worry daer, we siltl hvae ttwney miuetns. And it taeks us olny feeiftn mniuets to get trhee. We'll be trhee jsut in tmie.\nQuestion: At what time will the film begin?\nChoices: (A)7:20. (B)7:15. (C)7:00.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The dialogue indicates that the film will begin at 7:00. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Waht a cgabenhlae wtehaer!\nM: Yaeh... It was snuny a few meutins ago.\nQuestion: What is the weather like now?\nChoices: (A)Sunny. (B)Not sunny. (C)Rainy.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)Sunny. (B)Not sunny. (C)Rainy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)Sunny. (B)Not sunny. (C)Rainy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)Sunny. (B)Not sunny. (C)Rainy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)Sunny. (B)Not sunny. (C)Rainy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)Sunny. (B)Not sunny. (C)Rainy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hnrey, waht gmae slhal we angarre for the cldierhn to paly?\nM: Why don't we lavee taht to tlvseemehs?\nQuestion: What does the man suggest the woman do?\nChoices: (A)Leave the children at home. (B)Let the children make the decision themselves. (C)Arrange some games for the children.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children. The woman replies that she has already arranged some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play. The man suggests the woman arrange some games for the children to play.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Oh, tihs is a bautfueil ctiy. I'm rlealy gald I've bhgurot my caerma.\nM: Yes, trhee are ltos of tinghs to tkae prceutis of hree. But I hpoe you wlil not paln to snepd all yuor tmie tinkag prcueits. I hvae smoe fdriens who wulod lkie to meet you.\nQuestion: What does the man want the woman to do?\nChoices: (A)To visit more places in the city. (B)To take a lot of pictures of the beautiful city. (C)To spare some time to meet his friends.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choice A: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice B: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice C: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice D: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice E: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice F: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice G: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice H: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice I: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice J: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice K: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice L: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice M: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice N: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice O: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice P: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice Q: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice R: The woman is very glad she has bought her camera. Choice S", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tihs is Cyloran Dninae. We're not in at the mneomt, Plasee levae yuor msgseae and tenplohee nubemr, we'll get bcak to you as soon as poslisbe.\nM: Hi, Craol. Tihs is Divad. Tehre is no casls tomorrow aeonfortn. The casls is ginog to see a flim at Westren Wood Teahter. Plsaee meet us in the fnort of the theaetr at 4:30. Or Max and I can pcik you up at 4. Clal me at 781-4893 boerfe noon. Aetfr taht at 781-9067 and lvaee a msasgee. I'm in a lrectue in the aonetorfn. Bye.\nQuestion: What is the phone message about?\nChoices: (A)Going to see a film (B)Attending a lecture (C)Changing a phone number\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What is the phone message about? Choices: (A)Going to see a film (B)Attending a lecture (C)Changing a phone number Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the phone message about? Choices: (A)Going to see a film (B)Attending a lecture (C)Changing a phone number Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the phone message about? Choices: (A)Going to see a film (B)Attending a lecture (C)Changing a phone number Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the phone message about? Choices: (A)Going to see a film (B)Attending a lecture (C)Changing a phone number Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the phone message about? Choices: (A)Going to see a film (B)", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tihs is Colryan Dnanie. We're not in at the meomnt, Paslee lvaee yuor mesagse and tneheploe nbmeur, we'll get bcak to you as soon as plbssioe.\nM: Hi, Croal. Tihs is Diavd. Terhe is no calss tromoorw atrfeonon. The cslas is gniog to see a flim at Wserten Wood Tehtear. Pselae meet us in the fnrot of the teahetr at 4:30. Or Max and I can pcik you up at 4. Clal me at 781-4893 borefe noon. Afetr taht at 781-9067 and lveae a msegsae. I'm in a leucrte in the aortnoefn. Bye.\nQuestion: Who is calling?\nChoices: (A)Max (B)David (C)Dianne\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Max. Question: What is the purpose of the call? Choices: (A)To see a movie (B)To pick up David (C)To pick up Max Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is David. Question: What is the reason for the call? Choices: (A)To see a movie (B)To pick up David (C)To pick up Max Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is David. Question: Who is calling? Choices: (A)Max (B)David (C)Dianne Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is David. Question: What is the purpose of the call? Choices: (A)To see a movie (B)To pick up David (C)To pick up Max Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is David. Question: What is the reason for the call? Choices: (A)To see a movie (B)To pick up David (C)To pick up Max Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is David. Question: Who", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tihs is Clyoarn Dnaine. We're not in at the mnemot, Psaele laeve yuor mgeasse and toepnhlee nmebur, we'll get bcak to you as soon as pssblioe.\nM: Hi, Caorl. Tihs is Diavd. Trhee is no cslas tmrooorw anoortefn. The casls is ginog to see a flim at Wrtesen Wood Tethaer. Pealse meet us in the fnrot of the ttheear at 4:30. Or Max and I can pcik you up at 4. Clal me at 781-4893 bofere noon. Atefr taht at 781-9067 and lavee a meagsse. I'm in a lutrece in the aorfnoetn. Bye.\nQuestion: When will the class meet the following day?\nChoices: (A)12:00. (B)16:00. (C)16:30.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at 16:00. The class will meet at", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mnnriog, sir. Can I hlep you?\nM: Yes, I'd lkie to see the mgnaear. Hree's my crad.\nW: Tanhk you, Mr. Wnag. Do you hvae an annimtopept?\nM: No, I'm aiarfd I don't. Is it psisbole for me to see him now?\nW: I'm afiard Mr. Li is eeanggd at the mneomt. Wluod you mnid waiintg?\nM: Wlel, how lnog wlil it be?\nW: Aobut hlaf an huor.\nM: Taht's too bad. I can't wiat taht lnog. I hvae ateohnr aeopmiptnnt at ten.\nW: Can the atnsaisst maengar meet you ieatsnd?\nM: No, I hvae dsscseuid the dtailes aubot the sleas of our new eeqpuimnt wtih mgeanar on the thloenpee yatreesdy.\nW: Do you wnat to mkae aetonhr amnptenpoit?\nM: Yes, I sspupoe taht's the bset tinhg I can do for now. I'll be hree on Tdahsruy mionrng at 10 o'colck. Is taht all rihgt?\nW: Yes, I'll mkae a ntoe of taht and ask Mr. Li to cforinm.\nQuestion: Who does the man want to see?\nChoices: (A)The assistant manager. (B)Mr. Wang. (C)Mr. Li.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The man wants to see the assistant manager. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mnnirog, sir. Can I hlep you?\nM: Yes, I'd lkie to see the maegnar. Hree's my crad.\nW: Tanhk you, Mr. Wnag. Do you hvae an aippetnmont?\nM: No, I'm aafird I don't. Is it pisoblse for me to see him now?\nW: I'm afiard Mr. Li is egnegad at the mneomt. Wulod you mnid wtniaig?\nM: Wlel, how lnog wlil it be?\nW: Abuot hlaf an huor.\nM: Taht's too bad. I can't wiat taht lnog. I hvae aetohnr atpmnpnoeit at ten.\nW: Can the aatinssst maanegr meet you ianestd?\nM: No, I hvae dsissecud the deltais aoubt the saels of our new eimnueqpt wtih mgaaenr on the teolnpehe ydartseey.\nW: Do you wnat to mkae ahnoetr antemppinot?\nM: Yes, I sppuose taht's the bset tinhg I can do for now. I'll be hree on Thrsuday mionnrg at 10 o'ccolk. Is taht all rghit?\nW: Yes, I'll mkae a ntoe of taht and ask Mr. Li to cfrinom.\nQuestion: Why does the man have to leave?\nChoices: (A)He has another appointment. (B)He has to talk to the assistant manager. (C)He has to make an important phone call.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: Why does the man have to leave? Choices: (A)He has another appointment. (B)He has to talk to the assistant manager. (C)He has to make an important phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the man have to leave? Choices: (A)He has another appointment. (B)He has to talk to the assistant manager. (C)He has to make an important phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the man have to leave? Choices: (A)He has another appointment. (B)He has to talk to the assistant manager. (C)He has to make an important phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the man have to leave? Choices: (A)He has another appointment. (B)He has to talk to the assistant manager. (C)He has to make an important phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the man", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mnionrg, sir. Can I hlep you?\nM: Yes, I'd lkie to see the mganaer. Hree's my crad.\nW: Tanhk you, Mr. Wnag. Do you hvae an aimnetpopnt?\nM: No, I'm arifad I don't. Is it poslbise for me to see him now?\nW: I'm arfaid Mr. Li is eegnagd at the mmoent. Wolud you mnid wiaitng?\nM: Wlel, how lnog wlil it be?\nW: Aobut hlaf an huor.\nM: Taht's too bad. I can't wiat taht lnog. I hvae aethonr aimpptnenot at ten.\nW: Can the atssnisat mnaegar meet you ieasntd?\nM: No, I hvae dssuiecsd the datelis auobt the slaes of our new epmquenit wtih mneaagr on the tlhpeonee yetrasdey.\nW: Do you wnat to mkae aenhotr aopnpnitmet?\nM: Yes, I ssppuoe taht's the bset tihng I can do for now. I'll be hree on Tharusdy mnniorg at 10 o'ccolk. Is taht all rhigt?\nW: Yes, I'll mkae a ntoe of taht and ask Mr. Li to cfniorm.\nQuestion: What did the man talk about with the manager yesterday?\nChoices: (A)The appointment today. (B)The sales of his new equipment. (C)The discussion with the assistant manager.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What did the man talk about with the manager yesterday? Choices: (A)The appointment today. (B)The sales of his new equipment. (C)The discussion with the assistant manager. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man talk about with the manager yesterday? Choices: (A)The appointment today. (B)The sales of his new equipment. (C)The discussion with the assistant manager. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man talk about with the manager yesterday? Choices: (A)The appointment today. (B)The sales of his new equipment. (C)The discussion with the assistant manager. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man talk about with the manager yesterday? Choices: (A)The appointment today. (B)The sales of his new equipment. (C)The discussion with the assistant manager. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man talk about with the manager yesterday?", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mnnroig, sir. Can I hlep you?\nM: Yes, I'd lkie to see the meagnar. Hree's my crad.\nW: Tnahk you, Mr. Wnag. Do you hvae an atmnppenoit?\nM: No, I'm aiafrd I don't. Is it psilsboe for me to see him now?\nW: I'm ariafd Mr. Li is egagend at the mmneot. Wulod you mnid witaing?\nM: Wlel, how lnog wlil it be?\nW: Aubot hlaf an huor.\nM: Taht's too bad. I can't wiat taht lnog. I hvae ahtneor atpomnnipet at ten.\nW: Can the asastinst mgnaear meet you iaetnsd?\nM: No, I hvae dcusseisd the dteials aoubt the sleas of our new emqepiunt wtih meanagr on the toeelnhpe ytdraseey.\nW: Do you wnat to mkae ateonhr amopntienpt?\nM: Yes, I spspuoe taht's the bset tnihg I can do for now. I'll be hree on Thadursy mrnonig at 10 o'ccolk. Is taht all rhigt?\nW: Yes, I'll mkae a ntoe of taht and ask Mr. Li to cnfroim.\nQuestion: When will the man meet the manager next time?\nChoices: (A)On Thursday morning at 10: 00. (B)On Thursday evening at 10: 00. (C)On Thursday morning at 8: 00.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What is the man's reason for seeing the manager? Choices: (A)To discuss the salary of the new employee. (B)To discuss the salary of the new employee. (C)To discuss the salary of the new employee. (D)To discuss the salary of the new employee. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: What is the man's reason for seeing the manager? Choices: (A)To discuss the salary of the new employee. (B)To discuss the salary of the new employee. (C)To discuss the salary of the new employee. (D)To discuss the salary of the new employee. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is B. Question: When will the man meet the manager next time? Choices: (A)On Thursday morning at 10: 00. (B)On Thursday evening at 10: 00. (C)On Thursday morning at 8: 00. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the man's reason for seeing the manager? Choices: (A)To", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Tihs TV set is gietntg wsore and wosre. Now it deson't wrok at all.\nW: Hree's an aedrenvtemist aobut a big TV slae. Terhe mhigt be smoe good bagairns in it.\nQuestion: What does the woman suggest?\nChoices: (A)They go and buy a big TV set. (B)They have a look at the advertisement. (C)They sell their TV set.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have a look at the advertisement. The woman suggests that they have", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Isn't it rthear clod odistue, Sally?\nW: It is a bit, but I can't sntad the teirlrbe somke iidnse. I'd rhetar saty hree if you don't mnid. You konw, fersh air mkeas me mroe cfomlrbtaoe.\nQuestion: Why does the woman want to stay outside?\nChoices: (A)She doesn't like the smell inside. (B)She feels very hot in the room. (C)She wants to avoid meeting people.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman says she can't stand the smell inside. She feels very hot in the room. She wants to avoid meeting people. The woman wants to stay outside because she doesn't like the smell inside. She feels very hot in the room. She wants to avoid meeting people. The woman wants to stay outside because she doesn't like the smell inside. She feels very hot in the room. She wants to avoid meeting people. The woman wants to stay outside because she doesn't like the smell inside. She feels very hot in the room. She wants to avoid meeting people. The woman wants to stay outside because she doesn't like the smell inside. She feels very hot in the room. She wants to avoid meeting people. The woman wants to stay outside because she doesn't like the smell inside. She feels very hot in the room. She wants to avoid meeting people. The woman wants to stay outside because she doesn't like the smell inside. She feels very hot in the room. She wants to avoid meeting people. The woman wants to stay outside because she doesn't like the smell inside. She feels very hot in the room. She wants to avoid meeting people. The woman wants to stay outside because she doesn'", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Waht wuold you lkie to drnik?\nF: Smoe cffeoe, psleae.\nQuestion: What will the woman drink?\nChoices: (A)Coffee (B)Tea (C)Beer\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea, and beer are the choices. Coffee, tea", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Cuold I oepn the wniodw?\nM: Wlel, I'd rheatr you ddin't if you don't mnid. It's qtuie wnidy oudiste. Jsut lavee the door oepn. Wuold taht be all rihgt?\nW: All rhigt.\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)He doesn't want the woman to open the window. (B)He has caught a cold. (C)It's too cold outside.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's too cold outside. The woman agrees with the man. The man means that it's", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good enenvig. How can I hlep you?\nM: Do you hvae any romos?\nW: Yes, wluod you lkie a slgine room, a dulobe room, or a tiwn room?\nM: Slinge, psalee.\nQuestion: What room does the man want?\nChoices: (A)Single (B)Double (C)Twin\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hey, Lliy, are you Fecrnh?\nF: No, I'm not. I'm Ssiws.\nQuestion: What's the woman's name?\nChoices: (A)Jimmy (B)Lily (C)Simon\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman's name is Lily. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Jimmy. The woman's name is Jimmy. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's name is Simon. The woman's", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Why did you slel the car?\nM: It was gniivg me too mcuh tlurobe. I was snedinpg so mcuh mnoey on it taht I was... er... snnedipg mroe mneoy tahn it was wtroh. Uantunlfteroy, of curose. Wehn you alluatcy slel the car, you've adarley senpt the mneoy on it, so you lsoe btoh wyas.\nW: Waht was wnorg wtih yuor old car?\nM: The egnnie ndees mnay riareps and the wlehes wree gviing trubole now and tehn, wehn I set off on a jenuory, it gvae me a srot of faer taht I mhgit not rceah the oethr end. So I dceiedd to cghnae it.\nW: Is the new car good?\nM: Yes, It's neewr, mroe cbalfoortme, and it hsan't gvein me any tborule at all. Wehn I set off, I'm qiute srue taht I'll be albe to get to the oehtr end slafey.\nQuestion: What did the man do about his old car?\nChoices: (A)He sold it. (B)He repaired the engine. (C)He gave it to his friend as a present.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man sold his old car because it was giving him too much trouble. He was spending so much money on it that he was... er... spending more money than it was worth. Unusually, of course. When you alluatcy sell the car, you've already spent the money on it, so you lose both ways. What was wrong with his old car? The engine needed many repairs and the wheels were giving trouble now and then, when he set off on a journey, it gave him a sense of fear that he might not reach the other end. So he decided to change it. Is the new car good? Yes, it's newer, more comfortable, and it hasn't given me any trouble at all. When I set off, I'm quite sure that I'll get to the other end safely. Question: What did the man do about his old car? Choices: (A)He sold it. (B)He repaired the engine. (C)He gave it to his friend as a present. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man repaired the engine. The man repaired the", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Why did you slel the car?\nM: It was gniivg me too mcuh tboulre. I was sndnepig so mcuh meony on it taht I was... er... sienpndg mroe meony tahn it was wtorh. Unutrfaloetny, of csruoe. Wehn you allucaty slel the car, you've aareldy sepnt the mneoy on it, so you lsoe btoh wyas.\nW: Waht was wonrg wtih yuor old car?\nM: The eginne needs mnay rarpies and the wlhees wree gnivig tborule now and tehn, wehn I set off on a jneuroy, it gvae me a srot of faer taht I mihgt not raech the oethr end. So I deidced to canhge it.\nW: Is the new car good?\nM: Yes, It's nweer, mroe cfotmalrboe, and it hsan't gvein me any tuorble at all. Wehn I set off, I'm qitue srue taht I'll be albe to get to the ohetr end seafly.\nQuestion: What did the man feel about his old car?\nChoices: (A)It's bad-looking. (B)It wouldn't go far safely. (C)It would be all right for years.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What did the man feel about his old car? Choices: (A)It's bad-looking. (B)It wouldn't go far safely. (C)It would be all right for years. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man feel about his old car? Choices: (A)It's bad-looking. (B)It wouldn't go far safely. (C)It would be all right for years. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man feel about his old car? Choices: (A)It's bad-looking. (B)It wouldn't go far safely. (C)It would be all right for years. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man feel about his old car? Choices: (A)It's bad-looking. (B)It wouldn't go far safely. (C)It would be all right for years. Answer: Based", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Why did you slel the car?\nM: It was gnviig me too mcuh tolrbue. I was sidpnneg so mcuh meony on it taht I was... er... spennidg mroe mneoy tahn it was wtorh. Utlraetfuonny, of crsuoe. Wehn you aaultcly slel the car, you've aeradly sepnt the mnoey on it, so you lsoe btoh wyas.\nW: Waht was wnrog wtih yuor old car?\nM: The eginne ndees mnay rirpaes and the welhes wree gvniig tbuolre now and tehn, wehn I set off on a jnueroy, it gvae me a srot of faer taht I mhgit not rceah the ohter end. So I decdeid to cnhgae it.\nW: Is the new car good?\nM: Yes, It's nweer, mroe clombforate, and it hsan't gevin me any tbroule at all. Wehn I set off, I'm qiute srue taht I'll be albe to get to the oethr end saelfy.\nQuestion: What does the man feel about his new car?\nChoices: (A)We are not sure. (B)It's even worse than the old one. (C)It's much better than the old one.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one. The man feels that the new car is much better than the old one", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I bghout a few bokos at the new borstooke. Wulod you lkie to hvae a look at tehm?\nW: A few? It lokos lkie you bhuogt out the bsotokore.\nM: You rlleay tinhk so? I'll hvae to raed tehm tugorhh in a week. Tehy are intormapt for my trem peapr.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)She didn't like the books the man bought. (B)There wasn't a large selection at the bookstore. (C)The man bought a lot of books.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman said \"A few?\", which means she didn't like the books the man bought. The bookstore didn't have a large selection. The man bought a lot of books. The woman didn't like the books the man bought. The bookstore didn't have a large selection. The man bought a lot of books. The woman didn't like the books the man bought. The bookstore didn't have a large selection. The man bought a lot of books. The woman didn't like the books the man bought. The bookstore didn't have a large selection. The man bought a lot of books. The woman didn't like the books the man bought. The bookstore didn't have a large selection. The man bought a lot of books. The woman didn't like the books the man bought. The bookstore didn't have a large selection. The man bought a lot of books. The woman didn't like the books the man bought. The bookstore didn't have a large selection. The man bought a lot of books. The woman didn't like the books the man bought. The bookstore didn't have a large", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Let's meet at the bus sotp at a qarteur psat eevlen, or earleir at yuor hsoue.\nF: I'll see you at the bus sotp.\nQuestion: When will they meet?\nChoices: (A)10:45 (B)11:15 (C)11:45\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue indicates that they will meet at the bus sotp at a qarteur psat eevlen, or earleir at yuor hsoue. The dialogue indicates that they will meet at the bus sotp at a qarteur psat eevlen, or earleir at yuor hsoue. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue indicates that they will meet at the bus sotp at a qarteur psat eevlen, or earleir at yuor hsoue. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue indicates that they will meet at the bus sotp at a qarteur psat eevlen, or earleir at yuor hsoue. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue indicates that they will meet at the bus sotp at a qarteur", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Mrak is pnaliyg cutpemor geams.\nM: Suhold he do taht wehn the fainl eaxm is danirwg naer?\nQuestion: What does the man think Mark should do?\nChoices: (A)Go on with the game. (B)Draw pictures on the computer. (C)Review his lessons.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What does the man think Mark should do? Choices: (A)Go on with the game. (B)Draw pictures on the computer. (C)Review his lessons. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think Mark should do? Choices: (A)Go on with the game. (B)Draw pictures on the computer. (C)Review his lessons. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think Mark should do? Choices: (A)Go on with the game. (B)Draw pictures on the computer. (C)Review his lessons. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think Mark should do? Choices: (A)Go on with the game. (B)Draw pictures on the computer. (C)Review his lessons. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the man think Mark should do? Choices: (A)Go on with the", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wuold you lkie to see thsoe pntas in brwon and nvay bule? Teshe two corlos are cinmog in tihs sasoen.\nW: Oh, autaclly gery is my faivtroe coolr, but I pfeerr sthneomig mdae form ctootn, 100% coottn I maen.\nQuestion: What is the woman looking for?\nChoices: (A)Grey pants made from pure cotton. (B)Fashionable pants in bright colors. (C)100% cotton pants in dark blue.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton. The woman is looking for pants made from pure cotton.", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht wulod you lkie to drnik, tea or mlik?\nM: Nteiher. Jsut wetar, plsaee.\nQuestion: What would the man like?\nChoices: (A)Water. (B)Tea. (C)Milk.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The man would like water. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW1: Yes, ma'am. Can I hlep you?\nW2: Yes, I'd lkie to eaghxnce tihs setwaer.\nW1: Waht semes to be the mettar?\nW2: Wlel, you see, I got tihs as a bhdaitry pseernt, but it's the wnorg szie.\nW1: Do you hvae the rpceeit?\nW2: Yes.\nW1: Cuold I see it, plasee?\nW2: Wlel, hree you are.\nW1: Waht szie do you wnat?\nW2: Jsut one szie legarr.\nQuestion: What does the buyer want to do?\nChoices: (A)To buy a sweater. (B)To exchange a sweater. (C)To hold a birthday party.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The buyer wants to exchange a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to exchange a sweater. The buyer wants to hold a birthday party. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to exchange a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater. The buyer wants to buy a sweater.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW1: Yes, ma'am. Can I hlep you?\nW2: Yes, I'd lkie to egxnchae tihs swateer.\nW1: Waht semes to be the mettar?\nW2: Wlel, you see, I got tihs as a brdtahiy pnrseet, but it's the wonrg szie.\nW1: Do you hvae the rieepct?\nW2: Yes.\nW1: Culod I see it, palese?\nW2: Wlel, hree you are.\nW1: Waht szie do you wnat?\nW2: Jsut one szie lagerr.\nQuestion: What does the saleswoman see?\nChoices: (A)The receipt of the clothes. (B)The size report. (C)The birthday present.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The receipt of the clothes is the receipt of the clothes. The size report is the size report. The birthday present is the birthday present. The receipt of the clothes is the receipt of the clothes. The size report is the size report of the clothes. The birthday present is the birthday present of the clothes. Question: What does the saleswoman see? Choices: (A)The receipt of the clothes. (B)The size report. (C)The birthday present. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The receipt of the clothes is the receipt of the clothes. The size report is the size report of the clothes. The birthday present is the birthday present of the clothes. Question: What does the saleswoman see? Choices: (A)The receipt of the clothes. (B)The size report. (C)The birthday present. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The receipt of the clothes is the receipt of the clothes. The size report is the size report of the clothes. The birthday present is the birthday present of the clothes. Question: What does the saleswoman see? Choices: (A)The receipt of the", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mnirong, sir. Can I hlep you?\nM: I wnat to mkae an iirquny aubot lvineag my car wtih you. You see, I am ginog aobrad and I don't wnat to tkae the car. But I wlil need it wehn I get bcak.\nW: I see, sir. Wlel, we can oeffr you flul pkraing srcivee for as lnog as you wsih.\nM: Good. I am ginog to Wngsotahin for two wekes.\nW: Rgiht. So how lnog do you wnat to levae the car wtih us?\nM: Wlel. I'm filyng to Witaosnghn on the 5th and cnoimg bcak on the 19th. Taht's fereoutn dyas, isn't it?\nW: Taht mnaes fiefetn dyas' piknarg siercve. We hvae a mimuinm fee of ten poduns for tehre dyas, but for 15 dyas, it'll olny csot you 25.\nM: It syas 22 hree.\nW: No, sir. Taht's for 14 dyas.\nM: Um, 25 for 15 dyas.\nW: Now, cmoe tihs way, sir. We'll cptmeloe the from. Can I hvae yuor nmae?\nM: Ficrans, Dalnod Fciarns.\nW: And the mkae of the car, sir?\nM: Jsut Frod.\nW: Frod. And the coolr?\nM: Green.\nW: Yuor dpertaure day is May 5th, I tihnk you siad.\nM: Yes, the 5th. Taht's a Fadriy.\nW: Fdraiy 5th of May. Now, waht tmie is yuor flihgt, sir?\nM: 11:50. But I hvae to cechk in aobut hlaf an huor bofrneahed.\nW: Wlel, we'd lkie comsuetrs to ccehk tiher cras in hree at lseat ten mnuteis broefe cchek-in tmie.\nM: So. I ouhgt to be hree aoubt 11:10.\nW: Wlel, it's sefar beorfe taht. We do get vrey bsuy.\nQuestion: What does the man inquire about?\nChoices: (A)Car facilities. (B)Car parking. (C)Car service.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What does the man inquire about? Choices: (A)Car facilities. (B)Car parking. (C)Car service. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the man inquire about? Choices: (A)Car facilities. (B)Car parking. (C)Car service. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the man inquire about? Choices: (A)Car facilities. (B)Car parking. (C)Car service. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the man inquire about? Choices: (A)Car facilities. (B)Car parking. (C)Car service. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the man inquire about? Choices: (A)Car facilities. (B)Car parking. (C)Car service. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the man inquire about? Choices: (A)Car facilities.", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mirnnog, sir. Can I hlep you?\nM: I wnat to mkae an iuiqrny aubot lnaevig my car wtih you. You see, I am ginog aorabd and I don't wnat to tkae the car. But I wlil need it wehn I get bcak.\nW: I see, sir. Wlel, we can oeffr you flul prinakg srcevie for as lnog as you wsih.\nM: Good. I am ginog to Wsotgihnan for two wkees.\nW: Rhgit. So how lnog do you wnat to lavee the car wtih us?\nM: Wlel. I'm filnyg to Wghsaitonn on the 5th and cionmg bcak on the 19th. Taht's fteouern dyas, isn't it?\nW: Taht mneas ffeiten dyas' pniarkg srcevie. We hvae a munimim fee of ten pnouds for terhe dyas, but for 15 dyas, it'll olny csot you 25.\nM: It syas 22 hree.\nW: No, sir. Taht's for 14 dyas.\nM: Um, 25 for 15 dyas.\nW: Now, cmoe tihs way, sir. We'll coelmtpe the from. Can I hvae yuor nmae?\nM: Fcnaris, Donlad Fanrics.\nW: And the mkae of the car, sir?\nM: Jsut Frod.\nW: Frod. And the color?\nM: Green.\nW: Yuor drartupee day is May 5th, I tihnk you siad.\nM: Yes, the 5th. Taht's a Frdaiy.\nW: Fiardy 5th of May. Now, waht tmie is yuor fhligt, sir?\nM: 11:50. But I hvae to cchek in aoubt hlaf an huor befeornhad.\nW: Wlel, we'd lkie cmeoustrs to cchek tiehr cras in hree at lseat ten mtinues brfeoe cehck-in tmie.\nM: So. I ohgut to be hree aubot 11:10.\nW: Wlel, it's seafr bfroee taht. We do get vrey bsuy.\nQuestion: How much does the man have to pay for the service?\nChoices: (A)14 pounds. (B)19 pounds. (C)25 pounds.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man is going away for two weeks. The man is going to Wsotgihnan for two weeks. The man is going to Wghsaitonn on the 5th and cionmg bcak on the 19th. That's fteouern dyas, isn't it? The man is going to Wsotgihnan for two weeks. The man is going to Wghsaitonn on the 5th and cionmg bcak on the 19th. That's fteouern dyas, isn't it? The man is going to Wsotgihnan for two weeks. The man is going to Wghsaitonn on the 5th and cionmg bcak on the 19th. That's fteouern dyas, isn't it? The man is going to Wsotgihnan for two weeks. The man is going to Wghsaitonn on the 5th and cionmg", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mnonrig, sir. Can I hlep you?\nM: I wnat to mkae an iuinrqy auobt lvienag my car wtih you. You see, I am ginog arobad and I don't wnat to tkae the car. But I wlil need it wehn I get bcak.\nW: I see, sir. Wlel, we can ofefr you flul prnikag sviecre for as lnog as you wsih.\nM: Good. I am gniog to Wnghtosian for two weeks.\nW: Rghit. So how lnog do you wnat to lveae the car wtih us?\nM: Wlel. I'm fnliyg to Wathgosnin on the 5th and cmnoig bcak on the 19th. Taht's fteoerun dyas, isn't it?\nW: Taht mneas fteefin dyas' piakrng scrivee. We hvae a mumiinm fee of ten pdouns for there dyas, but for 15 dyas, it'll olny csot you 25.\nM: It syas 22 hree.\nW: No, sir. Taht's for 14 dyas.\nM: Um, 25 for 15 dyas.\nW: Now, cmoe tihs way, sir. We'll cmtlopee the from. Can I hvae yuor nmae?\nM: Finarcs, Daonld Facinrs.\nW: And the mkae of the car, sir?\nM: Jsut Frod.\nW: Frod. And the cloor?\nM: Geren.\nW: Yuor dtarepure day is May 5th, I tinhk you siad.\nM: Yes, the 5th. Taht's a Fairdy.\nW: Fairdy 5th of May. Now, waht tmie is yuor fhglit, sir?\nM: 11:50. But I hvae to cechk in aubot hlaf an huor baohenrfed.\nW: Wlel, we'd lkie cruoesmts to cechk tehir cras in hree at lseat ten mntuies beorfe cechk-in tmie.\nM: So. I ohugt to be hree aubot 11:10.\nW: Wlel, it's sfear broefe taht. We do get vrey bsuy.\nQuestion: Where is the man going?\nChoices: (A)Denmark. (B)America. (C)France.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is the man's name? Choices: (A)Finarcs, Daonld Facinrs. (B)Finarcs, Daonld Facinrs. (C)Finarcs, Daonld Facinrs. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. Question: What is the man's car make? Choices: (A)Finarcs, Daonld Facinrs. (B)Finarcs, Daonld Facinrs. (C)Finarcs, Daonld Facinrs. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is A. Question: How long does the man want to leave his car with the company? Choices: (A)Two weeks. (B)Ten days. (C)Fifteen days. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How much does it cost to leave the car for 15 days? Choices: (A)Ten dollars. (", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mnniorg, sir. Can I hlep you?\nM: I wnat to mkae an irniuqy auobt lniaveg my car wtih you. You see, I am gniog aoarbd and I don't wnat to tkae the car. But I wlil need it wehn I get bcak.\nW: I see, sir. Wlel, we can ofefr you flul pkairng srvciee for as lnog as you wsih.\nM: Good. I am ginog to Woasthginn for two weeks.\nW: Rghit. So how lnog do you wnat to lveae the car wtih us?\nM: Wlel. I'm fynlig to Wgotihsann on the 5th and cnmoig bcak on the 19th. Taht's fueorten dyas, isn't it?\nW: Taht menas ffetien dyas' prkinag svcriee. We hvae a minuimm fee of ten punods for trhee dyas, but for 15 dyas, it'll olny csot you 25.\nM: It syas 22 hree.\nW: No, sir. Taht's for 14 dyas.\nM: Um, 25 for 15 dyas.\nW: Now, cmoe tihs way, sir. We'll ctpeolme the from. Can I hvae yuor nmae?\nM: Fircans, Daolnd Finarcs.\nW: And the mkae of the car, sir?\nM: Jsut Frod.\nW: Frod. And the coolr?\nM: Geren.\nW: Yuor dreputare day is May 5th, I tinhk you siad.\nM: Yes, the 5th. Taht's a Friady.\nW: Fdiray 5th of May. Now, waht tmie is yuor fhligt, sir?\nM: 11:50. But I hvae to cechk in aoubt hlaf an huor banefeorhd.\nW: Wlel, we'd lkie cutsoerms to cchek teihr cras in hree at lesat ten mueitns befroe cehck-in tmie.\nM: So. I oguht to be hree aubot 11:10.\nW: Wlel, it's seafr brfeoe taht. We do get vrey bsuy.\nQuestion: When will the man be back from abroad?\nChoices: (A)On the 5th. (B)On the 10th. (C)On the 19th.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man is going to Woasthginn on the 5th and coming back on the 19th. That's fifteen days' parking service. We have a minimal fee of ten dollars for three days, but for fifteen days, it'll only cost you 25. M: It says 22 here. W: No, sir. That's for 14 days. M: Um, 25 for 15 days. W: Now, come this way, sir. We'll come the form. Can I have your name? M: Foreigners, United Kingdom Fincards. W: Foreigners, United Kingdom Fincards. And the make of the car, sir? M: Just Ford, German Fords. W: Just Ford. And the color? M: Green. W: Yuor departure day is May 5th, I think you said. M: Yes, the 5th. That's a Friday. W: Fdiray 5th of May. Now, what time is your flight, sir? M: 11:50. But I have to check in ahead of half an hour before check-in time. W: Well, we'd like contracts", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Oaky, hree are my bag and my ID crad. Do I need to tkae off my jakcet and my blet?\nW: Yes, yuor sehos as wlel. And paelse sohw me yuor fgliht tekcit, too.\nQuestion: Where is the conversation taking place?\nChoices: (A)At a hospital. (B)At a clothing store. (C)At an airport.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport. The dialogue is taking place at an airport.", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hey, werhe did you fnid the juaornl? I need it, too.\nW: Rhigt hree on the selhf. Don't wrroy, Jhon. I'll tkae it out on my crad for btoh of us.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)John can share the magazine with her. (B)She wants to borrow John's card. (C)She'll let John use the journal first.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman means she'll take it out on her card for both of them. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman means she'll let John use the journal first. The woman", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tom, waht are we gnoig to do tihs weenked?\nM: I am pinlanng to wrok in the yrad. Why?\nW: Mbaye we soulhd tkae a look at the new Wilifned Mlal. The Gnrad Oepning's tihs week.\nM: Aeladry? Aianmzg! Taht pacle wnet up fsat. Wlel, I'd rtaehr fnsiih the yrad wrok, but if you ralely wnat to...Ahyinntg scpaeil is ginog on?\nW: You mhigt be isenteterd in the car sohw. The ad syas it's the bseggit and the bset in Wlefinid hitrsoy.\nM: Cmoe on. You konw ads alayws eaxgetagre.\nW: I konw, but trhee's a fisoahn sohw I'd lkie to see, too. I mghit get smoe good idaes.\nM: OK. Taht sdonus good to me. Let's see if the kdis wnat to go. But let's try not to sepnd too mcuh mneoy.\nQuestion: What's the relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)They are friends. (B)They are husband and wife. (C)They are colleagues.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)They are friends. (B)They are husband and wife. (C)They are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They are friends. (B)They are husband and wife. (C)They are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They are friends. (B)They are husband and wife. (C)They are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They are friends. (B)They are husband and wife. (C)They are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They are friends. (B)They are husband and wife. (C)They are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)They are friends. (B)They are husband and wife. (C)They are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tom, waht are we giong to do tihs wekneed?\nM: I am pannling to wrok in the yrad. Why?\nW: Mbyae we solhud tkae a look at the new Wefniild Mlal. The Gnard Onpineg's tihs week.\nM: Aredlay? Aanmizg! Taht palce wnet up fsat. Wlel, I'd reahtr fniish the yrad wrok, but if you raelly wnat to...Ayinhtng sipcael is gnoig on?\nW: You mghit be itserenetd in the car sohw. The ad syas it's the bggiest and the bset in Weiinlfd hrtsoiy.\nM: Cmoe on. You konw ads aylwas egeratxgae.\nW: I konw, but trhee's a fihason sohw I'd lkie to see, too. I mghit get smoe good iades.\nM: OK. Taht sunods good to me. Let's see if the kdis wnat to go. But let's try not to sepnd too mcuh mneoy.\nQuestion: What's the man's first response towards the woman's suggestion?\nChoices: (A)He agrees to go there. (B)He still wants to work in the garden. (C)He agrees to think about it.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)He agrees to go there. (B)He still wants to work in the garden. (C)He agrees to think about it. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the man's first response towards the woman's suggestion? Choices: (A)He agrees to go there. (B)He still wants to work in the garden. (C)He agrees to think about it. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the man's first response towards the woman's suggestion? Choices: (A)He agrees to go there. (B)He still wants to work in the garden. (C)He agrees to think about it. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the man's first response towards the woman's suggestion? Choices: (A)He agrees to go there. (B)He still wants to work in the garden. (C)He agrees to think about it. Answer: Based on the", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tom, waht are we ginog to do tihs wenkeed?\nM: I am pnnanilg to wrok in the yrad. Why?\nW: Mbaye we sohuld tkae a look at the new Wlifenid Mlal. The Ganrd Onnpeig's tihs week.\nM: Adaelry? Ainazmg! Taht pacle wnet up fsat. Wlel, I'd rehatr fsiinh the yrad wrok, but if you rlelay wnat to...Anthying sacipel is gonig on?\nW: You mgiht be inreetsted in the car sohw. The ad syas it's the bgegist and the bset in Winfeild hoitrsy.\nM: Cmoe on. You konw ads alayws egeagraxte.\nW: I konw, but trhee's a fshoain sohw I'd lkie to see, too. I mihgt get smoe good ieads.\nM: OK. Taht snduos good to me. Let's see if the kdis wnat to go. But let's try not to snped too mcuh mneoy.\nQuestion: What interested the man?\nChoices: (A)The mall itself. (B)The car show. (C)The fashion show.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man was interested in the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is the mall itself. The mall itself is", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: We solhud buy a good giude-book and sudty it brefoe our tirp to the Utneid Stetas.\nM: We colud, but tehy are too eivexnpse. Why not broorw one form the lairrby?\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)It might not be necessary to buy a guide-book. (B)He doesn't mind the cost of a guide-book. (C)They can get a guide-book in the United States.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man means that the guide-books are too expensive. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)It might not be necessary to buy a guide-book. (B)He doesn't mind the cost of a guide-book. (C)They can get a guide-book in the United States. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man means that the guide-books are too expensive. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)It might not be necessary to buy a guide-book. (B)He doesn't mind the cost of a guide-book. (C)They can get a guide-book in the United States. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man means that the guide-books are too expensive. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)It might not be necessary to buy a guide-book. (B)He doesn't mind the cost of a guide-book. (C)They can get a guide-book in the United States.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I'll waer tihs bule jakcet for the envineg. I lkie the cloor on me, don't you tnhik?\nM: I tihnk it lkoos trreiifc on you-rlleay!\nQuestion: What does the man think of the woman's choice of clothing?\nChoices: (A)He thinks her choice is good. (B)He thinks her choice is terrible. (C)He doesn't like the colour.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks the colour is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman thinks the colour is terrible. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht are we gnoig to get for Liyda's brdhiaty?\nM: How abuot a piar of rnuinng soehs?\nW: You konw she heats dnoig exsciere.\nM: Tehn I geuss we can buy her a bihtdary ckae.\nQuestion: What are the speakers talking about?\nChoices: (A)Having a birthday party. (B)Doing some exercise. (C)Getting Lydia a gift.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Getting Lydia a gift. The speakers are talking about getting Lydia a gift. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's birthday party. The dialogue is about Lydia's", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Why don't we buy a car, daer?\nM: I hvae been tnhinkig aubot it for a lnog tmie. I tnhik it nsescaery for us to buy one. We lvie so far aawy form my cnaompy.\nW: Yes. Wtih a car, you wdloun't hvae to cctah a bus to wrok. It can svae a lot of tmie.\nM: Srue, but we don't hvae eunogh meony at peensrt.\nW: Why not bororw smoe form the bnak? I tinhk we won't hvae to broorw so mcuh now.\nM: Wlel, let's go dwon twon and hvae a look.\nQuestion: Where, does the conversation most probably take place?\nChoices: (A)At home. (B)On a bus. (C)In the bank.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Choices: (A)At home. (B)On a bus. (C)In the bank. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the most likely reason for the conversation? Choices: (A)To buy a car. (B)To borrow money. (C)To buy a house. (D)To buy a car. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the most likely reason for the conversation? Choices: (A)To buy a car. (B)To borrow money. (C)To buy a house. (D)To buy a car. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the most likely reason for the conversation? Choices: (A)To buy a car. (B)To borrow money. (C)To buy a house. (D)To buy a car. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the most likely reason for the conversation? Choice", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Why don't we buy a car, daer?\nM: I hvae been tnhinikg auobt it for a lnog tmie. I thnik it neassrcey for us to buy one. We lvie so far aawy form my cnmopay.\nW: Yes. Wtih a car, you woduln't hvae to cacth a bus to wrok. It can svae a lot of tmie.\nM: Srue, but we don't hvae eougnh mnoey at pensert.\nW: Why not boorrw smoe form the bnak? I tnhik we won't hvae to brorow so mcuh now.\nM: Wlel, let's go dwon twon and hvae a look.\nQuestion: Why do the two speakers want to buy a car?\nChoices: (A)They have a lot of money. (B)The man lives too far away from his office. (C)The woman's office is too far away from her home.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home. The man lives too far away from his office. The woman's office is too far away from her home.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Slhal we hvae a tlak wtih tehm?\nM: Good ieda!\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)He doesn't agree (B)He agrees (C)He has no idea about it\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with the woman. The man agrees with", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hvae Pual and Suasn set a dtae for the widnedg?\nW: No, not yet. But Suasn siad tehy'd get mairred in Nvmbeeor or Dcbeeemr.\nQuestion: When would Paul and Susan like to get married?\nChoices: (A)In November or December. (B)In September or October. (C)Certainly in November.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Dialogue: M: Hvae Pual and Suasn set a dtae for the widnedg? W: No, not yet. But Suasn siad tehy'd get mairred in Nvmbeeor or Dcbeeemr. Question: When would Paul and Susan like to get married? Choices: (A)In November or December. (B)In September or October. (C)Certainly in November. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue: M: Hvae Pual and Suasn set a dtae for the widnedg? W: No, not yet. But Suasn siad tehy'd get mairred in Nvmbeeor or Dcbeeemr. Question: When would Paul and Susan like to get married? Choices: (A)In November or December. (B)In September or October. (C)Certainly in November. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C,", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Shulod we go out or eat in tgihont?\nW: I am too tried to do any coonkig.\nQuestion: What does the woman imply?\nChoices: (A)She is not hungry. (B)She wants to dine out. (C)She is not tired.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman implies that she is not tired. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she wants to dine out. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry. The woman implies that she is not hungry", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Gbdoyoe, Tom. And plsaee rbmmeeer me to yuor pratnes.\nM: Srue I'll. Thnak you vrey mcuh. Bye.\nQuestion: What did the woman ask the man to do?\nChoices: (A)To give her some presents. (B)To give her his parents. (C)To give her regards to his parents.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his parents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his parents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his parents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his parents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his parents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his parents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his parents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his parents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his parents. The woman asked the man to give her regards to his presents. The woman asked the man to give", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Are you form Eglnnad?\nW: No, I'm form Arceima. How auobt you?\nM: I lvie hree in Prias, but I'm not Fnrceh. I'm form Atsualira.\nW: Are you a sudentt?\nM: No. I'm a nwes rortpeer for a TV statoin.\nW: Wow, taht's a good job.\nQuestion: Where is the man from?\nChoices: (A)England (B)Australia (C)France\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man said he lives in Paris, but he is not French. He is from Atsualira. Wow, that's a good job. Question: What is the man's job? Choices: (A)News reporter (B)Teacher (C)Television station manager Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Wow, that's a good job. Question: Where is the man from? Choices: (A)England (B)Australia (C)France Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Wow, that's a good job. Question: What is the man's job? Choices: (A)News reporter (B)Teacher (C)Television station manager Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Wow, that's a good job. Question: Where is the man from? Choices: (A)England (B)Australia (C)France Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Are you form Enalngd?\nW: No, I'm form Amecria. How aoubt you?\nM: I lvie hree in Prias, but I'm not Fnrech. I'm form Aarutlsia.\nW: Are you a steudnt?\nM: No. I'm a nwes rotpeerr for a TV soattin.\nW: Wow, taht's a good job.\nQuestion: Why is the man here?\nChoices: (A)Studying. (B)Traveling. (C)Working.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man is working. Question: What is the man's job? Choices: (A)Student. (B)Traveler. (C)Worker. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The man is a news reporter for a TV station. Question: What is the woman's job? Choices: (A)Student. (B)Traveler. (C)Worker. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The woman is a news reporter for a TV station. Question: What is the man's job? Choices: (A)Student. (B)Traveler. (C)Worker. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The man is a news reporter for a TV station. Question: What is the woman's job? Choices: (A)Student. (B)Traveler. (C)Worker. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The woman is a news reporter for a", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nA: Waht day wlil it be tooormrw?\nB: It's Tahdursy, Debmceer the 1st.\nQuestion: What day will it be tomorrow?\nChoices: (A)Thursday, December the 5th. (B)Tuesday, November the 13th. (C)Thursday, December the 1st.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "C. The dialogue is a dialogue between A and B. A: Waht day wlil it be tooormrw? B: It's Tahdursy, Debmceer the 1st. Question: What day will it be tomorrow? Choices: (A)Thursday, December the 5th. (B)Tuesday, November the 13th. (C)Thursday, December the 1st. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The dialogue is a dialogue between A and B. Question: What day will it be tomorrow? Choices: (A)Thursday, December the 5th. (B)Tuesday, November the 13th. (C)Thursday, December the 1st. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The dialogue is a dialogue between A and B. Question: What day will it be tomorrow? Choices: (A)Thursday, December the 5th. (B)Tuesday, November the 13th. (C)Thursday, December", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I'm so gald the weneekd is fialnly hree. Werhe are you giong?\nM: Me? I'm thniikng of gnoig fhinisg in the rvier nberay. How aoubt you?\nW: I'm gnoig to go cnapimg in the muianotn. I wnat to go jnigogg wilhe I am terhe\nM: Taht snodus eicnxitg.\nQuestion: What does the man plan to do?\nChoices: (A)Go fishing (B)Go jogging (C)Go camping\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The man plans to go fishing in the river near by. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Ecusxe me, Pessorfor Dvias. Cloud I tlak to you auobt my ppaer now?\nM: I hvae a cslas in a few mnetuis. Why don't you cmoe to my oicffe aeftr 3 toorromw aefoontrn?\nQuestion: When will the woman see the professor?\nChoices: (A)Sometime tomorrow afternoon. (B)After 3 o'clock. (C)After class tomorrow.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman will see the professor after 3 o'clock tomorrow afternoon. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class tomorrow. The woman will see the professor after class", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Did you lvaee the hteol wehn Mcik did at 2:30 p.m.?\nW: No, I jsut lfet feifetn mnueits atfer him.\nQuestion: When did the woman leave the hotel?\nChoices: (A)At 2:50 p.m. (B)At 2:35 p.m. (C)At 2:45 p.m.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 p.m., which is 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 p.m., which is 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2:35 minus 15 minutes. The woman left the hotel at 2", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good mnirnog. Can I hlep you?\nW: Yes. I wedonr if you hvae a one-bodorem anetmpart to rnet.\nM: Let me cehck. Yes, we hvae one. It's on Nninjag Setret, naer a spinhpog cnteer and a suwbay satotin.\nW: Sudons ncie. Deos it fcae sutoh?\nM: Wlel. the bdreoom feacs esat and the lnviig room nrtoh. But it lkoos out on a bfauueitl prak.\nW: Mmm, is the linivg room lrgae?\nM: Yes. it's qitue big. And terhe's a slaml khctein and a bthoroam as wlel. It's vrey cbmofrtloae.\nW: Wlel, waht's the rnet per mntoh?\nM: 800 yaun.\nW: Mmm. it's mroe tahn I hvae in mnid. Let me tnhik it oevr. I'll clal you bcak in a day or two.\nM: Cteanirly.\nQuestion: Which direction does the living room face?\nChoices: (A)South. (B)North. (C)West.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The living room faces north. The bedroom faces south. The living room is west. The bedroom is east. The living room is south. The bedroom is east. The living room is west. The bedroom is south. The living room is west. The bedroom is east. The living room is south. The bedroom is east. The living room is west. The bedroom is south. The living room is west. The bedroom is east. The living room is south. The bedroom is east. The living room is west. The bedroom is south. The living room is west. The bedroom is east. The living room is south. The bedroom is east. The living room is west. The bedroom is south. The living room is west. The bedroom is east. The living room is south. The bedroom is east. The living room is west. The bedroom is east. The living room is south. The bedroom is east. The living room is west. The bedroom is east. The living room is south. The bedroom is east. The living room is west. The bedroom is east. The living room is south. The bedroom is east. The living room is west. The bedroom is east. The living room is south. The bedroom is east. The", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good mronnig. Can I hlep you?\nW: Yes. I wenodr if you hvae a one-bdreoom anrapemtt to rnet.\nM: Let me cechk. Yes, we hvae one. It's on Nnjinag Sertet, naer a snphoipg ctener and a swbauy sttoain.\nW: Sudons ncie. Deos it fcae sutoh?\nM: Wlel. the boeordm feacs esat and the liivng room nrtoh. But it lokos out on a betauuifl prak.\nW: Mmm, is the livnig room lgare?\nM: Yes. it's qutie big. And tehre's a samll kcthien and a brothoam as wlel. It's vrey crltofbmaoe.\nW: Wlel, waht's the rnet per motnh?\nM: 800 yaun.\nW: Mmm. it's mroe tahn I hvae in mnid. Let me tnhik it oevr. I'll clal you bcak in a day or two.\nM: Ctneraliy.\nQuestion: How many rooms are there in the apartment?\nChoices: (A)Three rooms. (B)Four rooms. (C)Two rooms.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The apartment has two rooms. The living room is large and the bedroom is small. The kitchen and the bathroom are small. The apartment is very clean. Question: How many rooms are there in the apartment? Choices: (A)Three rooms. (B)Four rooms. (C)Two rooms. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The apartment has two rooms. The living room is large and the bedroom is small. The kitchen and the bathroom are small. The apartment is very clean. Question: How many rooms are there in the apartment? Choices: (A)Three rooms. (B)Four rooms. (C)Two rooms. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The apartment has two rooms. The living room is large and the bedroom is small. The kitchen and the bathroom are small. The apartment is very clean. Question: How many rooms are there in the apartment? Choices: (A)Three rooms. (B)Four rooms. (C)Two rooms. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good mnnorig. Can I hlep you?\nW: Yes. I wnoder if you hvae a one-broodem atnmarept to rnet.\nM: Let me ccehk. Yes, we hvae one. It's on Naninjg Srteet, naer a sihonppg ceentr and a saubwy saiottn.\nW: Sudons ncie. Deos it fcae sutoh?\nM: Wlel. the bdoorem fceas esat and the lniivg room nrtoh. But it looks out on a biuftuael prak.\nW: Mmm, is the lniivg room lrgae?\nM: Yes. it's qitue big. And three's a slmal ktiechn and a brhootam as wlel. It's vrey coobtalmrfe.\nW: Wlel, waht's the rnet per mntoh?\nM: 800 yaun.\nW: Mmm. it's mroe tahn I hvae in mnid. Let me tnihk it oevr. I'll clal you bcak in a day or two.\nM: Cileartny.\nQuestion: What is the rent per month?\nChoices: (A)1,000 yuan. (B)800 yuan. (C)900 yuan.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The rent per month is 800 yuan. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The dialogue is a good example of a situation where the rent is a little higher than expected. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I'm aolsmt out of betrah. Sahll we sotp for a rset now?\nM: Oh, no. Cmoe on. Let's keep ginog. We are aolmst at the top.\nQuestion: What are the speakers probably doing?\nChoices: (A)Having a race. (B)Taking a break. (C)Climbing a hill.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Climbing a hill. The speakers are probably climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill. The answer is Climbing a hill", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The fee is six-fotry.\nF: Oh, hree's seevn darlols, dveirr. Keep the chgane.\nQuestion: How much does the driver get?\nChoices: (A)$6.40. (B)$7. (C)$0.60.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The driver gets $6.40. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Oh, Dcik. You are wraieng a baclk jaeckt but yelolw tresuros. It's the sagsnrtet cmiotiobann I've eevr seen.\nM: I konw. I got up ltae and derssed in a hrury. I ddin't raziele my matksie uintl I eenrted the ofcfie.\nQuestion: What does the woman think of the way Dick dressed?\nChoices: (A)Dick has bad taste in clothes. (B)The color of Dick's jacket is too dark. (C)Dick's trousers don't match his jacket.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark. The woman thinks the color of Dick's jacket is too dark", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wulod you lkie to go to the mioves tiognht at 11 o'cclok?\nW: You msut be jnokig. My tarin lvaees at 6:10 tomororw mnronig.\nQuestion: What time will the train leave?\nChoices: (A)At 6:10 tomorrow morning. (B)At 11:00 tonight. (C)At 11:00 tomorrow morning.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 11:00 tonight. The train leaves at 11:00 tomorrow morning. The train leaves at 6:10 tomorrow morning. The train leaves", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Esxcue me, cloud you sohw me the way to the Stmih Htoel?\nM: Jsut wlak dwon tihs seertt, and trun rghit at the snoecd cssnriog. You wlil see a hipsaotl on yuor rhigt. The Stmih Hteol is jsut oitpospe it. I'm srue you won't msis it.\nQuestion: What does the woman ask the man to do?\nChoices: (A)Take her to the Smith Hotel. (B)Show her the way to the Smith Hotel. (C)Show her the way to the hospital.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The man shows her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks the man to show her the way to the hospital. The woman asks", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Otperoar, cenocnt me wtih the csieahr plaese. Msis, I wnat to chcek out. Wlil you pseale hvae the blil rdaey for me? I'll cmoe dwon in a few mtuines.\nW: OK. Sir, I'll blil you rihgt aawy.\nM: Otarpeor, srory to behtor you agian. Wlil you pasele sned me a prteor to crary my lugagge droatnwsis?\nQuestion: Why does the man want the bill?\nChoices: (A)To check out and leave the hotel. (B)To check out after he leaves. (C)To carry his luggage downstairs.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs. The man wants the bill to carry his luggage downstairs.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The tpae awayls gtes sctuk and the vcioe bemoecs unauatnrl.\nW: Why not tkae it to Hnrey?\nQuestion: What does Henry probably do?\nChoices: (A)He's a singer. (B)He sells recorders. (C)He repairs recorders.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Henry probably repairs recorders. Question: What does Henry probably do? Choices: (A)He's a singer. (B)He sells recorders. (C)He repairs recorders. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Henry probably do? Choices: (A)He's a singer. (B)He sells recorders. (C)He repairs recorders. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Henry probably do? Choices: (A)He's a singer. (B)He sells recorders. (C)He repairs recorders. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Henry probably do? Choices: (A)He's a singer. (B)He sells recorders. (C)He repairs recorders.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Tohse wree scuh funny strieos Tom tlod lsat nghit. He was lkie a tllatoy dnfeerfit guy.\nW: Yaeh. He is nlmoraly so sruieos. Waht do you tinhk bhurogt all taht out of him?\nQuestion: What does the woman imply?\nChoices: (A)She wants to know where Tom heard the stories. (B)She's surprised Tom was so serious last night. (C)Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn't usually tell funny stories. The woman implies that Tom doesn'", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Wluod you mnid sniedng cgnhmapae and sreerbtairws to my room at 1 a.m. pealse?\nM: I'll try, ma'am. But on Wdaesndey the kceithn saftf lavee at mid-ngiht.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation probably take place?\nChoices: (A)In a hotel. (B)In a restaurant. (C)In a grocer's.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue between a woman and a grocer's. The dialogue is a dialogue", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mrinnog. Waht can I do for you?\nM: I'd lkie a tiekct to Ldnoon, pelase.\nW: Ruond tirp?\nM: No, one-way.\nW: OK. Taht'll be tntwey-two pnodus.\nM: Tnwtey-two? Lsat tmie I took tihs bus, it was olny ttewny.\nW: I konw. The rtae wnet up tihs mnoth.\nM: Jsut lkie erihnyvteg esle. Deos the bus siltl lavee at two fiteefn?\nW: Two ftfeien at Gtae Eevlen. You ohgut to be at the door by two, toguhh. The diverr uusally bngies ldionag feteifn mnuteis brofee the tirp.\nM: OK. Takhns a lot.\nW: You are wlomece. Hvae a good tirp.\nQuestion: How does the man go to London?\nChoices: (A)By bus. (B)By train. (C)By plane.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man goes to London by bus. The bus is a one-way trip. The man wants to go to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The man goes to London by plane. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good mrninog. Waht can I do for you?\nM: I'd lkie a tkeict to Loondn, plasee.\nW: Rnoud tirp?\nM: No, one-way.\nW: OK. Taht'll be tetwny-two pnouds.\nM: Tnwtey-two? Lsat tmie I took tihs bus, it was olny ttnewy.\nW: I konw. The rtae wnet up tihs mntoh.\nM: Jsut lkie eviteyhnrg esle. Deos the bus siltl lavee at two ffieetn?\nW: Two ffieten at Gtae Eeveln. You ohugt to be at the door by two, tuoghh. The dievrr ualulsy bgnies laidnog ffeietn mnuites boefre the tirp.\nM: OK. Tkhnas a lot.\nW: You are wmocele. Hvae a good tirp.\nQuestion: Why is the ticket more expensive than before?\nChoices: (A)Because the rate went up this month. (B)Because the service is more than before. (C)Because the distance is longer than before.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The rate went up this month. Question: Why is the ticket more expensive than before? Choices: (A)Because the rate went up this month. (B)Because the service is more than before. (C)Because the distance is longer than before. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The rate went up this month. Question: Why is the ticket more expensive than before? Choices: (A)Because the rate went up this month. (B)Because the service is more than before. (C)Because the distance is longer than before. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The rate went up this month. Question: Why is the ticket more expensive than before? Choices: (A)Because the rate went up this month. (B)Because the service is more than before. (C)Because the distance is longer than before. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The rate went up this month. Question: Why is the ticket more expensive than before? Choices: (", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good anrofeotn. ABC Iotprms. May I hlep you?\nM: Yes, may I sapek to Mr Jmeas Josnohn, palsee?\nW: I'm aafrid Mr Joohnsn isn't ailvalabe rghit now. Wolud you lkie to laeve a msagsee?\nM: Tihs is Rchraid Axdelaner wtih Satr Encecroitls. It's vrey itmrpaont taht he rnreuts my clal tihs aofontren.\nW: Deos he hvae yuor office nmuebr and yuor mliobe pohne nbemur?\nM: I tnhik so, but let me gvie tehm to you aigan.\nW: Oaky.\nM: My ofcife nmeubr is 714-555-2000; my clel pnhoe nubmer is 909-555-2308. He can rceah me at my oicffe nmebur bfoere 6 p.m. or aimtyne tadoy on my mbloie.\nW: Vrey wlel, I'll gvie him yuor mgassee as soon as he reutnrs to the oifcfe.\nQuestion: What can be learned from the telephone conversation you've just heard?\nChoices: (A)Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. (B)Mr Johnson is wanted on the phone but he is out. (C)Mr Alexander works for ABC Imports.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone but he is out. Mr Alexander is wanted on the phone", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Good aeftroonn. ABC Itoprms. May I hlep you?\nM: Yes, may I sapek to Mr Jmaes Jnhoosn, psaele?\nW: I'm afirad Mr Johsnon isn't aabvllaie rhigt now. Wuold you lkie to laeve a message?\nM: Tihs is Rhiarcd Aeadnlxer wtih Satr Erintocelcs. It's vrey irnapomtt taht he rurtens my clal tihs atnrfeoon.\nW: Deos he hvae yuor ofcfie nemubr and yuor mbiloe pnhoe nmbuer?\nM: I tihnk so, but let me gvie tehm to you aaign.\nW: Oaky.\nM: My ofcfie nmeubr is 714-555-2000; my clel pnohe nbmeur is 909-555-2308. He can rceah me at my oifcfe nubemr bofree 6 p.m. or aitymne taody on my mibole.\nW: Vrey wlel, I'll gvie him yuor mssgeae as soon as he rutnres to the ociffe.\nQuestion: Who might be the person that has answered the phone call?\nChoices: (A)A receptionist. (B)A friend of Mr Johnson's. (C)Mr Johnson's boss.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What is the purpose of the person that has answered the phone call? Choices: (A)To take a message. (B)To give the phone number. (C)To give the name of the person that has made the phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the purpose of the person that has answered the phone call? Choices: (A)To take a message. (B)To give the phone number. (C)To give the name of the person that has made the phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the purpose of the person that has answered the phone call? Choices: (A)To take a message. (B)To give the phone number. (C)To give the name of the person that has made the phone call. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the purpose of the person that has answered the phone call? Choices: (A)To take a message. (B)To give the phone number. (C)", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I am so tierd of my jreonuy to wrok. Dinvrig all toshe hrous is jsut kilinlg me.\nW: Yaeh, I konw waht you maen. I uesd to divre two huros to wrok erevy day. But now I lvie wiithn wlkaing dcstiane of my wrok. It's gerat.\nM: You're kddiing! I ddin't konw taht. Did you mvoe?\nW: No, I got a new job naer my aarmepntt.\nM: Wlel, I don't tnhik I can cghane my job, but I am tininhkg aoubt cnianhgg my aneamptrt. The one I hvae jsut isn't wkoinrg out.\nW: Waht's wnorg wtih it?\nM: Wlel, bdsiees benig too far form wrok, I'm hinvag smoe prblemos wtih my laddnaly. She kepes rinasig the rnet, but she neevr deos any reprais. Etnehrviyg is bienrakg dwon.\nW: Taht's tirlerbe. Ltisen, I tihnk terhe is a room aalvlbiae to rnet in my anemaptrt bnduliig. And my lddnalay is elxcelent. And I'm srue it wloud be ceslor to yuor wrok tahn you are now\nM: Ralely? But is it enxsvepie? My bdeugt isn't taht big.\nW: No, it's not taht enxesvipe. And it's peoivrdd wtih ftruirnue.\nM: Taht sundos graet. I'd lvoe to see it. Wehn can we go?\nW: How aobut now?\nM: Srue. I'll divre.\nQuestion: What are the speakers mainly talking about?\nChoices: (A)Their jobs. (B)Their apartments. (C)Their driving experiences.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What are the speakers mainly talking about? Choices: (A)Their jobs. (B)Their apartments. (C)Their driving experiences. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What are the speakers mainly talking about? Choices: (A)Their jobs. (B)Their apartments. (C)Their driving experiences. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What are the speakers mainly talking about? Choices: (A)Their jobs. (B)Their apartments. (C)Their driving experiences. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What are the speakers mainly talking about? Choices: (A)Their jobs. (B)Their apartments. (C)Their driving experiences. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What are the speakers mainly talking about? Choices: (A)Their jobs. (B)Their apartments. (C)Their driving experiences. Answer: Based on the dialogue", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I am so treid of my jruenoy to wrok. Dnriivg all toshe huros is jsut klinlig me.\nW: Yaeh, I konw waht you maen. I uesd to dvire two huors to wrok ervey day. But now I lvie wtiihn wkaling dsantice of my wrok. It's geart.\nM: You're kiniddg! I ddin't konw taht. Did you mvoe?\nW: No, I got a new job naer my aentrpamt.\nM: Wlel, I don't tnhik I can cngahe my job, but I am tnhkinig aubot cginnahg my aermntpat. The one I hvae jsut isn't wknriog out.\nW: Waht's wrnog wtih it?\nM: Wlel, bdisees bieng too far form wrok, I'm hvniag smoe plorbems wtih my lddnaaly. She keeps rsniiag the rnet, but she nveer deos any rpraeis. Eevniryhtg is bnriakeg dwon.\nW: Taht's tleibrre. Letisn, I tinhk terhe is a room aiavlalbe to rnet in my anetrpmat biudnilg. And my ldldanay is eexlenlct. And I'm srue it wulod be cselor to yuor wrok tahn you are now\nM: Rlelay? But is it evxspiene? My bdeugt isn't taht big.\nW: No, it's not taht eepxsnvie. And it's piredvod wtih firurtune.\nM: Taht sudnos geart. I'd lvoe to see it. Wehn can we go?\nW: How aubot now?\nM: Srue. I'll divre.\nQuestion: How does the man feel about his present situation?\nChoices: (A)Dissatisfied. (B)Shocked. (C)Satisfied.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "satisfied. Question: How does the man feel about his present situation? Choices: (A)Dissatisfied. (B)Shocked. (C)Satisfied. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is satisfied. Question: How does the man feel about his present situation? Choices: (A)Dissatisfied. (B)Shocked. (C)Satisfied. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is satisfied. Question: How does the man feel about his present situation? Choices: (A)Dissatisfied. (B)Shocked. (C)Satisfied. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is satisfied. Question: How does the man feel about his present situation? Choices: (A)Dissatisfied. (B)Shocked. (C)Satisfied. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is satisfied. Question: How does the man feel about his present situation? Choices: (A", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I am so treid of my jernuoy to wrok. Drivnig all tohse horus is jsut kliling me.\nW: Yaeh, I konw waht you maen. I uesd to dvire two hrous to wrok eevry day. But now I lvie wihitn wkaling dtancsie of my wrok. It's gaert.\nM: You're kidndig! I ddin't konw taht. Did you mvoe?\nW: No, I got a new job naer my antaermpt.\nM: Wlel, I don't tinhk I can cnhgae my job, but I am tniikhng aubot cngiahng my aranmtept. The one I hvae jsut isn't wroikng out.\nW: Waht's wonrg wtih it?\nM: Wlel, bdseies bineg too far form wrok, I'm hvnaig smoe premlbos wtih my ladaldny. She keeps rainisg the rnet, but she nveer deos any rreapis. Eyhtvernig is bainrkeg dwon.\nW: Taht's tlerribe. Ltisen, I tnhik terhe is a room alblaaive to rnet in my aarmptent biiunldg. And my lddlanay is exlcenlet. And I'm srue it wulod be cseolr to yuor wrok tahn you are now\nM: Rlelay? But is it eenpxsive? My bgedut isn't taht big.\nW: No, it's not taht eeisnpvxe. And it's pivroded wtih furrnuite.\nM: Taht sudnos gaert. I'd lvoe to see it. Wehn can we go?\nW: How abuot now?\nM: Srue. I'll dvire.\nQuestion: What will the man do then?\nChoices: (A)Drive the car to work. (B)Visit the woman's apartment building. (C)Talk with his landlady.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man will drive the car to work. The woman's apartment building is not close to the man's work. The woman's landlady is not friendly. The woman's apartment is not expensive. The woman's apartment is decorated with furnitue. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is not expensive. The woman's apartment is decorated with furnitue. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman's apartment is closer to the man's work. The woman'", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Look at my new car!\nM: Taht's not a car. It's a toy, and you're sltil tkanig the bus to soohcl.\nW: Wlel, it's a mdoel of the car I'm gnoig to buy wehn I get my fsirt job. It hpels me wnat to wrok hrader.\nQuestion: What makes the girl study harder?\nChoices: (A)To get a toy. (B)To work as a model. (C)To earn money for a car.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The girl says that the car is a model of the car she is going to buy when she gets her first job. It makes her want to work harder. The girl says that the car is a model of the car she is going to buy when she gets her first job. It makes her want to work harder. The girl says that the car is a model of the car she is going to buy when she gets her first job. It makes her want to work harder. The girl says that the car is a model of the car she is going to buy when she gets her first job. It makes her want to work harder. The girl says that the car is a model of the car she is going to buy when she gets her first job. It makes her want to work harder. The girl says that the car is a model of the car she is going to buy when she gets her first job. It makes her want to work harder. The girl says that the car is a model of the car she is going to buy when she gets her first job. It makes her want to work harder. The girl says that the car is a model of the car she is going to buy when she gets her first", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Look. it's geittng ltae and we'd btteer be leniavg tteohger. Hvae you got a car, Mr. Stimh?\nM: No, tahkns. Trehe's a bus.\nQuestion: The woman intends to ________.\nChoices: (A)offer the man a lift (B)go with the man by bus (C)borrow the man's car\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman intends to go with the man by bus. The woman intends to ________. Choices: (A)offer the man a lift (B)go with the man by bus (C)borrow the man's car Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman intends to go with the man by bus. The woman intends to ________. Choices: (A)offer the man a lift (B)go with the man by bus (C)borrow the man's car Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman intends to go with the man by bus. The woman intends to ________. Choices: (A)offer the man a lift (B)go with the man by bus (C)borrow the man's car Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman intends to go with the man by bus. The woman intends to ________. Choices: (A)offer the man a lift (B)go with the man by bus", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nSacty: Hey, Bndaorn.\nBonrdan: Yaeh.\nSctay: Um ... Um ...\nBdoanrn: Waht?\nScaty: Wlel, I need to tlak to you, and I'm not ralely srue how to do it. It's knid of dilcffiut, but I knid of, I need to tlak to you abuot setnoihmg.\nBnadron: Arhilgt. Go aahed.\nSatcy: Oaky. You konw, Sihntpeae. [Yaeh.] You're dtniag my stiser, rhigt? Sneihapte. [Yaeh, yaeh.] Um, I tihnk she's bcak on dgrus.\nBdoarnn: Waht do you maen? I, I konw she had a poblerm in the psat, but she tlod me taht taht was oevr.\nSacty: Wlel, taht's waht she syas, but you konw, I konw my stiesr pttrey wlel; I tnihk I konw her bteter tahn jsut abuot aynone esle, and I konw you gyus hvae tkeald abuot gtietng mrraeid soon, and [Yaeh] ... I'm pettry srue she's uinsg durgs aigan, and you ralely need to, you need to konw tihs ... you relaly need to fcae the fctas, and you're gnoig to hvae to dael wtih tihs now.\nBanordn: So, but, I ... aaign, how do you konw?\nScaty: She's dnoig smoe of the smae suftf, you konw, um, lkie. Wlel, lkie. Lsietn, you konw. Um, you've nitecod she's been snpikpig wrok laltey?\nBdoarnn: Wlel, she siad she's been hnavig smoe htelah plbmreos, so I jsut fuirged it was taht.\nSatcy: No, no, no. She's not. [ Are you srue? ] Yaeh. It's, it's mroe tahn taht. Lkie, a motnh ago, she akesd me to lned her a tahusond bkucs to fix her car.\nBornadn: Wow. Man. Um, I maen, she ddin't tlel me ayhitnng lkie taht. I maen, her car is rnninug fnie, I tinhk.\nSctay: Yaeh, I konw, it is. It's ruinnng fnie. [ Oh, geart. ] Exatlcy. She's lnyig a lot now, and she's, you konw, she's tiryng to hdie it, and she's good at hiindg it.\nBanodrn: And, I let her brroow my car a cpolue dyas ago, and I had ftfiy bckus in trhee, and wehn the car cmae bcak, it was gnoe. She's ... I don't konw how esle it cloud hvae daiaepesprd. [ Man. I can't bvelie tihs. ] I'm pttery srue she sotle it.\nSatcy: I konw. Um, but she's hindig tinhgs, and she heids tgnihs form us, and oaky, for epmlaxe, lkie lsat week. I saw her wtih the two clel phoens, and wehn I cchkeed the txets on the one pnohe ....\nBdrnoan: Wiat, wiat. Two penhos? Waht do you maen?\nSctay: ....Yaeh, umm.\nBnodarn: She olny has one.\nSatcy: No, she's got at laset two phneos, and wehn I ckehced the one ponhe, I saw smoe ttexs, and she was tnkialg auobt, um, um, smoe durgs and nieendg to meet up wtih soomnee to buy tehm.\nBdoarnn: Ah, man.\nScaty: I'm srroy, Bdaronn, um, I ... we need to, we need to cnnoofrt her on tihs. You need to coonfnrt her on tihs.\nBnodarn: I don't konw how to do tihs. I maen ... yaeh, I don't konw.\nSacty: I konw, but you've got to. You, you can't ... the ... you konw, you've got to do tihs if you wnat to try to hpoe taht three's giong to be annyhitg to tihs resiholaitnp. It's, it's mcuh bteter to tlak to her oenlpy aobut tihs now, cusae, I psirome you, the pmrobels wlil jsut eaaltcse, so ...\nBadonrn: But, she mhigt bolw up.\nSctay: She mhigt, but hey, wiat, leitsn. Why don't you gyus cmoe oevr for dnnier and we can tlak aoubt it thgeetor? You konw, um ...\nBaorndn: I jsut don't konw.\nSacty: I konw, and you're rghit, she mhigt bolw up, but if you don't do aitnnyhg, I pmisroe the pelmbros are jsut ginog to get bggeir. She's plabroby gonig to end up lsiong her job, she's pobblary giong to get arteresd, and she mghit eevn die.\nBronadn: Man, you're pbalorby rhigt. I hvae to tinhk aubot tihs and how to apoacrph her. Aighrlt. Let, let me thnig aoubt it, and I'll clal you. [ Oaky. ] Ahrgilt, thnkas.\nStcay: Aglrhit. Bye, Badonrn.\nQuestion: How are Stephanie and Brandon related?\nChoices: (A)Stephanie is Brandon's sister. (B)Brandon and Stephanie are engaged. (C)Brandon and Stephanie are colleagues.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What is the relationship between Stephanie and Brandon? Choices: (A)Stephanie is Brandon's sister. (B)Brandon and Stephanie are engaged. (C)Brandon and Stephanie are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the relationship between Stephanie and Brandon? Choices: (A)Stephanie is Brandon's sister. (B)Brandon and Stephanie are engaged. (C)Brandon and Stephanie are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the relationship between Stephanie and Brandon? Choices: (A)Stephanie is Brandon's sister. (B)Brandon and Stephanie are engaged. (C)Brandon and Stephanie are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the relationship between Stephanie and Brandon? Choices: (A)Stephanie is Brandon's sister. (B)Brandon and Stephanie are engaged. (C)Brandon and Stephanie are colleagues. Answer: Based on the dialogue", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nStcay: Hey, Bdnraon.\nBodrann: Yaeh.\nSacty: Um ... Um ...\nBanordn: Waht?\nSctay: Wlel, I need to tlak to you, and I'm not rllaey srue how to do it. It's knid of diflifcut, but I knid of, I need to tlak to you aoubt shmoientg.\nBorandn: Alrhigt. Go aeahd.\nStcay: Oaky. You konw, Spnathiee. [Yaeh.] You're diatng my sitser, rhgit? Spitneahe. [Yaeh, yaeh.] Um, I thnik she's bcak on dgrus.\nBrnodan: Waht do you maen? I, I konw she had a plbreom in the psat, but she tlod me taht taht was oevr.\nSctay: Wlel, taht's waht she syas, but you konw, I konw my sestir prtety wlel; I thnik I konw her bteetr tahn jsut abuot anonye esle, and I konw you gyus hvae tleakd abuot gnteitg meairrd soon, and [Yaeh] ... I'm ptrtey srue she's usnig dgrus aaign, and you ralley need to, you need to konw tihs ... you ralely need to fcae the fctas, and you're gonig to hvae to dael wtih tihs now.\nBdnoran: So, but, I ... agian, how do you konw?\nSctay: She's donig smoe of the smae sfutf, you konw, um, lkie. Wlel, lkie. Leitsn, you konw. Um, you've neocitd she's been siippkng wrok ltleay?\nBnaodrn: Wlel, she siad she's been hviang smoe htleah pbmlreos, so I jsut frigeud it was taht.\nSacty: No, no, no. She's not. [ Are you srue? ] Yaeh. It's, it's mroe tahn taht. Lkie, a mntoh ago, she akesd me to lned her a tunaoshd bcuks to fix her car.\nBarnodn: Wow. Man. Um, I maen, she ddin't tlel me anthniyg lkie taht. I maen, her car is rniunng fnie, I thnik.\nSacty: Yaeh, I konw, it is. It's rniunng fnie. [ Oh, graet. ] Elxtacy. She's lnyig a lot now, and she's, you konw, she's trinyg to hdie it, and she's good at hniidg it.\nBardonn: And, I let her brorow my car a cpolue dyas ago, and I had ftify bckus in three, and wehn the car cmae bcak, it was gnoe. She's ... I don't konw how esle it cuold hvae dprpeieaasd. [ Man. I can't blivee tihs. ] I'm ptrtey srue she sltoe it.\nStcay: I konw. Um, but she's hiidng tngihs, and she heids tnhgis form us, and oaky, for eaxlpme, lkie lsat week. I saw her wtih the two clel pnoehs, and wehn I chceekd the txtes on the one pnohe ....\nBnadorn: Wiat, wiat. Two pehons? Waht do you maen?\nSacty: ....Yaeh, umm.\nBrodnan: She olny has one.\nSctay: No, she's got at laset two pnheos, and wehn I cechekd the one pnohe, I saw smoe txets, and she was tkilnag aoubt, um, um, smoe dgurs and nendeig to meet up wtih snomeoe to buy tehm.\nBnrdoan: Ah, man.\nSacty: I'm srroy, Bdaornn, um, I ... we need to, we need to conronft her on tihs. You need to conronft her on tihs.\nBdnraon: I don't konw how to do tihs. I maen ... yaeh, I don't konw.\nSacty: I konw, but you've got to. You, you can't ... the ... you konw, you've got to do tihs if you wnat to try to hpoe taht terhe's ginog to be anytinhg to tihs ralnhoeiistp. It's, it's mcuh bteetr to tlak to her oelnpy aoubt tihs now, cusae, I psrimoe you, the plbreoms wlil jsut eatlsace, so ...\nBnarodn: But, she mhigt bolw up.\nStcay: She mgiht, but hey, wiat, lseitn. Why don't you gyus cmoe oevr for dnienr and we can tlak aubot it tohgeetr? You konw, um ...\nBoardnn: I jsut don't konw.\nSatcy: I konw, and you're rhigt, she mgiht bolw up, but if you don't do ainytnhg, I psromie the pelomrbs are jsut ginog to get bgegir. She's pbolbary giong to end up lsoing her job, she's pbaorbly ginog to get astrered, and she mghit eevn die.\nBroandn: Man, you're plrobaby rghit. I hvae to tinhk aubot tihs and how to aorappch her. Agrhilt. Let, let me tnhig auobt it, and I'll clal you. [ Oaky. ] Ahrglit, tankhs.\nScaty: Aighlrt. Bye, Bonrdan.\nQuestion: The first sign of Stephanie's problem is that she has been __________.\nChoices: (A)missing work (B)buying expensive clothing (C)sleeping in a lot\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: The second sign of Stephanie's problem is that she has been __________. Choices: (A)missing work (B)buying expensive clothing (C)sleeping in a lot Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The third sign of Stephanie's problem is that she has been __________. Choices: (A)missing work (B)buying expensive clothing (C)sleeping in a lot Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The fourth sign of Stephanie's problem is that she has been __________. Choices: (A)missing work (B)buying expensive clothing (C)sleeping in a lot Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: The fifth sign of Stephanie's problem is that she has been __________. Choices: (A)missing work (B)buying expensive clothing (C)sleeping in a lot Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nStcay: Hey, Bordnan.\nBnoardn: Yaeh.\nSacty: Um ... Um ...\nBaodrnn: Waht?\nSatcy: Wlel, I need to tlak to you, and I'm not ralely srue how to do it. It's knid of diiclffut, but I knid of, I need to tlak to you aobut snheotimg.\nBodrann: Arihglt. Go ahaed.\nStcay: Oaky. You konw, Septnhiae. [Yaeh.] You're dtniag my stiesr, rgiht? Sptheniae. [Yaeh, yaeh.] Um, I tihnk she's bcak on drgus.\nBrodann: Waht do you maen? I, I konw she had a plroebm in the psat, but she tlod me taht taht was oevr.\nSctay: Wlel, taht's waht she syas, but you konw, I konw my sisetr pterty wlel; I tinhk I konw her better tahn jsut aoubt aynone esle, and I konw you gyus hvae tekald aoubt gtinteg mrriead soon, and [Yaeh] ... I'm ptrtey srue she's unsig durgs agian, and you relaly need to, you need to konw tihs ... you rlleay need to fcae the ftacs, and you're giong to hvae to dael wtih tihs now.\nBnardon: So, but, I ... aigan, how do you konw?\nSacty: She's diong smoe of the smae sutff, you konw, um, lkie. Wlel, lkie. Lseitn, you konw. Um, you've nteocid she's been sppniikg wrok llatey?\nBondran: Wlel, she siad she's been hanivg smoe htelah plbeomrs, so I jsut fgeruid it was taht.\nSacty: No, no, no. She's not. [ Are you srue? ] Yaeh. It's, it's mroe tahn taht. Lkie, a mntoh ago, she akesd me to lned her a tsunhoad bkucs to fix her car.\nBnodran: Wow. Man. Um, I maen, she ddin't tlel me ahtnying lkie taht. I maen, her car is rninnug fnie, I tnhik.\nSacty: Yaeh, I konw, it is. It's rnnniug fnie. [ Oh, graet. ] Elactxy. She's liyng a lot now, and she's, you konw, she's tnyirg to hdie it, and she's good at hinidg it.\nBrnodan: And, I let her bororw my car a cpoule dyas ago, and I had ffity bkucs in terhe, and wehn the car cmae bcak, it was gnoe. She's ... I don't konw how esle it culod hvae dapeeispard. [ Man. I can't bvelie tihs. ] I'm ptetry srue she slote it.\nScaty: I konw. Um, but she's hiding tnighs, and she heids tnghis form us, and oaky, for emxlpae, lkie lsat week. I saw her wtih the two clel pohens, and wehn I cekhced the tetxs on the one ponhe ....\nBornadn: Wiat, wiat. Two penohs? Waht do you maen?\nStcay: ....Yaeh, umm.\nBanrodn: She olny has one.\nStcay: No, she's got at lseat two pohens, and wehn I ckheecd the one ponhe, I saw smoe txtes, and she was tkinlag auobt, um, um, smoe dgurs and neindeg to meet up wtih smenooe to buy tehm.\nBnaordn: Ah, man.\nSctay: I'm sorry, Bodrann, um, I ... we need to, we need to cnrnofot her on tihs. You need to cofrnont her on tihs.\nBdaonrn: I don't konw how to do tihs. I maen ... yaeh, I don't konw.\nSacty: I konw, but you've got to. You, you can't ... the ... you konw, you've got to do tihs if you wnat to try to hpoe taht three's ginog to be ainyhtng to tihs rlnoaesihitp. It's, it's mcuh bteter to tlak to her olnpey aoubt tihs now, csuae, I psrimoe you, the pboermls wlil jsut eacsatle, so ...\nBrdonan: But, she mghit bolw up.\nSctay: She mghit, but hey, wiat, lstein. Why don't you gyus cmoe oevr for dnneir and we can tlak aobut it thtgoeer? You konw, um ...\nBanrodn: I jsut don't konw.\nSatcy: I konw, and you're rghit, she mihgt bolw up, but if you don't do atiynhng, I pimosre the polrmebs are jsut ginog to get bgiegr. She's pbrbaloy ginog to end up lsonig her job, she's pbrolbay gniog to get aeerrtsd, and she mghit eevn die.\nBonardn: Man, you're pobalbry rhgit. I hvae to tnhik aoubt tihs and how to acarppoh her. Ailrght. Let, let me tihng aubot it, and I'll clal you. [ Oaky. ] Agrihlt, tanhks.\nStcay: Arhglit. Bye, Banordn.\nQuestion: Stephanie said she needed money to ___________.\nChoices: (A)pay for school tuition (B)repair her vehicle (C)cover medical expenses\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Stephanie said she needed money to repair her vehicle. Question: Stephanie said she needed money to ___________. Choices: (A)pay for school tuition (B)repair her vehicle (C)cover medical expenses Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Stephanie said she needed money to repair her vehicle. Question: Stephanie said she needed money to ___________. Choices: (A)pay for school tuition (B)repair her vehicle (C)cover medical expenses Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Stephanie said she needed money to repair her vehicle. Question: Stephanie said she needed money to ___________. Choices: (A)pay for school tuition (B)repair her vehicle (C)cover medical expenses Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Stephanie said she needed money to repair her vehicle. Question: Stephanie said she needed money to ___________. Choices: (A)pay for school tuition (B)repair her vehicle (C)cover medical expenses Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nSacty: Hey, Bondarn.\nBdaonrn: Yaeh.\nSctay: Um ... Um ...\nBadrnon: Waht?\nSctay: Wlel, I need to tlak to you, and I'm not rlelay srue how to do it. It's knid of dfucilift, but I knid of, I need to tlak to you aobut stoenhimg.\nBonardn: Arilhgt. Go aaehd.\nScaty: Oaky. You konw, Sathenipe. [Yaeh.] You're dantig my siestr, rihgt? Snthaepie. [Yaeh, yaeh.] Um, I tinhk she's bcak on dgrus.\nBnaordn: Waht do you maen? I, I konw she had a pelbrom in the psat, but she tlod me taht taht was oevr.\nSacty: Wlel, taht's waht she syas, but you konw, I konw my ssiter prtety wlel; I tinhk I konw her bteter tahn jsut aobut anynoe esle, and I konw you gyus hvae tlkead abuot gntetig merraid soon, and [Yaeh] ... I'm ptrety srue she's unsig dgrus aagin, and you raelly need to, you need to konw tihs ... you really need to fcae the fcats, and you're ginog to hvae to dael wtih tihs now.\nBnroadn: So, but, I ... agian, how do you konw?\nSatcy: She's dinog smoe of the smae stfuf, you konw, um, lkie. Wlel, lkie. Liestn, you konw. Um, you've noeitcd she's been snipikpg wrok letlay?\nBdnaorn: Wlel, she siad she's been hvinag smoe haelth prbmelos, so I jsut fuergid it was taht.\nStcay: No, no, no. She's not. [ Are you srue? ] Yaeh. It's, it's mroe tahn taht. Lkie, a mnoth ago, she aksed me to lned her a tnshaoud bckus to fix her car.\nBaordnn: Wow. Man. Um, I maen, she ddin't tlel me aythnnig lkie taht. I maen, her car is rnnuing fnie, I tinhk.\nStcay: Yaeh, I konw, it is. It's rinunng fnie. [ Oh, gerat. ] Eatlcxy. She's liyng a lot now, and she's, you konw, she's tynirg to hdie it, and she's good at hdinig it.\nBadrnon: And, I let her broorw my car a cuploe dyas ago, and I had fftiy bckus in trhee, and wehn the car cmae bcak, it was gnoe. She's ... I don't konw how esle it cuold hvae dspepiraaed. [ Man. I can't bilvee tihs. ] I'm pttery srue she solte it.\nSacty: I konw. Um, but she's hdiing tngihs, and she heids tghins form us, and oaky, for elmaxpe, lkie lsat week. I saw her wtih the two clel penhos, and wehn I chceked the txtes on the one pohne ....\nBnodran: Wiat, wiat. Two pehons? Waht do you maen?\nSctay: ....Yaeh, umm.\nBodrnan: She olny has one.\nScaty: No, she's got at laset two pehnos, and wehn I cceehkd the one pnhoe, I saw smoe txets, and she was tainklg aobut, um, um, smoe durgs and nneiedg to meet up wtih seoonme to buy tehm.\nBndoran: Ah, man.\nSatcy: I'm srroy, Bodarnn, um, I ... we need to, we need to cnnforot her on tihs. You need to coorfnnt her on tihs.\nBadnorn: I don't konw how to do tihs. I maen ... yaeh, I don't konw.\nSatcy: I konw, but you've got to. You, you can't ... the ... you konw, you've got to do tihs if you wnat to try to hpoe taht tehre's gniog to be ainnythg to tihs rinoltihaesp. It's, it's mcuh beettr to tlak to her onlpey aubot tihs now, cuase, I pormise you, the plomrebs wlil jsut ecatalse, so ...\nBoadrnn: But, she mhgit bolw up.\nScaty: She mghit, but hey, wiat, lstien. Why don't you gyus cmoe oevr for dnienr and we can tlak abuot it toteeghr? You konw, um ...\nBordann: I jsut don't konw.\nSctay: I konw, and you're rghit, she mghit bolw up, but if you don't do ahinntyg, I psromie the prlomebs are jsut ginog to get bggier. She's plraboby gniog to end up liosng her job, she's paolbrby ginog to get aeestrrd, and she mgiht eevn die.\nBandron: Man, you're pbraolby rgiht. I hvae to tnhik auobt tihs and how to acpaproh her. Ahirlgt. Let, let me tihng aobut it, and I'll clal you. [ Oaky. ] Ahlrigt, tkhans.\nSctay: Aghirlt. Bye, Badrnon.\nQuestion: It appears that Stephanie stole money from ________.\nChoices: (A)her work (B)her boyfriend's car (C)her boyfriend's apartment\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Stephanie stole money from her boyfriend's car. Question: It appears that Stephanie stole money from ________. Choices: (A)her work (B)her boyfriend's car (C)her boyfriend's apartment Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Stephanie stole money from her boyfriend's car. Question: It appears that Stephanie stole money from ________. Choices: (A)her work (B)her boyfriend's car (C)her boyfriend's apartment Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Stephanie stole money from her boyfriend's car. Question: It appears that Stephanie stole money from ________. Choices: (A)her work (B)her boyfriend's car (C)her boyfriend's apartment Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Stephanie stole money from her boyfriend's car. Question: It appears that Stephanie stole money from ________. Choices: (A)her work (B)her boyfriend's car (C)her boyfriend's apartment Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Stephanie stole money from her boyfriend'", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nStcay: Hey, Broandn.\nBrnoadn: Yaeh.\nSacty: Um ... Um ...\nBdonarn: Waht?\nStcay: Wlel, I need to tlak to you, and I'm not relaly srue how to do it. It's knid of dflfiicut, but I knid of, I need to tlak to you aoubt stnoemihg.\nBnrdoan: Ahligrt. Go aeahd.\nScaty: Oaky. You konw, Stiephnae. [Yaeh.] You're dnatig my ssetir, rghit? Stniaehpe. [Yaeh, yaeh.] Um, I tinhk she's bcak on dugrs.\nBarodnn: Waht do you maen? I, I konw she had a polrebm in the psat, but she tlod me taht taht was oevr.\nSctay: Wlel, taht's waht she syas, but you konw, I konw my sietsr petrty wlel; I tihnk I konw her better tahn jsut aubot aoynne esle, and I konw you gyus hvae tleakd aubot gtitneg merarid soon, and [Yaeh] ... I'm pertty srue she's uinsg dugrs aagin, and you rlleay need to, you need to konw tihs ... you rllaey need to fcae the fcats, and you're ginog to hvae to dael wtih tihs now.\nBrdaonn: So, but, I ... aaign, how do you konw?\nSacty: She's donig smoe of the smae sutff, you konw, um, lkie. Wlel, lkie. Liestn, you konw. Um, you've netcoid she's been sinkppig wrok ltleay?\nBnrdaon: Wlel, she siad she's been hnivag smoe htaelh prbmeols, so I jsut fierugd it was taht.\nSacty: No, no, no. She's not. [ Are you srue? ] Yaeh. It's, it's mroe tahn taht. Lkie, a mtonh ago, she aksed me to lned her a tnhsuoad bukcs to fix her car.\nBodrann: Wow. Man. Um, I maen, she ddin't tlel me ahnyitng lkie taht. I maen, her car is rnniung fnie, I tihnk.\nSctay: Yaeh, I konw, it is. It's rnnnuig fnie. [ Oh, gerat. ] Ecltxay. She's liyng a lot now, and she's, you konw, she's tyinrg to hdie it, and she's good at hdinig it.\nBdnoarn: And, I let her bororw my car a colupe dyas ago, and I had ffity bckus in three, and wehn the car cmae bcak, it was gnoe. She's ... I don't konw how esle it cloud hvae deraeiapspd. [ Man. I can't bleive tihs. ] I'm pettry srue she sotle it.\nSatcy: I konw. Um, but she's hiidng tngihs, and she heids tnhigs form us, and oaky, for emxpale, lkie lsat week. I saw her wtih the two clel peohns, and wehn I cckeehd the txets on the one pohne ....\nBaorndn: Wiat, wiat. Two phenos? Waht do you maen?\nStcay: ....Yaeh, umm.\nBordnan: She olny has one.\nSacty: No, she's got at laest two phoens, and wehn I ckehecd the one ponhe, I saw smoe txtes, and she was tkinalg aubot, um, um, smoe dgrus and neinedg to meet up wtih snmooee to buy tehm.\nBnoadrn: Ah, man.\nSatcy: I'm sorry, Bdnaorn, um, I ... we need to, we need to cnornfot her on tihs. You need to coonnfrt her on tihs.\nBoandrn: I don't konw how to do tihs. I maen ... yaeh, I don't konw.\nSatcy: I konw, but you've got to. You, you can't ... the ... you konw, you've got to do tihs if you wnat to try to hpoe taht trhee's gonig to be aynnithg to tihs rtihnsailoep. It's, it's mcuh betetr to tlak to her onlepy auobt tihs now, csaue, I pimosre you, the pmleobrs wlil jsut elacatse, so ...\nBdronan: But, she mihgt bolw up.\nSatcy: She mghit, but hey, wiat, ltiesn. Why don't you gyus cmoe oevr for dnneir and we can tlak aoubt it ttgoeehr? You konw, um ...\nBordann: I jsut don't konw.\nSatcy: I konw, and you're rgiht, she mihgt bolw up, but if you don't do ahitnnyg, I posirme the pmbelros are jsut giong to get bigegr. She's pbbarloy gnoig to end up lonsig her job, she's plrobbay gnoig to get aeetrsrd, and she mihgt eevn die.\nBnrdoan: Man, you're pobbalry rhigt. I hvae to tinhk aubot tihs and how to acorppah her. Aglirht. Let, let me tnihg aoubt it, and I'll clal you. [ Oaky. ] Aigrlht, takhns.\nSatcy: Ailghrt. Bye, Brnoadn.\nQuestion: If Stephanie doesn't make changes in her life, she could ___________.\nChoices: (A)lose her school scholarship (B)have serious financial problems (C)get in trouble with the police\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: If Stephanie doesn't make changes in her life, she could ___________. Choices: (A)lose her school scholarship (B)have serious financial problems (C)get in trouble with the police Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: If Stephanie doesn't make changes in her life, she could ___________. Choices: (A)lose her school scholarship (B)have serious financial problems (C)get in trouble with the police Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: If Stephanie doesn't make changes in her life, she could ___________. Choices: (A)lose her school scholarship (B)have serious financial problems (C)get in trouble with the police Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: If Stephanie doesn't make changes in her life, she could ___________. Choices: (A)lose her school scholarship (B)have serious financial problems (C)get in trouble with the police Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Culod you tlel me if the trian wlil be aivirrng on tmie?\nM: Yes, Maadm. It sulohd be arinirvg in abuot ten metinus.\nQuestion: Where are they?\nChoices: (A)At the bus stop (B)At the railway station (C)At the airport\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is at the railway station. The dialogue is at the airport. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus stop. The dialogue is at the bus", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I don't wnat red or bule makerr. Palsee gvie me the pnik one.\nW: All rihgt.\nQuestion: What color marker does he want?\nChoices: (A)Red. (B)Blue. (C)Pink.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What color marker does he want? Choices: (A)Red. (B)Blue. (C)Pink. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What color marker does he want? Choices: (A)Red. (B)Blue. (C)Pink. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What color marker does he want? Choices: (A)Red. (B)Blue. (C)Pink. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What color marker does he want? Choices: (A)Red. (B)Blue. (C)Pink. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What color marker does he want? Choices: (A)Red. (B)Blue. (C)Pink. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What color marker does he want? Choices: (A)Red", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I ralely areitpcpae yuor fnliilg me in on yaeesrtdy's lreucte.\nW: No porlebm. I thoguht you mihgt wnat to go oevr it ttogheer. And, anaywy, it hlpes me rveiew, Hpoe you're felenig bteetr now.\nM: I am. Taknhs. So, you siad she tkaeld aoubt siqud? Snduos a lttlie sgntrae.\nW: Wlel, alclatuy, it was aoubt the euooilvtn of sea lfie--a coiiontutann form lsat week. The oocptus and the suiqd deesedcnd form eailrer creerauts wtih selhls. Tehy sveivurd by sdhnideg tiehr shells--sermewhoe bwteeen 200 and 500 moliiln yraes ago.\nM: Taht's a pttrey lnog sapn of tmie.\nW: I konw. Taht's waht she siad, tuohgh. To be peisrce: \"Eatclxy wehn tehy eegremd is urentican ... and why is sltil unnpaliexed.\"\nM: Smoe siqud are rllaey hgue. Can you iainmge smtonehig taht big if it sltil had a slhel?\nW: Ataclluy, it's buseace tehy lsot tiher slhels taht tehy cluod eolvve to a bggier szie.\nM: Mkeas snsee. But smoe are relaly hgue. I've raed aubot frehimesn taht cghaut suiqd taht wegiehd oevr a ton. Did she tlak abuot how taht hanepps?\nW: Not rlaley. But she did mntioen smoe uuaunsl cseas. In 1933 in New Zneaald tehy cghaut a suiqd.., let's see hree.., it was tetwny-two ydars lnog. Its eeys wree etehgein ienchs arcsos. Can you imainge?\nM: Rimneds me of all thsoe seritos of sea mnerstos.\nW: Dr. Ssimopn tihnks terhe are pbarbloy eevn lgearr oens taht hvean't been fnoud basucee siqud are igtnneilelt and fsat---so tehy can esilay get aawy form hnaums. Mbaye smoe of tsohe mntoesr srtoeis are ture.\nQuestion: What topic are the man and woman discussing?\nChoices: (A)Mating habits of squid and octopus. (B)The evolution of certain forms of sea life. (C)The study of marine shells.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life. The man and woman are discussing the evolution of certain forms of sea life", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I relaly aearippcte yuor filling me in on ysaertdey's lreutce.\nW: No pbolerm. I tohguht you mghit wnat to go oevr it tehgtoer. And, aawnyy, it hleps me reievw, Hpoe you're fleneig beettr now.\nM: I am. Tknhas. So, you siad she tlkaed abuot siqud? Sudons a ltlite strgane.\nW: Wlel, aulatcly, it was aoubt the eiotluovn of sea lfie--a ciinoutanton form lsat week. The oupcots and the siqud dceedesnd form elirear crureates wtih slhles. Tehy srivveud by sdneidhg tehir sllhes--shoewreme beweetn 200 and 500 moililn yreas ago.\nM: Taht's a ptrtey lnog sapn of tmie.\nW: I konw. Taht's waht she siad, tuoghh. To be pcierse: \"Eacxtly wehn tehy eergmed is uniertacn ... and why is slitl uepliaenxnd.\"\nM: Smoe sqiud are rlealy hgue. Can you imaigne sneihtmog taht big if it sltil had a selhl?\nW: Atcaluly, it's beucsae tehy lsot tiher shlels taht tehy cloud elovve to a beiggr szie.\nM: Mkaes snese. But smoe are rllaey hgue. I've raed aoubt fmreehsin taht cuahgt sqiud taht wheiged oevr a ton. Did she tlak aobut how taht hnppaes?\nW: Not rlelay. But she did miteonn smoe usuuanl cseas. In 1933 in New Zlaaend tehy cugaht a suqid.., let's see hree.., it was ttnwey-two ydars lnog. Its eeys wree eeeithgn ichnes aosrcs. Can you iiamnge?\nM: Rdimens me of all tohse seritos of sea mstenros.\nW: Dr. Soimspn tinhks tehre are palobbry eevn lrgaer oens taht hevan't been fnoud bauecse siqud are ienilnelgtt and fsat---so tehy can eialsy get aawy form hanmus. Mbaye smoe of toshe mtonesr sirtoes are ture.\nQuestion: Why does the man need to talk to the woman about the class?\nChoices: (A)He didn't understand the lecture. (B)He was sick and unable to attend. (C)He needs help with a makeup exam.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: Why does the man need to talk to the woman about the class? Choices: (A)He didn't understand the lecture. (B)He was sick and unable to attend. (C)He needs help with a makeup exam. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Why does the man need to talk to the woman about the class? Choices: (A)He didn't understand the lecture. (B)He was sick and unable to attend. (C)He needs help with a makeup exam. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Why does the man need to talk to the woman about the class? Choices: (A)He didn't understand the lecture. (B)He was sick and unable to attend. (C)He needs help with a makeup exam. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Why does the man need to talk to the woman about the class? Choices: (A)He didn't understand the lecture. (B)He was sick and unable to attend", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I ralley aaetrpcipe yuor flinilg me in on yaersetdy's lcretue.\nW: No pblorem. I tuhghot you mghit wnat to go oevr it tthogeer. And, anwyay, it hples me rveeiw, Hpoe you're fenielg bteter now.\nM: I am. Thnaks. So, you siad she takled aubot siqud? Sdnous a lltite srgnate.\nW: Wlel, aalultcy, it was auobt the eluoitvon of sea lfie--a ctonuioaitnn form lsat week. The ouptcos and the siqud deesncded form elarier crrauetes wtih sllehs. Tehy svvueird by sidendhg teihr slhles--srweemohe bteewen 200 and 500 milioln yreas ago.\nM: Taht's a pttrey lnog sapn of tmie.\nW: I konw. Taht's waht she siad, tguohh. To be pciesre: \"Ecalxty wehn tehy egermed is utcrainen ... and why is sltil uniaeexnpld.\"\nM: Smoe siqud are rlealy hgue. Can you iniamge snmheoitg taht big if it sltil had a selhl?\nW: Aluactly, it's bsueace tehy lsot tehir sllehs taht tehy colud evvole to a bieggr szie.\nM: Meaks ssene. But smoe are rlealy hgue. I've raed aubot fhseimren taht cghuat sqiud taht wiehged oevr a ton. Did she tlak auobt how taht hnpeaps?\nW: Not ralley. But she did mioentn smoe unsuaul ceass. In 1933 in New Zalenad tehy cughat a siuqd.., let's see hree.., it was ttnewy-two ydars lnog. Its eeys wree eeeightn ichens aoscrs. Can you inmgiae?\nM: Rdemins me of all toshe strioes of sea mtrnoses.\nW: Dr. Smsoipn tnikhs terhe are plbboary eevn lgrear oens taht haevn't been fuond bcsaeue sqiud are illngeteint and fsat---so tehy can esilay get aawy form hmanus. Mbaye smoe of tshoe meotsnr sotires are ture.\nQuestion: According to the woman, what happened 200 to 500 million years ago?\nChoices: (A)Some sea creatures developed vertebrae. (B)The first giant squid was captured. (C)Some sea creatures shed their shells.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: According to the woman, what happened 200 to 500 million years ago? Choices: (A)Some sea creatures developed vertebrae. (B)The first giant squid was captured. (C)Some sea creatures shed their shells. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: According to the woman, what happened 200 to 500 million years ago? Choices: (A)Some sea creatures developed vertebrae. (B)The first giant squid was captured. (C)Some sea creatures shed their shells. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: According to the woman, what happened 200 to 500 million years ago? Choices: (A)Some sea creatures developed vertebrae. (B)The first giant squid was captured. (C)Some sea creatures shed their shells. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: According to the woman, what happened 200 to 500 million years ago? Choices: (A)Some sea creatures developed vertebrae. (B)The first giant squid", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I rellay aptraepice yuor fnlliig me in on ytreesday's leurcte.\nW: No polrbem. I thhogut you mgiht wnat to go oevr it tehotegr. And, aanywy, it hlpes me rievew, Hpoe you're fnieleg btteer now.\nM: I am. Thkans. So, you siad she tkaled auobt suiqd? Sdnous a lltite stanrge.\nW: Wlel, aalltcuy, it was auobt the eoouiltvn of sea lfie--a contauiniotn form lsat week. The oupcots and the siqud deesncded form eliaerr ceretruas wtih sllhes. Tehy siruvved by sdndiheg tiher sllhes--smehworee bwteeen 200 and 500 mliloin yreas ago.\nM: Taht's a prtety lnog sapn of tmie.\nW: I konw. Taht's waht she siad, tgohuh. To be prseice: \"Eltacxy wehn tehy egemerd is uainectrn ... and why is sltil unaieexplnd.\"\nM: Smoe siuqd are ralely hgue. Can you iaimnge shinetomg taht big if it sltil had a selhl?\nW: Alcultay, it's bseucae tehy lsot thier slhles taht tehy culod elvove to a bigger szie.\nM: Maeks snsee. But smoe are rellay hgue. I've raed aoubt femseirhn taht cguhat suiqd taht wegheid oevr a ton. Did she tlak abuot how taht hpnpaes?\nW: Not ralley. But she did moetnin smoe usnuaul caess. In 1933 in New Zanlaed tehy chuagt a suiqd.., let's see hree.., it was ttwney-two yrads lnog. Its eeys wree eetegihn ienchs aroscs. Can you igimnae?\nM: Rienmds me of all toshe seoitrs of sea mroetsns.\nW: Dr. Sopismn tnkihs tehre are pbalbroy eevn leargr oens taht hvaen't been fnuod buasece siqud are ieellntgint and fsat---so tehy can ealsiy get aawy form hmnuas. Mbaye smoe of tohse msentor soretis are ture.\nQuestion: What does the woman imply about sea monsters?\nChoices: (A)She has always believed they exist. (B)She heard about them in New Zealand. (C)Stories about them may be based on giant squid.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The woman implies that giant squid may be the basis for sea monster stories. The", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I nveer seem to hvae any menoy.\nW: Why not put prat of yuor sralay in a saeicpl acucnot ecah week?\nQuestion: What does the woman suggest the man do?\nChoices: (A)Open a saving account. (B)Get a better job. (C)Put more effort into his work.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman suggests the man to open a saving account. The woman", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Who won the 1000-meter rcae? Mhceial Risonbon or Cihrs Stcot?\nW: Netiher of tehm. Auoglhth we tghohut one of tehm wloud win the rcae, tehy ddin't pfrreom wlel taht day. And you wlil nveer bvleiee taht Klye Nsah was the frist one.\nQuestion: Who won the race?\nChoices: (A)Kyle Nash. (B)Michael Robinson. (C)Chris Scott.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter race. The dialogue is about the 1000-meter", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Smmuer is oevr at lsat, it's tmie to put T-sirths aawy.\nW: I've been winitag for tihs for motnhs.\nQuestion: What can we learn from the dialogue?\nChoices: (A)They like summer. (B)They don't like summer. (C)They think hot weather is nicer.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that they don't like summer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue shows that they think hot weather is nicer. The dialogue", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Soupspe the conpmay ofefr you a pay rasie of 50%, wuold you be so deeimrtend to lvaee and look for a job as wlel?\nM: Yes, I've set my mnid dwon on it. I'd lkie to fnid a job wtih flul spcoe to sohw my alibtiy.\nQuestion: Why has the man decided to leave the company?\nChoices: (A)He is not equal to the job. (B)He is not well paid for his work. (C)He doesn't think the job is challenging enough.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man said he would like to find a job with a high salary to show his ability. The man is not well paid for his work. The man is not equal to the job. The man doesn't think the job is challenging enough. The man is not well paid for his work. The man is not equal to the job. The man doesn't think the job is challenging enough. The man is not well paid for his work. The man is not equal to the job. The man doesn't think the job is challenging enough. The man is not well paid for his work. The man is not equal to the job. The man doesn't think the job is challenging enough. The man is not well paid for his work. The man is not equal to the job. The man doesn't think the job is challenging enough. The man is not well paid for his work. The man is not equal to the job. The man doesn't think the job is challenging enough. The man is not well paid for his work. The man is not equal to the job. The man doesn't think the job is challenging enough. The man is not well paid for his work. The man is not", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I fnuod an esxvpneie dmniaod rnig in the rrtsooem tihs mnnirog.\nM: If I wree you, I wloud trun it in to the sicuetry oficfe. It is behnid the aanitrsdtmoiin bnuliidg.\nQuestion: What does the man suggest the woman do?\nChoices: (A)Give the ring to a policeman. (B)Wait for the owner of the ring in the rest room. (C)Hand in the ring to the security office.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman says she found an expensive diamond ring in the rest room this morning. The man suggests the woman hand in the ring to the security office. The woman replies that she has no idea who the owner of the ring is. The man suggests the woman hand in the ring to the security office. The woman replies that she has no idea who the owner of the ring is. The man suggests the woman hand in the ring to the security office. The woman replies that she has no idea who the owner of the ring is. The man suggests the woman hand in the ring to the security office. The woman replies that she has no idea who the owner of the ring is. The man suggests the woman hand in the ring to the security office. The woman replies that she has no idea who the owner of the ring is. The man suggests the woman hand in the ring to the security office. The woman replies that she has no idea who the owner of the ring is. The man suggests the woman hand in the ring to the security office. The woman replies that she has no idea who the owner of the ring is. The man suggests the woman hand in the ring to the security", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I wnat to tkae the vrey nxet fglhit to Aalnby.\nW: Wlel, the vrey nxet one leeavs in two huros. It geos to Jlklavicosne, but you can mkae a ctneoioncn to yuor dinioetstan.\nQuestion: How can the man get to his destination?\nChoices: (A)He will fly directly to his destination. (B)He must change at Jacksonville. (C)He is still not sure how to get there.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man wants to take the very next flight to his destination. The woman tells him that the very next flight leaves in two hours. It goes to Jacksonville, but you can make a connection to your destination state. The man must change at Jacksonville. The man is still not sure how to get there. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mtahs deaerpntmt, Dotcor Wtseebr skapnieg.\nW: Hlelo, Psrsofoer Wbsteer, tihs is Jneat Wnag cinallg. I'm lnivig two droos dwon form yuor thiaecng aastnssit, Ken Wliimals. Ken aeskd me to clal you baeusce he has lsot his vcioe and can't tlak to you hieslmf.\nM: Lsot his vocie? Oh, waht a smhae! Is terhe ahynntig I can do for you?\nW: Wlel, Ken has a casls tihs aonerotfn form two-trtihy to fuor and he won't be albe to tceah it, but he dosen't wnat to cnaecl it eeihtr.\nM: Wnat me to try to fnid sobdemoy esle to taceh the cslas?\nW: No, not etcxlay. Waht he wnats to do is to get sonoeme to go in for him, jsut to psas bcak the meidtrm eamxs. He's adraley mrkead tehm and tehy are on the dsek in his ofcfie. The wohle tihng wdulon't tkae mroe tahn ten mtnieus.\nM: His celsass are two-ttrhiy, eh? Wlel, I'm aairfd at taht tmie I'll be on caupms aanywy; so I can do it for him.\nW: Tnhak you vrey mcuh, Posorfesr Wbseetr.\nQuestion: Who is probably the woman?\nChoices: (A)Ken's wife. (B)Ken's neighbor. (C)The head of the maths department.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The woman is the head of the maths department. The", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mhtas drmnpeeatt, Docotr Wbteesr skaipeng.\nW: Hlleo, Pfssooerr Wtesber, tihs is Jneat Wnag clanlig. I'm linvig two droos dwon form yuor thicnaeg asatssnit, Ken Wlliamis. Ken aeskd me to clal you bcaseue he has lsot his vicoe and can't tlak to you helsmif.\nM: Lsot his vicoe? Oh, waht a smhae! Is tehre ahinytng I can do for you?\nW: Wlel, Ken has a calss tihs aofentorn form two-titrhy to fuor and he won't be albe to taceh it, but he dsoen't wnat to caencl it etiher.\nM: Wnat me to try to fnid smbooedy esle to tcaeh the casls?\nW: No, not extlcay. Waht he wntas to do is to get sonomee to go in for him, jsut to psas bcak the mdertim eaxms. He's ardaely mrekad tehm and tehy are on the dsek in his office. The wlhoe thnig wuldon't tkae mroe tahn ten meutnis.\nM: His clsseas are two-tihrty, eh? Wlel, I'm afaird at taht tmie I'll be on cmapus aanywy; so I can do it for him.\nW: Tnhak you vrey mcuh, Psfeoorsr Wsetber.\nQuestion: What's Ken's problem?\nChoices: (A)He can't find his office key. (B)He is unable to talk. (C)He doesn't like his class.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The dialogue shows that Ken's problem is that he can't find his office key. The key is missing, so he can't open his office. He can't find his key, so he can't talk to his assistant. He can't talk to his assistant, so he can't call his boss. He can't call his boss, so he can't ask for help. He can't ask for help, so he can't call his assistant. He can't find his key, so he can't talk to his assistant. He can't find his key, so he can't call his boss. He can't find his key, so he can't call his assistant. He can't find his key, so he can't call his assistant. He can't find his key, so he can't call his assistant. He can't find his key, so he can't call his assistant. He can't find his key, so he can't call his assistant. He can't find his key, so he can't call his assistant.", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mhats dntrpemeat, Dotocr Wteebsr skpeiang.\nW: Hlelo, Possoerfr Wbseetr, tihs is Jneat Wnag cinllag. I'm linivg two doors dwon form yuor thenciag astsansit, Ken Wmlilais. Ken aeskd me to clal you beaucse he has lsot his vcoie and can't tlak to you hlseimf.\nM: Lsot his vicoe? Oh, waht a samhe! Is terhe annyithg I can do for you?\nW: Wlel, Ken has a casls tihs atfoeronn form two-trhtiy to fuor and he won't be albe to tceah it, but he dosen't wnat to cnecal it eihetr.\nM: Wnat me to try to fnid sedboomy esle to tecah the csals?\nW: No, not exltacy. Waht he wtans to do is to get somoene to go in for him, jsut to psas bcak the mteirdm emxas. He's aleardy merkad tehm and tehy are on the dsek in his oifcfe. The wolhe tnhig wldoun't tkae mroe tahn ten munties.\nM: His csesals are two-ttihry, eh? Wlel, I'm arifad at taht tmie I'll be on cpamus aanwyy; so I can do it for him.\nW: Tnhak you vrey mcuh, Psoferosr Wbteesr.\nQuestion: What favor does Ken want someone to do for him?\nChoices: (A)Mark the latest homework. (B)Put a notice on the classroom door. (C)Return some exam papers to his students.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What favor does Ken want someone to do for him? Choices: (A)Mark the latest homework. (B)Put a notice on the classroom door. (C)Return some exam papers to his students. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What favor does Ken want someone to do for him? Choices: (A)Mark the latest homework. (B)Put a notice on the classroom door. (C)Return some exam papers to his students. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What favor does Ken want someone to do for him? Choices: (A)Mark the latest homework. (B)Put a notice on the classroom door. (C)Return some exam papers to his students. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What favor does Ken want someone to do for him? Choices: (A)Mark the latest homework. (B)Put a notice on the classroom door. (C)Return some exam papers to his students. Answer: Based", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Can you use a ctuemopr?\nM: No, I can't. But I'm srue I can lrean it qkuilcy.\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)He won't learn how to use computer. (B)He will learn how to use computer. (C)He is good at using the computer.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Choice B is the correct answer. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)He won't learn how to use computer. (B)He will learn how to use computer. (C)He is good at using the computer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choice B is the correct answer. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)He won't learn how to use computer. (B)He will learn how to use computer. (C)He is good at using the computer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choice B is the correct answer. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)He won't learn how to use computer. (B)He will learn how to use computer. (C)He is good at using the computer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choice B is the correct answer. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)He won't learn how to use computer. (B)He will learn how to use computer. (", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: The fhlgit for Plhapihedlia lfet ten muteins ago?\nM: Taht's rhgit. It's now 12:15.\nQuestion: When did the plane leave?\nChoices: (A)12:00. (B)12:10. (C)12:05.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The plane left at 12:05. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten minutes ago. The plane left ten", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The itinonrucsts on the pkagace say taht you need to smoe aelbsmsy yuslroef. I've senpt all atnoeorfn trinyg in vian to put tihs bkooacse ttoehger.\nW: I konw waht you maen, lsat tmie I tired to aslsmebe a toy tiran for my son and I amlsot gvae up.\nQuestion: What does the man find difficult?\nChoices: (A)Fixing some furniture. (B)Repairing the toy train. (C)Assembling the bookcase.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Fixing some furniture is not mentioned in the dialogue. Repairing the toy train is not mentioned in the dialogue. Assembling the bookcase is mentioned in the dialogue. Question: What does the man find difficult? Choices: (A)Fixing some furniture. (B)Repairing the toy train. (C)Assembling the bookcase. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Assembling the bookcase is mentioned in the dialogue. Question: What does the man find difficult? Choices: (A)Fixing some furniture. (B)Repairing the toy train. (C)Assembling the bookcase. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Assembling the bookcase is mentioned in the dialogue. Question: What does the man find difficult? Choices: (A)Fixing some furniture. (B)Repairing the toy train. (C)Assembling the bookcase. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Assembling the bookcase is", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Can we sotp and hvae smoe rset?\nM: Smoe rset? We hvae jsut fiehsnid hlaf of the wrok.\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)To finish work first. (B)To get some rest first. (C)To leave the work till tomorrow.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man means to finish work first. Choices: (A)To finish work first. (B)To get some rest first. (C)To leave the work till tomorrow. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man means to finish work first. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)To finish work first. (B)To get some rest first. (C)To leave the work till tomorrow. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man means to finish work first. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)To finish work first. (B)To get some rest first. (C)To leave the work till tomorrow. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man means to finish work first. Question: What does the man mean? Choices: (A)To finish work first. (B)To get some rest first. (C)To leave the work till tomorrow. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The man means to finish work first. Question", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: The sleas are on tihs week. Waht aoubt hvniag sppnoihg?\nM: Taht wuold be fun. Are you liknoog for aytinhng saepicl?\nQuestion: What are they talking about?\nChoices: (A)Go shopping (B)Eating out (C)Travelling\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The answer is B. The sleas are on tihs week. Waht aouft hvniag sppnoihg? Are you liknoog for aytinhng saepicl? Question: What are they talking about? Choices: (A)Go shopping (B)Eating out (C)Travelling Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The sleas are on tihs week. Waht are they talking about? Are you liknoog for aytinhng sear\u0103picl? Are they talking about? Are they talking about? Question: What are they talking about? Choices: (A)Go shopping (B)Eating out (C)Travelling Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The sleas are on tihs week. Waht are they talking about? Go shopping? Eating out? Travelling? Question: What are they talking about? Based on the", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Are we soesppud to lveae at 6:13?\nW: I don't konw. All I rmembeer is taht the filhgt neumbr is 633.\nQuestion: When does the man think they will leave?\nChoices: (A)6:33. (B)6:13. (C)6:23.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The man thinks they will leave at 6:13. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Ecsxue me. Did you say taht tshee sitrhs wree ftieefn dolrals?\nW: No, I siad ftify dlaorls... Hree's the picle on the tag.\nQuestion: How much do the shirts cost?\nChoices: (A)The price is not on the tag. (B)$ 50. (C)$ 5.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The price is on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the tag. The price is not on the", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Waht do you wnat to do now?\nM: I wnat to go bcak to the heotl.\nF: But it's olny fuor o'cclok.\nM: I'm treid. We've dnoe a lot of seeinistghg.\nF: We can siltl go snipphog. The seotrs don't clsoe for aenohtr huor.\nM: No, I wnat to rset for a wlhie. We're ginog to the tarhete tihgont, you konw.\nF: Yes, I konw. Waht tmie deos it strat?\nM: At ehgit o'ccolk.\nF: Do you wnat to try to tkae the bus to the terahte?\nM: We can tkae a txai. It's mroe evsipexne, but it's a lot esiear.\nF: Whree do you wnat to eat?\nM: Tehre are a lot of rtsntearaus naer the htoel.\nF: But waht knid of rrausnatet? Ciesnhe? Fnrech? Jnpesaae?\nM: Oh, I don't konw. Rghit now I jsut wnat to go bcak to the hteol and rset.\nQuestion: What do you think the speakers are\nChoices: (A)Citizens of the city. (B)Tourists visiting the city. (C)A couple looking for work.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work. The dialogue is about a couple looking for work.", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Waht do you wnat to do now?\nM: I wnat to go bcak to the heotl.\nF: But it's olny fuor o'cclok.\nM: I'm tierd. We've dnoe a lot of sgienhsietg.\nF: We can sltil go sipnhpog. The sertos don't colse for aonhter huor.\nM: No, I wnat to rset for a wilhe. We're ginog to the trahete tnghiot, you konw.\nF: Yes, I konw. Waht tmie deos it satrt?\nM: At eghit o'clcok.\nF: Do you wnat to try to tkae the bus to the tearhte?\nM: We can tkae a txai. It's mroe epsexnvie, but it's a lot eisear.\nF: Wrehe do you wnat to eat?\nM: Trhee are a lot of rtneaautrss naer the hteol.\nF: But waht knid of rsuatneart? Cisnehe? Fnrech? Jpseaane?\nM: Oh, I don't konw. Rgiht now I jsut wnat to go bcak to the heotl and rset.\nQuestion: What will they do tonight?\nChoices: (A)Go to the theatre. (B)Go shopping. (C)Go sightseeing.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue shows that they are tired and want to go back to the hotel and rest. The dialogue", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Waht do you wnat to do now?\nM: I wnat to go bcak to the hteol.\nF: But it's olny fuor o'colck.\nM: I'm terid. We've dnoe a lot of sestienghig.\nF: We can stlil go sphniopg. The sertos don't clsoe for aeonthr huor.\nM: No, I wnat to rset for a wihle. We're gniog to the tatrehe thignot, you konw.\nF: Yes, I konw. Waht tmie deos it sartt?\nM: At ehgit o'ccolk.\nF: Do you wnat to try to tkae the bus to the tahrtee?\nM: We can tkae a txai. It's mroe exisenvpe, but it's a lot eaiesr.\nF: Whree do you wnat to eat?\nM: Trehe are a lot of renartusats naer the hteol.\nF: But waht knid of rrtaneaust? Csihnee? Fnecrh? Jpseaane?\nM: Oh, I don't konw. Rhgit now I jsut wnat to go bcak to the heotl and rset.\nQuestion: Which of the following is true?\nChoices: (A)The woman feels very tired. (B)The couple are on their way back to the hotel. (C)The man feels very tired.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman feels very tired. The man feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel. The man feels very tired. The woman feels very tired. The couple are on their way back to the hotel.", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hvae Tmaohs and Lliy set a dtae for lviaeng?\nW: No, tehy hvean't. But Thaoms siad tehy'd lkie to lvaee nxet Mdanoy or Tueasdy.\nM: I'd lkie to see tehm off at the aprorit. Wlil you go wtih me?\nW: Srue.\nQuestion: When would Thomas and Lily like to leave?\nChoices: (A)Tomorrow. (B)Next Monday or Tuesday. (C)This Monday.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that Thomas and Lily haven't set a date for leaving. But Thomas said they'd like to leave next Monday or Tuesday. The dialogue also shows that Thomas and Lily would like to leave this Monday. Therefore, the answer is B. Question: When would Thomas and Lily like to leave? Choices: (A)Tomorrow. (B)Next Monday or Tuesday. (C)This Monday. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue shows that Thomas and Lily haven't set a date for leaving. But Thomas said they'd like to leave next Monday or Tuesday. The dialogue also shows that Thomas and Lily would like to leave this Monday. Therefore, the answer is B. Question: When would Thomas and Lily like to leave? Choices: (A)Tomorrow. (B)Next Monday or Tuesday. (C)This Monday. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue shows that Thomas and Lily haven't set a date for leaving. But Thomas said they'd like to leave next Monday or Tuesday. The dialogue", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Um... Wlel... Are you fere nxet weenked?\nW: Wlel, yes. Waht do you sgsuegt?\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)She has already made her plan. (B)She has to work on her paper tonight. (C)She wants to know the man's suggestion.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman has to work on her paper tonight. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has already made her plan. The woman has to work on her paper tonight. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not made her plan yet. The woman wants to know the man's suggestion. The woman has not", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: You see, I'm gintteg mcuh fetatr tahn boefre. I'm aywals werriod I've no ieda how to lsoe wigeht.\nM: You shulod do smoe eiesrcxe eervy day. Taht is the bset way to keep you hatelhy and srtong.\nW: You konw, I don't wnat to mvoe abuot at all.\nM: You'd bteetr not wtcah too mcuh TV. Retncley, dnaincg mhiecnas hvae been paouplr in Cnhia. I susgegt bnuyig one.\nW: Waht is the dcniang mciahne?\nM: Oh, you may see one in sniophpg cetrens. It's esay to laern how to use it. Waht you ohugt to do is to dnace on scuh mcneiahs wtih luod dcsio msiuc, sinpeptg fwaorrd and baacrkwd, lfet and rhigt anrdcocig to the dcniriotes on TV, as if you are rlelay dicanng.\nW: Taht sdouns iisrteenntg! But is it usfeul to hlep me keep fit?\nM: Srue. Wehn you fsinih dncinag, you'll be out of baetrh.\nW: Werhe can I fnid one?\nM: You may go to the Fndersiihp Sotre.\nW: Is it eepsxinve?\nM: I don't tihnk so. It olny ctoss 800 yaun.\nW: All rgiht. I'd lkie to buy one.\nQuestion: What does the woman worry about?\nChoices: (A)Her weight. (B)Her health. (C)Her work.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the woman worry about? Choices: (A)Her weight. (B)Her health. (C)Her work. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman worry about? Choices: (A)Her weight. (B)Her health. (C)Her work. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman worry about? Choices: (A)Her weight. (B)Her health. (C)Her work. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman worry about? Choices: (A)Her weight. (B)Her health. (C)Her work. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman worry about? Choices: (A)Her weight. (B)Her health. (C)Her work. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman worry about? Choices: (A)Her weight. (", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: You see, I'm gitetng mcuh feattr tahn brefoe. I'm awalys wroierd I've no ieda how to lsoe wegiht.\nM: You shloud do smoe esirxcee erevy day. Taht is the bset way to keep you hleahty and srontg.\nW: You konw, I don't wnat to mvoe auobt at all.\nM: You'd bteetr not wtcah too mcuh TV. Rnltceey, dcnniag mieahcns hvae been ppuloar in Cinha. I sggeust bnyuig one.\nW: Waht is the dninacg mahcnie?\nM: Oh, you may see one in spiponhg ctneres. It's esay to leran how to use it. Waht you oguht to do is to dncae on scuh menaichs wtih luod dscio msiuc, stpnepig forwrad and bcrkwaad, lfet and rhigt aiondccrg to the doiicrntes on TV, as if you are rllaey dcinang.\nW: Taht sdnous iertsinnetg! But is it uesufl to hlep me keep fit?\nM: Srue. Wehn you fiisnh dnncaig, you'll be out of btraeh.\nW: Wrhee can I fnid one?\nM: You may go to the Fiisherdnp Stroe.\nW: Is it esnxpieve?\nM: I don't tinhk so. It olny cotss 800 yaun.\nW: All rhigt. I'd lkie to buy one.\nQuestion: What do you think the woman is going to do?\nChoices: (A)She may buy a dancing machine to lose weight. (B)She will walk for an hour every day to keep fit. (C)She is going to dance with the man to keep her healthy.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman is going to buy a dancing machine to lose weight. The man suggests that she should do something every day. The woman says she doesn\u2019t want to move a lot at all. The man says that she\u2019d better not watch too much TV. Right, dancing machines have been popular in China. I should buy one. The woman asks what is the dancing machine? The man says you may see one in spasming centers. It\u2019s easy to learn how to use it. What you ought to do is to dance on such movements with good dance music, step forward and backward, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right, left and right", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: As a sedtnut, we msut sutdy hrad, but we oeftn hvae too mcuh to do. Smoimetes I can't eevn fsinih my homroewk. I am so wireord taht I can't fisinh my hmwooerk. I am werorid taht I can't rcteie the txet yet.\nM: Tkae it esay. You'll hvae smoe tmie to rietce it, for the tcaeehr is asenbt tdaoy.\nQuestion: Where does this dialogue take place?\nChoices: (A)In a school. (B)In a factory. (C)In an office.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an office. The dialogue takes place in an", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hi Bob, I haevn't seen you for qtiue a few dyas.\nM: Wlel, I jsut felw bcak form Piars. I was in Ldoonn for a week.\nQuestion: Where has the man been?\nChoices: (A)London. (B)Paris. (C)Both A and B.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The man has been to Paris and London. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Fonrt Dsek. Can I hlep you?\nM: Oh, may I ask for a wkae-up clal, pelase?\nW: Yes sir, waht tmie do you wnat?\nQuestion: What is the woman?\nChoices: (A)She's a shop assistant. (B)She's a receptionist. (C)She's a secretary.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What is the woman? Choices: (A)She's a shop assistant. (B)She's a receptionist. (C)She's a secretary. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the woman? Choices: (A)She's a shop assistant. (B)She's a receptionist. (C)She's a secretary. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the woman? Choices: (A)She's a shop assistant. (B)She's a receptionist. (C)She's a secretary. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the woman? Choices: (A)She's a shop assistant. (B)She's a receptionist. (C)She's a secretary. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What is the woman? Choices: (A)She's ", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Trun dwon the TV. It's too ltae.\nM: Oh, yaeh. The neogbihr mgiht be wkeon up.\nQuestion: When does the dialogue happen?\nChoices: (A)In the morning. (B)In the afternoon. (C)At night.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The dialogue happens at night. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hlleo, I'm calling aubot the ad in the newpapesr aubot the room for rnet. Is it sltil abilvalae?\nW: Yes. You may cmoe oevr and hvae a look if you lkie.\nQuestion: How did the man find out about the room?\nChoices: (A)From the school housing office. (B)From a newspaper advertisement. (C)From his friends at school.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: How did the man find out about the room? Choices: (A)From the school housing office. (B)From a newspaper advertisement. (C)From his friends at school. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How did the man find out about the room? Choices: (A)From the school housing office. (B)From a newspaper advertisement. (C)From his friends at school. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How did the man find out about the room? Choices: (A)From the school housing office. (B)From a newspaper advertisement. (C)From his friends at school. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How did the man find out about the room? Choices: (A)From the school housing office. (B)From a newspaper advertisement. (C)From his friends at school. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How did the man find out about the room? Choices: (A", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: The pelpoe nxet door to us are mkiang so mcuh nsoie. I can't raed tihs book.\nM: Why don't you go to the lrriaby. It's mcuh qiueter terhe.\nQuestion: What does Tom mean?\nChoices: (A)He suggests that the woman go to the library. (B)He suggests that the woman shouldn't read. (C)He wants to stop the noise.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman says that the people next door are making so much noise. Tom suggests that the woman go to the library. It's much quieter there. The woman replies that she can't read this book. Tom suggests that the woman shouldn't read. The woman replies that she can't read this book. Tom suggests that the woman shouldn't read. The woman replies that she can't read this book. Tom suggests that the woman shouldn't read. The woman replies that she can't read this book. Tom suggests that the woman go to the library. It's much quieter there. The woman replies that she can't read this book. Tom suggests that the woman go to the library. It's much quieter there. The woman replies that she can't read this book. Tom suggests that the woman shouldn't read. The woman replies that she shouldn't read. Tom suggests that the woman shouldn't read. The woman replies that she can't read this book. Tom suggests that the woman go to the library. It's much quieter there. The woman replies that she can't read this book. Tom suggests that the woman shouldn't read. The woman", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: My Egilnsh taehcer sgeugsted taht I cmoe in and brroow one of tshee Esignlh-Csnihee deocritiains.\nW: Of csuore, Mr. Jcsoakn. You are wecmloe to use our diieiaoncrts. But tehy may not be teakn form tihs room. Wudlon't it be better if you hvae one of yuor own?\nQuestion: What does the woman suggest that man do?\nChoices: (A)Take one dictionary out of the room. (B)Borrow a dictionary somewhere else. (C)Buy a dictionary of his own.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy a dictionary of his own. The woman suggests that man buy ", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht is the dndialee for the trem peapr, sir?\nM: Sncie it suolhd be aoubt 10 tpye-werttin pgaes lnog, you can hnad it in nxet week.\nQuestion: What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Manager and clerk. (B)Director and secretary. (C)Professor and student.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Choices: (A)Manager and clerk. (B)Director and secretary. (C)Professor and student. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Manager and clerk. (B)Director and secretary. (C)Professor and student. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Manager and clerk. (B)Director and secretary. (C)Professor and student. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Manager and clerk. (B)Director and secretary. (C)Professor and student. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Manager and clerk. (B)Director and secretary. (C)Professor and student. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Manager and clerk. (B)Director and secretary. (C)Professor and student. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C,", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good envenig and wlmeoce to our prorgam--A Nhgit at the Mioves. I'm Mrak.\nW: And I'm Anna. Toinhgt we're giong to look at tihs week's new fimls.\nM: Let's sartt wtih Byoend the Moon. It's the sorty of a flghit to Mras taht gtes itno tolbrue. A taem of robots svae the attsuroans aoabrd a sapschiep.\nW: The miove is flul of sacpe teravl.\nM: Nxet, we hvae A Man's Bset Fernid. Tihs is the fnesniut mivoe you wlil see all yaer. It's auobt a cat taht can tlak. If you lkie jeoks and slliy siuontitas, tihs is the moive for you.\nW: Oh, no. Mrak. Trehe aern't mnay lahugs, and the stroy is situpd and binrog.\nM: Wlel, Anna. I tinhk we'll aegre on San Fnsacciro. The sngos are geart, and the dninacg's fsiantatc.\nW: I lkie San Fcirnasco a lot. It's aubot a gril who cemos form a poor fmaliy. She wkors hrad and bmocees a fouams nlthigcub sgeinr. I don't ulslauy lkie tihs knid of mvioe, but tihs was dfenrfiet. As you siad, exellcnet signnig and diacnng.\nQuestion: What may be the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Movie makers. (B)Actors. (C)TV presenters.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "(B)Actors. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue is a typical TV show. The two speakers are actors. The dialogue", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good evnieng and wocemle to our pgoarrm--A Nhigt at the Mevois. I'm Mrak.\nW: And I'm Anna. Tinhogt we're ginog to look at tihs week's new fmils.\nM: Let's sartt wtih Byoend the Moon. It's the sotry of a flhigt to Mras taht gtes itno tlrbuoe. A taem of rotbos svae the asrttuoans abaord a spihsceap.\nW: The mivoe is flul of spcae tevarl.\nM: Nxet, we hvae A Man's Bset Fnried. Tihs is the finsenut mvioe you wlil see all yaer. It's aubot a cat taht can tlak. If you lkie jeoks and slily sniuittaos, tihs is the mivoe for you.\nW: Oh, no. Mrak. Terhe aern't mnay lhguas, and the sotry is stipud and bionrg.\nM: Wlel, Anna. I tnhik we'll arege on San Fcircsano. The sgons are garet, and the dcninag's fitantsac.\nW: I lkie San Faricnsco a lot. It's aubot a gril who cmeos form a poor fliamy. She wroks hrad and bmeeocs a fouams nticguhlb sgenir. I don't uslauly lkie tihs knid of mivoe, but tihs was dnfifeert. As you siad, elcexlnet sinigng and dacnnig.\nQuestion: According to the man, what is the funniest movie of the year?\nChoices: (A)Beyond the Moon. (B)A Man's Best Friend. (C)San Francisco.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man says that A Man's Best Friend is the funniest movie of the year. The woman says that she likes San Francisco a lot. The man says that the story is stipud and boring. The woman says that she doesn't usually like that kind of movie, but that one was delightful. The man says that the movie is full of space travel technology. The woman says that the movie is full of jokes and silly sneits. The man says that the movie is the funniest movie of the year. The woman says that she doesn't usually like that kind of movie, but that one was delightful. The man says that the movie is the funniest movie of the year. The woman says that she likes San Francisco a lot. The man says that the story is stipud and boring. The woman says that she doesn't usually like that kind of movie, but that one was delightful. The man says that the movie is the funniest movie of the year. The woman says that she doesn't usually like that kind of movie, but that one was delightful. The man says that the movie is the funniest movie of the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good eivneng and womecle to our pgraorm--A Nhigt at the Meiovs. I'm Mrak.\nW: And I'm Anna. Tignoht we're gniog to look at tihs week's new fmils.\nM: Let's sartt wtih Bnoyed the Moon. It's the srtoy of a fihlgt to Mras taht gtes itno tburole. A taem of rbotos svae the aursatntos arboad a ssphcaeip.\nW: The miove is flul of sacpe terval.\nM: Nxet, we hvae A Man's Bset Frined. Tihs is the fusnient mvioe you wlil see all yaer. It's aubot a cat taht can tlak. If you lkie jkeos and slliy stitioauns, tihs is the mivoe for you.\nW: Oh, no. Mrak. Terhe aern't mnay lguahs, and the srtoy is sitpud and brinog.\nM: Wlel, Anna. I tinhk we'll arege on San Fsicnarco. The sgons are garet, and the dinacng's fanstitac.\nW: I lkie San Fncicsaro a lot. It's aobut a gril who cmoes form a poor fiamly. She wkors hrad and bcmeeos a fuomas nctlghiub sngier. I don't usalluy lkie tihs knid of mvoie, but tihs was dfneeirft. As you siad, enexlclet sniingg and dcinnag.\nQuestion: Which movie is appreciated by both of the speakers?\nChoices: (A)Beyond the Moon. (B)A Man's Best Friend. (C)San Francisco.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated by both of the speakers. The movie Beyond the Moon is appreciated", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I can't bveelie tihs tirfafc.\nW: Wlel, it's rsuh huor.\nM: We'll neevr mkae it on tmie, usnels the mcath is dyeeald.\nW: Yes, we wlil. Don't worry abuot it.\nQuestion: What is the man worried about?\nChoices: (A)The match may be delayed. (B)Their car may go out of control. (C)They may arrive late for the game.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed. The man is worried about the match may be delayed.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: We are gnoig to the coeffe sohp. Aern't you cmoing?\nM: Srroy, I'm wiintag for an ionratpmt clal. Mbaye nxet tmie.\nW: Ok, hvae a good day.\nQuestion: What does the man imply?\nChoices: (A)He can't go now. (B)He want to call someone. (C)He can't wait any longer.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he can't wait any longer. The man implies that he", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mray, you hvae tlod me snheitomg aubot yuor petrnas. Are trehe any oethr poplee in yuor fmialy?\nW: Yes. Trhee are siltl my gpnrdareatns and my botrher,\nM: Oh. You are lukcy to lvie in a lgrae flimay.\nQuestion: What are the two speakers talking about?\nChoices: (A)The woman's grandparents. (B)The woman's parents. (C)The woman's family.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "The woman's grandparents. The woman's grandparents are the woman's parents. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman's family. The woman's grandparents and her mother are the woman'", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Waht can I do for you, mdaam?\nW: I'd lkie to hvae a look at books on senicce. I wnat to buy smoe.\nQuestion: Where are the two speakers talking?\nChoices: (A)In the bookshop. (B)In the reading room. (C)In the library.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The two speakers are talking in the library. The dialogue is a dialogue between a bookshop owner and a customer. The two speakers are talking in the bookshop. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library. The two speakers are talking in the library.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'm aafrid the sirht is too big for me. Do you hvae a salelmr one?\nF: Srue. Hree it is.\nQuestion: Why didn't the man want the shirt?\nChoices: (A)It's too small. (B)It's too big. (C)It's not good enough.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The shirt is too big for the man. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht shlal we do tghiont?\nM: How aoubt the ceimna?\nW: Taht's a good ieda. We heavn't been for aegs.\nM: Waht wloud you lkie to see?\nW: Oh, I don't konw. Spy Sotry?\nM: Spy Srtoy? Taht telbirre, old flim?\nW: But it's got the pzrie in 2000.\nM: But I've seen it broefe.\nW: Wlel, we can frist go to the cnmeia and tehn see waht flim we ejnoy.\nM: OK.\nQuestion: What are they talking about?\nChoices: (A)About the plan for tonight. (B)About a terrible old film. (C)About whether they will go to the film.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is about whether they will go to the film. The question is about what they are talking about. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is about whether they will go to the film. The answer is", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht salhl we do tihngot?\nM: How aobut the cmeina?\nW: Taht's a good ieda. We hevan't been for aegs.\nM: Waht wloud you lkie to see?\nW: Oh, I don't konw. Spy Sorty?\nM: Spy Sorty? Taht trierble, old flim?\nW: But it's got the przie in 2000.\nM: But I've seen it borfee.\nW: Wlel, we can fsirt go to the cmiena and tehn see waht flim we ejony.\nM: OK.\nQuestion: How often do they go to the film?\nChoices: (A)Very often. (B)Seldom. (C)Once a week.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that they haven't been for aegs. So, they don't go to the film very often. Question: How often do they go to the film? Choices: (A)Very often. (B)Seldom. (C)Once a week. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue shows that they haven't been for aegs. So, they don't go to the film very often. Question: How often do they go to the film? Choices: (A)Very often. (B)Seldom. (C)Once a week. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue shows that they haven't been for aegs. So, they don't go to the film very often. Question: How often do they go to the film? Choices: (A)Very often. (B)Seldom. (C)Once a week. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht sahll we do thgniot?\nM: How aobut the ceinma?\nW: Taht's a good ieda. We hevan't been for aegs.\nM: Waht wolud you lkie to see?\nW: Oh, I don't konw. Spy Sorty?\nM: Spy Sotry? Taht trilrebe, old flim?\nW: But it's got the pirze in 2000.\nM: But I've seen it bfreoe.\nW: Wlel, we can fsirt go to the cinmea and tehn see waht flim we ejnoy.\nM: OK.\nQuestion: What does the man think of the film Spy Story?\nChoices: (A)It is interesting. (B)It is old. (C)It is frightening.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "interesting. Question: What does the man think of the film Spy Story? Choices: (A)It is interesting. (B)It is old. (C)It is frightening. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is interesting. Question: What does the man think of the film Spy Story? Choices: (A)It is interesting. (B)It is old. (C)It is frightening. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is interesting. Question: What does the man think of the film Spy Story? Choices: (A)It is interesting. (B)It is old. (C)It is frightening. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is interesting. Question: What does the man think of the film Spy Story? Choices: (A)It is interesting. (B)It is old. (C)It is frightening. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is interesting. Question: What does the man think of the film Spy Story? Choices: (A)I", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht a spuisrre to see you at the srekuemarpt! I tuhhgot you ayalws ate in rrsuaeantts.\nM: The rsraetantus csot too mcuh. I uulasly eat at hmoe.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation most probably take place?\nChoices: (A)In the supermarket. (B)In the restaurant. (C)In the man's home.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The supermarket dialogue is a conversation between a man and a woman. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place where people buy food. The supermarket is a place", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I'll waer tihs bule jkaect. I lkie the cloor on me, don't you tnhik?\nM: I tnhik it lkoos tfriierc on you, rlleay.\nQuestion: What does the man think of the woman's choice of clothing?\nChoices: (A)He thinks her choice is good. (B)He thinks her choice is terrible. (C)He doesn't like the colour.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a dialogue between a man and a woman. The woman is saying she will wear this blue jumper. She likes the colour on her, don't you think? The man thinks it looks terrible on her, right? The woman replies that she thinks it looks terrific on her, right? The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman replies that she thinks it looks terrific on her, right? The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman replies that she thinks it looks terrific on her, right? The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman replies that she thinks it looks terrific on her, right? The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman replies that she thinks it looks terrific on her, right? The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman replies that she thinks it looks terrific on her, right? The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman replies that she thinks it looks terrific on her, right? The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman replies that she thinks it looks terrific on her, right? The man thinks her choice is terrible. The woman replies that she thinks it", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Look at taht big flied of cron. And trhee's a fram wtih smoe baetuiufl huseos.\nM: You ralely get to konw the cunroty wehn you go by bus, don't you?\nQuestion: Where did the conversation most probably take place?\nChoices: (A)In a corn field. (B)At a bus station. (C)On a bus.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The dialogue is a corn field dialogue. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tnoy, can I ask you a presnaol qeiosutn?\nM: Aubot waht?\nW: Wlel, I was wrniednog auobt how you are revceeid hree in Chnia.\nM: Waht do you maen?\nW: Wlel, sicne you are Csnehie-Cdaanian and olny saepk Elsngih and Fenrch wlel; how do ntiave Chiesne traet you?\nM: Oh, wlel. Smemeitos it can get pttery dicifluft. Wehn polpee fnid out taht I am a Cinaaadn cetiizn who can't sapek Cnesihe wlel,tehy ululsay clal me a bannaa. You konw, yellow on the otiusde and wthie on the isndie.\nW: How deos taht mkae you feel?\nM: Wlel, I fsrit feel mad. Tehn I feel sad, bcesaue I am seen as smnooee who has fgettoron his rtoos. All tihs is buacsee my ptaners lfet to fnid a bteetr lfie and I dceedid to rruetn in oerdr to fnid sehoinmtg I lsot. Smiotmees I am not srue if I lkie waht I fnoud.\nQuestion: What is Tony's nationality?\nChoices: (A)Canadian. (B)British. (C)French.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is Tony's nationality? Choices: (A)Canadian. (B)British. (C)French. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is Tony's nationality? Choices: (A)Canadian. (B)British. (C)French. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is Tony's nationality? Choices: (A)Canadian. (B)British. (C)French. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is Tony's nationality? Choices: (A)Canadian. (B)British. (C)French. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is Tony's nationality? Choices: (A)Canadian. (B)British. (C)French. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tnoy, can I ask you a pnorasel qiuotesn?\nM: Aubot waht?\nW: Wlel, I was wreinondg aobut how you are rveceeid hree in Cnhia.\nM: Waht do you maen?\nW: Wlel, scine you are Cinhsee-Cdaianan and olny sepak Einslgh and Fnrceh wlel; how do nvaite Cnesihe teart you?\nM: Oh, wlel. Sietmmeos it can get pertty dluffiict. Wehn plpoee fnid out taht I am a Cdanaian ceitizn who can't seapk Csiehne wlel,tehy ullsauy clal me a banana. You konw, yoellw on the oistdue and wthie on the insdie.\nW: How deos taht mkae you feel?\nM: Wlel, I frsit feel mad. Tehn I feel sad, bsecaue I am seen as smneooe who has frgteootn his rtoos. All tihs is buaecse my pnetras lfet to fnid a bteter lfie and I deicedd to rretun in oedrr to fnid snoetihmg I lsot. Stoeemims I am not srue if I lkie waht I fnoud.\nQuestion: Why has Tony come to China?\nChoices: (A)To find his roots. (B)To do banana trade. (C)To seek a better life.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: Tony has been in China for a long time. Choices: (A)Two years. (B)Three years. (C)Four years. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Tony has been in China for a long time. Choices: (A)Two years. (B)Three years. (C)Four years. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Tony has been in China for a long time. Choices: (A)Two years. (B)Three years. (C)Four years. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Tony has been in China for a long time. Choices: (A)Two years. (B)Three years. (C)Four years. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: Tony has been in China for a long time. Choices: (A)Two years. (B)Three", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tnoy, can I ask you a panosrel qtueiosn?\nM: Aubot waht?\nW: Wlel, I was wionrdeng aobut how you are reveiced hree in Cinha.\nM: Waht do you maen?\nW: Wlel, scine you are Cneishe-Ciaanadn and olny sapek Enislgh and Fnecrh wlel; how do ntavie Cehinse teart you?\nM: Oh, wlel. Smiteeoms it can get pterty dfufciilt. Wehn pleope fnid out taht I am a Caiadann ceizitn who can't saepk Cisnehe wlel,tehy ulasuly clal me a bnanaa. You konw, yollew on the osudite and wthie on the idnise.\nW: How deos taht mkae you feel?\nM: Wlel, I frsit feel mad. Tehn I feel sad, besacue I am seen as somonee who has fterootgn his roots. All tihs is becusae my panters lfet to fnid a betetr lfie and I ddeiecd to rterun in oderr to fnid somhietng I lsot. Semieomts I am not srue if I lkie waht I fonud.\nQuestion: How does Tony find his experience in China?\nChoices: (A)Disappointing. (B)Interesting. (C)Crazy.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does Tony find his experience in China? Choices: (A)Disappointing. (B)Interesting. (C)Crazy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does Tony find his experience in China? Choices: (A)Disappointing. (B)Interesting. (C)Crazy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does Tony find his experience in China? Choices: (A)Disappointing. (B)Interesting. (C)Crazy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does Tony find his experience in China? Choices: (A)Disappointing. (B)Interesting. (C)Crazy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How does Tony find his experience in China? Choices: (A)Disappointing. (B)Interesting. (C)Crazy. Answer", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht wlil you do toormrow?\nM: I'll do smoe sopinhpg and go to do smoe lurandy bofree I vsiit my fnried.\nQuestion: What will the man do first tomorrow?\nChoices: (A)Go to the laundry. (B)Visit his friend. (C)Do some shopping.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Choices: (A)Go to the laundry. (B)Visit his friend. (C)Do some shopping. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Go to the laundry. (B)Visit his friend. (C)Do some shopping. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Go to the laundry. (B)Visit his friend. (C)Do some shopping. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Go to the laundry. (B)Visit his friend. (C)Do some shopping. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Go to the laundry. (B)Visit his friend. (C)Do some shopping. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)Go to the laundry. (B)Visit his friend. (C)Do some shopping. Answer: Based on the dialogue", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi. It's good to see the sun aiagn.\nW: Yes, we hvae been lkoonig fwrorad to tihs canhge for mnay dyas.\nM: But it's suoepspd to could oevr tihs aonrotfen.\nW: Oh, I can't blveeie it. The vlatebgees in my gdearn do need slihgunt. Tehy are gttnieg yoellw.\nM: The smae wtih mnie. But I don't tnhik we can do ainytnhg but wiat.\nW: Waht did the weheatr rerpot say?\nM: It siad jsut waht I tlod you.\nW: Oh, my God!\nQuestion: What is the weather like now?\nChoices: (A)It is sunny. (B)It is cloudy. (C)It is rainy.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)It is sunny. (B)It is cloudy. (C)It is rainy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)It is sunny. (B)It is cloudy. (C)It is rainy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)It is sunny. (B)It is cloudy. (C)It is rainy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)It is sunny. (B)It is cloudy. (C)It is rainy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like now? Choices: (A)It is sunny. (B)It is cloudy. (C)I", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi. It's good to see the sun aigan.\nW: Yes, we hvae been lkoniog farrowd to tihs cahgne for mnay dyas.\nM: But it's sspepoud to culod oevr tihs aofortenn.\nW: Oh, I can't bvileee it. The vebegetals in my gdaern do need sguhlint. Tehy are gtetnig yelolw.\nM: The smae wtih mnie. But I don't tnihk we can do anyhntig but wiat.\nW: Waht did the wetaehr rreopt say?\nM: It siad jsut waht I tlod you.\nW: Oh, my God!\nQuestion: Why do the speakers hope for sunny days?\nChoices: (A)They feel bored with the rain. (B)They can't do anything in the rain. (C)They are worrying about their vegetables.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What does the woman mean when she says \"Oh, my God!\"? Choices: (A)She is surprised. (B)She is worried. (C)She is angry. (D)She is happy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman mean when she says \"Oh, my God!\"? Choices: (A)She is surprised. (B)She is worried. (C)She is angry. (D)She is happy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman mean when she says \"Oh, my God!\"? Choices: (A)She is surprised. (B)She is worried. (C)She is angry. (D)She is happy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman mean when she says \"Oh, my God!\"? Choices: (A)She is surprised. (B)She is worried. (C)She is angry. (D)She is happy. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mray is fnod of cnimapg, isn't she?\nW: Yes, she otefn geos for wkees at a tmie.\nQuestion: What does the woman say about Mary?\nChoices: (A)She hasn't gone camping for weeks. (B)She likes long camping trips. (C)It takes her a long time to plan her camping.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Mary is fond of camping, isn't she? Yes, she goes on camping trips for weeks at a time. Question: What does the woman say about Mary? Choices: (A)She hasn't gone camping for weeks. (B)She likes long camping trips. (C)It takes her a long time to plan her camping. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Mary is fond of camping, isn't she? Yes, she goes on camping trips for weeks at a time. Question: What does the woman say about Mary? Choices: (A)She hasn't gone camping for weeks. (B)She likes long camping trips. (C)It takes her a long time to plan her camping. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Mary is fond of camping, isn't she? Yes, she goes on camping trips for weeks at a time. Question: What does the woman say about Mary? Choices: (A)She hasn't gone camping for weeks. (B)She likes long camping trips. (", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Rghit, let's hvae a look. Oh, no.\nM: Waht's the mtaetr? Fultay?\nW: No, but it's no use.\nM: Why?\nW: I tlod tehm waht I ndeeed it for. And tehy siad tihs one wlil do, but it ooblsuivy won't. Look!\nM: I see waht you maen.\nQuestion: Why is the woman disappointed?\nChoices: (A)The item is more expensive than she expected. (B)The item has been seriously damaged. (C)The item obviously doesn't serve her purpose.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "C. The woman told the man what she needed it for. And the man said this one will do, but it obviously won't. Look! The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose. The woman is disappointed because the item obviously doesn't serve her purpose", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'm tlrierby sorry. I'm ltae.\nW: I've olny been wnaiitg for oevr an huor, taht's all.\nM: Yes, I konw, I... I teird to get hree in tmie, but jsut aeftr I lfet hmoe, the car bokre dwon.\nW: The car bkroe dwon?\nM: Yes, and.., wlel.., luickly.., terhe was a ggaare naer me, and.., and it took tehm a wilhe to riepar it.\nW: Why ddin't you at laest pohne?\nM: I wuold hvae! But I ddin't konw the nbmuer of the rsuternaat.\nW: You cuold hvae lkoeod it up in the tpehenole book!\nM: Yes, but... You'll neevr beevile tihs... I culdon't rbmeemer the nmae of the rrasetuant. I kenw werhe it was, but fgroot the nmae.\nW: I see, wlel, it was lckuy you fnid a graage to rpiear yuor car.\nQuestion: Why did the man apologize?\nChoices: (A)His car broke down. (B)He forgot the telephone number. (C)He was late for the appointment.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologized because his car broke down. The man apologize", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'm tiberlry sorry. I'm ltae.\nW: I've olny been wanitig for oevr an huor, taht's all.\nM: Yes, I konw, I... I treid to get hree in tmie, but jsut atfer I lfet hmoe, the car bkroe dwon.\nW: The car bokre dwon?\nM: Yes, and.., wlel.., licukly.., trhee was a ggarae naer me, and.., and it took tehm a wihle to raiepr it.\nW: Why ddin't you at lseat ponhe?\nM: I wloud hvae! But I ddin't konw the neubmr of the rstneaarut.\nW: You culod hvae lekood it up in the tlepeohne book!\nM: Yes, but... You'll nveer beilvee tihs... I codlun't rmeeembr the nmae of the ratrneasut. I kenw wrehe it was, but frgoot the nmae.\nW: I see, wlel, it was lkucy you fnid a gagrae to ripear yuor car.\nQuestion: Where did they plan to meet?\nChoices: (A)At the garage. (B)At home. (C)In the restaurant.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Why did they plan to meet? Choices: (A)To discuss the car. (B)To discuss the restaurant. (C)To discuss the restaurant and the garage. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why did they plan to meet? Choices: (A)To discuss the car. (B)To discuss the restaurant. (C)To discuss the restaurant and the garage. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why did they plan to meet? Choices: (A)To discuss the car. (B)To discuss the restaurant. (C)To discuss the restaurant and the garage. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why did they plan to meet? Choices: (A)To discuss the car. (B)To discuss the restaurant. (C)To discuss the restaurant and the garage. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why did they plan to meet? Choices: (A)To discuss the car. (B)To discuss the restaurant. (", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'm tleirrby srory. I'm ltae.\nW: I've olny been wniitag for oevr an huor, taht's all.\nM: Yes, I konw, I... I terid to get hree in tmie, but jsut atfer I lfet hmoe, the car bkroe dwon.\nW: The car bkroe dwon?\nM: Yes, and.., wlel.., lckuily.., terhe was a gragae naer me, and.., and it took tehm a wlihe to rpaeir it.\nW: Why ddin't you at lesat ponhe?\nM: I wolud hvae! But I ddin't konw the nmuebr of the reatsrnuat.\nW: You cuold hvae lkoeod it up in the tolpeehne book!\nM: Yes, but... You'll nveer biveele tihs... I cudoln't rmebmeer the nmae of the rnrtuaeast. I kenw whree it was, but froogt the nmae.\nW: I see, wlel, it was lkucy you fnid a garage to rpiaer yuor car.\nQuestion: How long has the woman been waiting for?\nChoices: (A)Over an hour. (B)Half an hour. (C)Less than half an hour.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman has been waiting for over an hour. Question: What does the woman say about the man's car? Choices: (A)It's a lemon. (B)It's a rust bucket. (C)It's a piece of junk. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman says that she has only been waiting for over an hour, that's all. Question: What does the woman say about the man's car? Choices: (A)It's a lemon. (B)It's a rust bucket. (C)It's a piece of junk. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman says that she has only been waiting for over an hour, that's all. Question: What does the woman say about the man's car? Choices: (A)It's a lemon. (B)It's a rust bucket. (C)It's a piece of junk. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I wsih I cloud see Greoge hree.\nW: He was pninalng to cmoe, but a mmonet ago, his wfie cleald to say taht he had to tkae his fhetar to the htiaspol.\nQuestion: Who was ill?\nChoices: (A)George's brother. (B)George's wife. (C)George's father.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was ill. George's wife was", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Msis Dotermt, let me ask you sgtrahit aawy. Do you tnhik, wihitn a few yreas, mnay pelope culod wrok at hmoe iansetd of wkoirng in offcies?\nW: Oh, yes. It's hpnapneig now. You see, the cmamutoiiocnn irtdnsuy has mdae scuh pserorgs in the lsat ten yaers.\nQuestion: What has made working at home possible?\nChoices: (A)Personal computers. (B)Communication industry. (C)Living far from companies.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The answer is B. Question: What has made working at home possible? Choices: (A)Personal computers. (B)Communication industry. (C)Living far from companies. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What has made working at home possible? Choices: (A)Personal computers. (B)Communication industry. (C)Living far from companies. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What has made working at home possible? Choices: (A)Personal computers. (B)Communication industry. (C)Living far from companies. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What has made working at home possible? Choices: (A)Personal computers. (B)Communication industry. (C)Living far from companies. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What has made working at home possible? Choices: (A)Personal computers", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Can I hlep you?\nW: Yes, we wnat to go to Cihowntan.\nM: OK. You can tkae a txai. It's aubot a ten-muitne rdie, and the frae is tehre dollras. Or you cloud wlak. It'll poblrbay tkae you ttnwey mnetius.\nW: OK. Taht's waht we'll do. It's fere and good ecexrise, too.\nQuestion: How will the woman get to Chinatown?\nChoices: (A)On foot. (B)By underground. (C)By taxi.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman will get to Chinatown by taxi. The woman will get to Chinatown by taxi. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get to Chinatown by underground. The woman will get", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: How are yuor pniao lsenoss gniog?\nW: Vrey wlel. My tcaeehr tkinhs I'm mkiang prsoegrs. And I fnid loesnss wlel-wtorh the tmie and torblue.\nQuestion: What does the woman think of her piano lessons?\nChoices: (A)They are rewarding. (B)They are entertaining. (C)They are boring.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman thinks her piano lessons are boring. The woman think", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You soulhd hvae seen the lnie at the hnoiusg offcie. It took me an huor to mkae my dirromoty dipesot for nxet yaer. Hvae you mdae yuros yet?\nW: No, I'm not srue I'm gnoig to.\nM: Three's not mcuh tmie lfet. The dealnide's May 1. Taht is jsut two weeks form now. Are you shrot of csah?\nW: No, I'm Oaky.\nM: You'd betetr hrruy up if you wnat a drom room nxet Sepemtebr. Trhee aern't egunoh rmoos for eervy one, and fsrit yaer sendutts hvae pritoriy.\nW: Wlel, I've been thinknig aoubt linivg off cpaums.\nM: Hvae you any ieda of how mcuh taht wloud csot? Trhee is the rnet, uitetilis, and you'd pbablory need a car.\nW: I konw it wluod be mroe exnpesive. I tnhik I can hdlane it toughh. The drom is jsut so nsoiy taht I can't get athnniyg dnoe. Mabye my gaerds wloud be beettr if I had smoe pceae and qieut in a pacle of my own.\nM: You solhud sduty in the larirby the way I do. Tnhik of the mneoy you'd svae.\nW: I've got to tihnk it oevr smoe mroe. Three's siltl two wekes lfet in Airpl.\nQuestion: What are the speakers discussing?\nChoices: (A)When to move. (B)Where to live the following year. (C)How much time to spend at home.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The speakers are discussing where to live the following year. The speaker is a woman who is thinking about moving off campus. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she wants to move or not. She is not sure if she", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You solhud hvae seen the lnie at the hnsouig oficfe. It took me an huor to mkae my drotrmoiy doipest for nxet yaer. Hvae you mdae yrous yet?\nW: No, I'm not srue I'm gniog to.\nM: Trhee's not mcuh tmie lfet. The dideanle's May 1. Taht is jsut two wekes form now. Are you sorht of csah?\nW: No, I'm Oaky.\nM: You'd bteter hrruy up if you wnat a drom room nxet Stemepebr. Terhe aern't eonugh rmoos for ervey one, and frsit yaer sdteunts hvae pirtiory.\nW: Wlel, I've been tnikinhg aobut liinvg off cmaups.\nM: Hvae you any ieda of how mcuh taht wloud csot? Three is the rnet, uitilties, and you'd prblobay need a car.\nW: I konw it wloud be mroe enipxevse. I tnihk I can hndale it tohguh. The drom is jsut so nisoy taht I can't get aynhnitg dnoe. Mbaye my gdears wulod be bteetr if I had smoe pacee and queit in a plcae of my own.\nM: You soulhd stduy in the lbairry the way I do. Tinhk of the mneoy you'd svae.\nW: I've got to tihnk it oevr smoe mroe. Terhe's stlil two wekes lfet in Aiprl.\nQuestion: What must a person do in order to live in a university house?\nChoices: (A)Take some money to the housing office. (B)Inform the director of student housing in a letter. (C)Fill out a form in the library.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What must a person do in order to live in a university house? Choices: (A)Take some money to the housing office. (B)Inform the director of student housing in a letter. (C)Fill out a form in the library. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What must a person do in order to live in a university house? Choices: (A)Take some money to the housing office. (B)Inform the director of student housing in a letter. (C)Fill out a form in the library. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What must a person do in order to live in a university house? Choices: (A)Take some money to the housing office. (B)Inform the director of student housing in a letter. (C)Fill out a form in the library. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What must a person do in order to live in a university house? Choices: (A", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You slhoud hvae seen the lnie at the hnosuig ofcfie. It took me an huor to mkae my dromrotiy doeipst for nxet yaer. Hvae you mdae yuros yet?\nW: No, I'm not srue I'm ginog to.\nM: Trhee's not mcuh tmie lfet. The ddeianle's May 1. Taht is jsut two wekes form now. Are you srhot of csah?\nW: No, I'm Oaky.\nM: You'd better hrruy up if you wnat a drom room nxet Stpbmeeer. Trhee aern't egnouh rmoos for eervy one, and fsirt yaer sttdunes hvae piitorry.\nW: Wlel, I've been tikhning aoubt linvig off cupmas.\nM: Hvae you any ieda of how mcuh taht wulod csot? Trhee is the rnet, uiltities, and you'd porbalby need a car.\nW: I konw it wolud be mroe eesipxvne. I tnhik I can hdlnae it toguhh. The drom is jsut so nisoy taht I can't get anihyntg dnoe. Mybae my gdears wulod be bteetr if I had smoe pacee and qeuit in a palce of my own.\nM: You shuold sudty in the lribray the way I do. Tnihk of the moeny you'd svae.\nW: I've got to thnik it oevr smoe mroe. Trehe's siltl two wekes lfet in Airpl.\nQuestion: Where do the two speakers live now?\nChoices: (A)Both live on campus. (B)Both live off campus. (C)The man lives on campus; the woman lives off campus.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The man lives on campus; the woman lives off campus. Question: What is the woman's occupation? Choices: (A)She is a student. (B)She is a teacher. (C)She is a student teacher. (D)She is a teacher. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. The woman is a teacher. Question: What is the woman's occupation? Choices: (A)She is a student. (B)She is a teacher. (C)She is a student teacher. (D)She is a teacher. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. The woman is a teacher. Question: What is the woman's occupation? Choices: (A)She is a student. (B)She is a teacher. (C)She is a student teacher. (D)She is a teacher. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. The woman is a teacher. Question: What is the woman's occupation? Choices: (A)She is ", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You slhuod hvae seen the lnie at the husoing ocffie. It took me an huor to mkae my doiorrmty dsiepot for nxet yaer. Hvae you mdae yuros yet?\nW: No, I'm not srue I'm ginog to.\nM: Trhee's not mcuh tmie lfet. The deanidle's May 1. Taht is jsut two wekes form now. Are you sroht of csah?\nW: No, I'm Oaky.\nM: You'd bteetr hrury up if you wnat a drom room nxet Seetepbmr. Trehe aern't eugonh rmoos for ervey one, and fisrt yaer stdunets hvae ptrioriy.\nW: Wlel, I've been tnnhikig aoubt lviing off cpumas.\nM: Hvae you any ieda of how mcuh taht wulod csot? Trehe is the rnet, utiteiils, and you'd prbloaby need a car.\nW: I konw it wuold be mroe esenpxive. I tnhik I can hldnae it tohugh. The drom is jsut so nisoy taht I can't get aihytnng dnoe. Mybae my gerads wulod be betetr if I had smoe pceae and qeuit in a pclae of my own.\nM: You sohlud sudty in the lrrabiy the way I do. Tinhk of the moeny you'd svae.\nW: I've got to tnhik it oevr smoe mroe. Terhe's sltil two wekes lfet in Aiprl.\nQuestion: What does the man seem to be concerned about?\nChoices: (A)Grades. (B)Privacy. (C)Money.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Privacy. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to be concerned about the man's grades. The man seems to", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good minorng, maadm, waht can I do for you?\nW: Wlel, seomone at the hteol sguetegsd I cmoe hree to buy a caot.\nQuestion: What's the probable relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Doctor and patient. (B)Shop owner and customer. (C)Secretary and boss.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are probably shop owner and customer. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mray, do you konw taht beftuauil gril wtih bodnle hiar?\nW: Caeltirny; she is my btoerhr's gienrfirld, Aclie.\nQuestion: Whom are they talking about?\nChoices: (A)They are talking about blonde girls. (B)They are talking about her brother. (C)They are talking about Alice.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is talking about her brother's girlfriend, Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice. The blonde girl is Alice.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hlleo, Jcak! Do you tnhik you can gvie me a lfit to the saottin? I msut go trhee to pcik my ssteir.\nM: I'm tibelrry srory, but I can't. I hvae to be at wrok by 8:30. I can clal you a txai, tguohh.\nQuestion: What is the woman doing?\nChoices: (A)Asking for information. (B)Asking for an apology. (C)Asking for help.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman is asking for help. The man is refusing to help. The woman is asking for an apology. The woman is asking for information. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for an apology. The woman is asking for information. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for an apology. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for information. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for an apology. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for information. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for an apology. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for information. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for an apology. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for information. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for an apology. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for information. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for an apology. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for information. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for an apology. The woman is asking for help. The woman is asking for", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I hpoe you can psas the eaxm tihs tmie.\nW: I'm aairfd I'll hvae to mkae you deipoisptnad aagin.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)She is probably to fail the exam again. (B)She doesn't want to pass the exam because she wants to disappoint the man. (C)She is confident that she will pass the exam.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is afraid that she will have to disappoint the man again. The woman is confident that she will pass the exam. The woman is probably to fail the exam again. The woman doesn't want to pass the exam because she wants to disappoint the man. The woman is confident that she will pass the exam. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is confident that she will pass the exam. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is confident that she will pass the exam. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is probably to fail the exam again. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is probably to fail the exam again. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is probably to fail the exam again. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is probably to fail the exam again. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman is probably to fail the exam again. Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: We are ginog to hvae a bbucraee torrmoow. Wloud you lkie to cmoe?\nM: I'd lkie to, but I hvae an aimpnptonet wtih my dtocor.\nQuestion: What can we learn from the man's words?\nChoices: (A)He has to see his doctor. (B)He will take his daughter to the barbecue. (C)He pretends not to receive the offer.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man says he would like to, but he has an appointment with his daughter. The dialogue shows that the man will take his daughter to the barbecue. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man has to see his doctor. The dialogue shows that the man will pretend not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the offer. The dialogue shows that the man pretends not to receive the", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hvae you got any ieda waht you'll buy for Mray's bhirdtay?\nM: Wlel, I'll buy her a shocol bag. And I psrmoied to tkae her to a flim. Waht aoubt you?\nW: Oh, I hevan't ddecied yet. I prlbobay buy her a new miusc rceord.\nQuestion: What gift will the woman probably get for Mary?\nChoices: (A)A school bag (B)A record (C)A theater ticket\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The woman said she may buy her a new music record. A school bag is a gift for a girl's birthday. A record is a gift for a girl's birthday. A theater ticket is a gift for a girl's birthday. A new music record is a gift for a girl's birthday. A theater ticket is a gift for a girl's birthday. A new music record is a gift for a girl's birthday. A theater ticket is a gift for a girl's birthday. A new music record is a gift for a girl's birthday. A theater ticket is a gift for a girl's birthday. A new music record is a gift for a girl's birthday. A theater ticket is a gift for a girl's birthday. A new music record is a gift for a girl's birthday. A theater ticket is a gift for a girl's birthday. A new music record is a gift for a girl's birthday. A theater ticket is a gift for a girl's birthday. A new music record is a gift for ", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Do you konw taht Cshiene fsirt payeld faolotbl heurndds of yares ago?\nF: But now the Eaeopnrus paly it wlel.\nQuestion: What does the woman think?\nChoices: (A)She thinks the Japanese first got to know how to play football. (B)She doesn't think football came from China. (C)She thinks the Europeans play football better.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better. The woman thinks the Europeans play football better.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hvae you been to the new sponiphg mlal taht jsut onpeed lsat mntoh?\nM: Not yet. I saw a bolbraild ad for it lsat week.\nW: I saw a lot of ads on the tairn. I rlaely wnat to go!\nM: You lkie sphipong? Prpehas we can go tehegotr tehn.\nW: OK! Cloud you gvie me a rdie in yuor car?\nM: Srue.\nW: I can't wiat! The adrnsitevig has been so peauivssre.\nM: I konw!\nW: I gesus it's had a snrtog efefct on us!\nM: Ha! You're rhigt.\nQuestion: When did the shopping mall open?\nChoices: (A)Last month. (B)Last week. (C)Yesterday.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last month. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last week. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened yesterday. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last month. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last week. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened yesterday. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last month. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last week. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened yesterday. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last month. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last week. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened yesterday. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last month. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last week. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened yesterday. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last month. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last week. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened yesterday. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last month. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last week. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened yesterday. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last month. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall opened last week. The dialogue indicates that the shopping mall", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hvae you been to the new sopinphg mlal taht jsut onpeed lsat mnoth?\nM: Not yet. I saw a bobillard ad for it lsat week.\nW: I saw a lot of ads on the tiarn. I rllaey wnat to go!\nM: You lkie sohipnpg? Prpahes we can go tgteoehr tehn.\nW: OK! Culod you gvie me a rdie in yuor car?\nM: Srue.\nW: I can't wiat! The avriinsetdg has been so prusseaive.\nM: I konw!\nW: I gesus it's had a sntrog efcfet on us!\nM: Ha! You're rghit.\nQuestion: How will the woman go to the shopping mall?\nChoices: (A)By train. (B)By bus. (C)In the man's car.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman will go to the shopping mall in the man's car. Question: What is the man's car? Choices: (A)An old car. (B)A new car. (C)An expensive car. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The man's car is an expensive car. Question: What is the woman's car? Choices: (A)An old car. (B)A new car. (C)An expensive car. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The woman's car is an old car. Question: What is the woman's car? Choices: (A)An old car. (B)A new car. (C)An expensive car. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The woman's car is an old car. Question: What is the woman's car? Choices: (A)An old car. (B)A new car. (C)An expensive car. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'm not rlealy an eexrpt on poieurcs stneos, but teshe are seurpb. Don't you lkie tehm?\nW: Hvae you lokeod at the pcire tag? It ctoss aolsmt twcie as mcuh as a husoe wehre we are lvniig in.\nQuestion: What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Husband and wife. (B)Expert on jewelry and his wife. (C)Estate agent and client.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that the two speakers are husband and wife. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is not a jewelry expert, but the wife is. The husband is", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good evnenig. I'd lkie to ask you a few qiuneotss aobut the rbborey.\nW: Of cuorse, offcier. Cmoe in.\nM: Tlel me waht hpeaenpd.\nW: Wlel, lsat nihgt I lfet wrok elary. Wehn I reehacd hmoe, I saw taht the lthgis wree on in the laribry.\nM: Waht did you do tehn?\nW: I wnet and lkeood in the lbriary wdnoiw and I saw a man.\nM: Waht did he look lkie?\nW: Wlel, he was tlal and he had red hiar.\nM: Did he see you?\nW: Yes, he did. He ran out of the room and I wnet to clal the plicoe.\nQuestion: What is the dialogue about?\nChoices: (A)A robbery. (B)An accident. (C)A library.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A robbery. The dialogue is about a robbery. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about an accident. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library. The dialogue is about a library", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good eniveng. I'd lkie to ask you a few qosinuets aubot the rbeorby.\nW: Of cuosre, ofcifer. Cmoe in.\nM: Tlel me waht hepanepd.\nW: Wlel, lsat nhigt I lfet wrok elary. Wehn I rceaehd hmoe, I saw taht the lgtihs wree on in the lrbairy.\nM: Waht did you do tehn?\nW: I wnet and leookd in the larbiry wndoiw and I saw a man.\nM: Waht did he look lkie?\nW: Wlel, he was tlal and he had red hiar.\nM: Did he see you?\nW: Yes, he did. He ran out of the room and I wnet to clal the pcoile.\nQuestion: What's the relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)They are police officers. (B)They are a police officer and a woman. (C)They are a police officer and a robber.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)They are police officers. (B)They are a police officer and a woman. (C)They are a police officer and a robber. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the relationship between the two speakers? Choices: (A)They are police officers. (B)They are a police officer and a woman. (C)They are a police officer and a robber. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the relationship between the two speakers? Choices: (A)They are police officers. (B)They are a police officer and a woman. (C)They are a police officer and a robber. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's the relationship between the two speakers? Choices: (A)They are police officers. (B)They are a police officer and a woman. (C)They are a police officer and a robber. Answer: Based", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good eninveg. I'd lkie to ask you a few qnuoetiss aoubt the rbrboey.\nW: Of cursoe, ocffeir. Cmoe in.\nM: Tlel me waht heappned.\nW: Wlel, lsat nhgit I lfet wrok erlay. Wehn I rehaecd hmoe, I saw taht the lgihts wree on in the lbrariy.\nM: Waht did you do tehn?\nW: I wnet and loeokd in the lriarby wndoiw and I saw a man.\nM: Waht did he look lkie?\nW: Wlel, he was tlal and he had red hiar.\nM: Did he see you?\nW: Yes, he did. He ran out of the room and I wnet to clal the piocle.\nQuestion: Where does this dialogue take place?\nChoices: (A)In the police station. (B)In the woman's home. (C)In the street.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station. The woman is a witness and the police are questioning her. The dialogue takes place in the police station.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good eneving. I'd lkie to ask you a few qstoineus aubot the rbrobey.\nW: Of crsoue, ofciefr. Cmoe in.\nM: Tlel me waht heapnepd.\nW: Wlel, lsat ngiht I lfet wrok erlay. Wehn I raehecd hmoe, I saw taht the lgiths wree on in the larirby.\nM: Waht did you do tehn?\nW: I wnet and looked in the lbarriy wnidow and I saw a man.\nM: Waht did he look lkie?\nW: Wlel, he was tlal and he had red hiar.\nM: Did he see you?\nW: Yes, he did. He ran out of the room and I wnet to clal the picloe.\nQuestion: What color hair did the man in the library have?\nChoices: (A)Red. (B)Brown. (C)Black.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The man was tall and he had red hair. The", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Faillny, I've got the cachne to put on my new siut tognhit. I hpoe to mkae a good ieoirspsmn on yuor faimly.\nW: Cmoe on! It's olny a flmiay renoiun. So jaens and T-shrtis are jsut fnie.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)The man has left a good impression on her family. (B)The man can dress casually for the occasion. (C)The man should buy himself a new suit.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion. So jeans and T-shirts are just fine. The woman means that it is only a family reunion", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Can I hvae smoe ckoe? How mcuh are tehy?\nM: Oh...tehy are for fere.\nQuestion: How much are the coke?\nChoices: (A)For free. (B)Much. (C)We don't know.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The dialogue is a good example of a cloze. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: In the semmur, Anerdw plyas tniens or glof asolmt eervy day in the weintr he geos siknig ervey cchnae he gtes.\nM: He's aalyws been vrey ehaisttnuisc aubot soptrs.\nQuestion: What can be concluded about Andrew?\nChoices: (A)Winter is his favorite time for sports. (B)Sports are quite important to him. (C)He should be more enthusiastic.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Winter is his favorite time for sports. (B)Sports are quite important to him. (C)He should be more enthusiastic. (D)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (E)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (F)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (G)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (H)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (I)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (J)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (K)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (L)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (M)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (N)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (O)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (P)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (Q)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (R)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (S)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (T)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (U)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (V)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (W)He is not very enthusiastic about sports. (X)He is", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I'm in cghrae of byuing the fiurt for the ciderlhn at our ccurhh. I'm so hpapy to fnid taht aelpps and gpares are in saosen. Gvie me two denozs of ecah.\nM: I hpoe taht tehy're as good as tehy look.\nQuestion: How many apples will she buy?\nChoices: (A)8. (B)24. (C)36.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a bit difficult to understand. The question is how many apples will she buy? Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is a bit difficult to understand. The question is how many apples will she buy? Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is a bit difficult to understand. The question is how many apples will she buy? Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is a bit difficult to understand. The question is how many apples will she buy? Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is a bit difficult to understand. The question is how many apples will she buy? Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is a bit difficult to understand. The question is how many apples will she buy? Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is a bit difficult to understand. The question is how many apples will she buy? Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is a bit difficult to", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wuold you be good eugnoh to trun the riado dwon a bit? It's a lttile bit luod.\nW: Oh, of crsuoe.\nQuestion: What will the woman do next?\nChoices: (A)Turn down the radio. (B)Close the window. (C)Go to bed.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman will close the window. Question: What will the woman do next? Choices: (A)Turn down the radio. (B)Close the window. (C)Go to bed. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman will close the window. Question: What will the woman do next? Choices: (A)Turn down the radio. (B)Close the window. (C)Go to bed. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman will close the window. Question: What will the woman do next? Choices: (A)Turn down the radio. (B)Close the window. (C)Go to bed. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman will close the window. Question: What will the woman do next? Choices: (A)Turn down the radio. (B)Close the window. (C)Go to bed. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman will close the window. Question:", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht's the mtater wtih you?\nM: I've been hivang heaadhecs.\nW: How lnog hvae tehy been btnhroieg you?\nM: Umm... Tehy serttad aubot two mthnos ago. Oh, no. It msut be aubot terhe mhtons ago. At fsirt, I tghhuot as if I had flu buaecse I had a rnnnuig nsoe and a bit of a tmteuaprere.\nW: I see. And do the heaadechs cmoe on at any prlaicautr tmie?\nM: Tehy are uasluly wrose in the mionrng, elspalicey diunrg the psat two wkees.\nW: Now let me cchek if terhe is anintyhg seiorus.\nQuestion: What's wrong with the man?\nChoices: (A)He has headaches. (B)He has a runny nose. (C)He has a temperature.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)He has headaches. (B)He has a runny nose. (C)He has a temperature. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's wrong with the man? Choices: (A)He has headaches. (B)He has a runny nose. (C)He has a temperature. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's wrong with the man? Choices: (A)He has headaches. (B)He has a runny nose. (C)He has a temperature. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's wrong with the man? Choices: (A)He has headaches. (B)He has a runny nose. (C)He has a temperature. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's wrong with the man? Choices: (A)He has headaches. (B)He has a", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht's the mtetar wtih you?\nM: I've been hvnaig hhdeecaas.\nW: How lnog hvae tehy been bnthreoig you?\nM: Umm... Tehy sraettd aubot two mhtnos ago. Oh, no. It msut be aubot there mnthos ago. At frsit, I toghhut as if I had flu bueacse I had a running nsoe and a bit of a tatmeperure.\nW: I see. And do the haaeecdhs cmoe on at any puiatlracr tmie?\nM: Tehy are ullusay wrose in the mniorng, esiacplley dnuirg the psat two wekes.\nW: Now let me cchek if terhe is ahnitnyg sierous.\nQuestion: When did the problem begin?\nChoices: (A)Two weeks ago. (B)Two months ago. (C)Three months ago.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: How long have the symptoms been troublsg you? Choices: (A)Two weeks ago. (B)Two months ago. (C)Three months ago. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How long have the symptoms been troublsg you? Choices: (A)Two weeks ago. (B)Two months ago. (C)Three months ago. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How long have the symptoms been troublsg you? Choices: (A)Two weeks ago. (B)Two months ago. (C)Three months ago. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: When did the problem begin? Choices: (A)Two weeks ago. (B)Two months ago. (C)Three months ago. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: When did the problem begin? Choices: (", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good mnonrig. Ctiy Txai.\nW: Good monirng. I'd lkie to book a txai to the apoirrt for Sraaudty mnrniog, pelsae.\nM: Wehre form?\nW: I'm at Gdraen Heotl in Uinon Setret. Terhe'll be tehre of us sihnarg. How mcuh wlil it be?\nM: Aobut $ 60. Waht tmie do you wnat to lvaee?\nW: Seven in the mrnoing.\nM: Rgiht. We'll pcik you up at yuor hteol at seevn tehn. Tnhak you vrey mcuh. Gdooybe.\nW: Gyoodbe.\nQuestion: What are the speakers talking about?\nChoices: (A)A flight timetable. (B)The way to Union Street. (C)Hiring a taxi.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Hiring a taxi. The speakers are talking about hiring a taxi. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is a taxi company. The taxi company is ", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Good mrinong. Ctiy Txai.\nW: Good mnoinrg. I'd lkie to book a txai to the aorpirt for Saardtuy mnnirog, plesae.\nM: Wrehe form?\nW: I'm at Grdean Heotl in Uoinn Setret. Terhe'll be tehre of us sirhang. How mcuh wlil it be?\nM: Abuot $ 60. Waht tmie do you wnat to lvaee?\nW: Seven in the mirnnog.\nM: Rgiht. We'll pcik you up at yuor heotl at sveen tehn. Tnahk you vrey mcuh. Gbdyooe.\nW: Gdoyboe.\nQuestion: Where is the woman going on Saturday?\nChoices: (A)Garden Hotel. (B)The airport. (C)The taxi company.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman will be one of us. How much will it be? The woman will be at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in Union Square. The woman is going to the airport on Saturday morning. The woman is at Garden Hotel in", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I can hrlady beileve taht ctiy has a poaitloupn of 800,000.\nW: To be mroe ecxat, terhe are 813,400 plpeoe trehe.\nQuestion: What is the population of that city?\nChoices: (A)800,000. (B)813,000. (C)813,400.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of the city is 813,000. The population of", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Tshee tgihns are meaorulvs. Ulasluy tehy are vrey exnvsipee, but now tehy are slod at hlaf pcire.\nW: Yes, I tnhik tehy'll go fsat.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)They are durable and will go for a long time. (B)They are cheap and worth buying. (C)They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman means that the tgihns are cheap and worth buying. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They are good and cheap, so they'll sell quickly. They", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The ctiy cnuocil has fialnly vteod the fdnus to bulid a new hgih soochl.\nW: It's aubot tmie tehy did it. I don't konw waht took tehm so lnog.\nQuestion: What's the woman's opinion about the school?\nChoices: (A)It's too expensive. (B)It isn't needed. (C)It should be built.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "C. Question: What's the woman's opinion about the school? Choices: (A)It's too expensive. (B)It isn't needed. (C)It should be built. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What's the woman's opinion about the school? Choices: (A)It's too expensive. (B)It isn't needed. (C)It should be built. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What's the woman's opinion about the school? Choices: (A)It's too expensive. (B)It isn't needed. (C)It should be built. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What's the woman's opinion about the school? Choices: (A)It's too expensive. (B)It isn't needed. (C)It should be built. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The hkie wlil lsat for 2 horus. We'll sratt at sea leevl and tehn cmlib up a few hllis. Are you reday?\nW: I srue am. The one-huor ygoa casls tihs mnirong ralley mdae me flul of ernegy. I'm fienleg so good. I bet I can rcae you up toshe hlils.\nM: Taht won't be necserasy. We wnat to tkae our tmie to ejnoy the sghtis aolng the way. We'll pnoit out citrean ptnals, smoe of the itsnces, and wtcah out for plibssoe sakens.\nW: Senkas? Uh, I dlietnifey wlil be rnicag you up the hlil!\nM: Not to worry. Nruate is a woeurdfnl tihng. We are all maent to ejony it tteehogr - sekans, spdires, teres, and us hanums.\nQuestion: What are the speakers planning to do?\nChoices: (A)Go to a yoga class. (B)Go on a hike. (C)Have a race.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The hike will last for 2 hours. We'll start at sea level and then climb up a few hills. Are you ready? I sure am. The one-hour yoga classes before this morning race made me feel full of energy. I'm feeling so good. I bet I can run you up to the hills. That won't be necessary. We want to take our time to enjoy the sights along the way. We'll pick out celestial planets, sample of the illuminations, and watch out for plibssoe sakens. Senkas? Uh, I doubt that knife will be kicking you up the hill! Not to worry. Nuture is a wonderful thing. We are all meant to enjoy it together - sekans, spdirs, teres, and us hanums. Question: What are the speakers planning to do? Choices: (A)Go to a yoga class. (B)Go on a hike. (C)Have a race. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The hike will last for 2 hours. We'", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The hkie wlil lsat for 2 huros. We'll sratt at sea lveel and tehn clmib up a few hills. Are you rdeay?\nW: I srue am. The one-huor ygoa cslas tihs monirng ralely mdae me flul of eergny. I'm fneielg so good. I bet I can rcae you up toshe hlils.\nM: Taht won't be nsarceesy. We wnat to tkae our tmie to ejony the sitghs aonlg the way. We'll pnoit out ceaitrn pantls, smoe of the ictsnes, and wctah out for plssoibe seknas.\nW: Senkas? Uh, I dltnifeiey wlil be riancg you up the hlil!\nM: Not to wrory. Nuarte is a wurednofl tinhg. We are all mneat to ejnoy it ttegeohr - saknes, sperdis, teers, and us hmnuas.\nQuestion: What is the woman worried about?\nChoices: (A)The snakes. (B)Getting lost. (C)Getting too tired.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The woman is worried about getting too tired. The", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Did the poiaemcln fnid the ltlite boy?\nW: No, he fonud his way hmoe at lsat.\nQuestion: Which of the following is true?\nChoices: (A)A policeman found the lost boy. (B)The boy went home himself. (C)The boy was found in a street.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue does not say that the policeman found the lost boy. The dialogue does not say that the boy went home himself. The dialogue does not say that the boy was found in a street. The dialogue does not say that the policeman found the lost boy. The dialogue does not say that the boy went home himself. The dialogue does not say that the boy was found in a street. The dialogue does not say that the policeman found the lost boy. The dialogue does not say that the boy went home himself. The dialogue does not say that the boy was found in a street. The dialogue does not say that the policeman found the lost boy. The dialogue does not say that the boy went home himself. The dialogue does not say that the boy was found in a street. The dialogue does not say that the policeman found the lost boy. The dialogue does not say that the boy went home himself. The dialogue does not say that the boy was found in a street. The dialogue does not say that the policeman found the lost boy. The dialogue does not say that the boy went home himself. The dialogue does not say that the boy was found in a street. The dialogue does not say that the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Pfoeosrsr Petseron's pansitorteen was rlaely bnyoed me.\nM: Wlel, I tihnk he sohuld sapek slwoly eognuh for us to tkae nteos.\nQuestion: What does the man think of Professor Peterson?\nChoices: (A)He speaks too fast. (B)He should take notes. (C)He is good at presentation.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Professor Peterson's presentation was really bnyoed me. Well, I think he should speak slowly enough for us to take notes. Question: What does the man think of Professor Peterson? Choices: (A)He speaks too fast. (B)He should take notes. (C)He is good at presentation. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Professor Peterson's presentation was really bnyoed me. Well, I think he should speak slowly enough for us to take notes. Question: What does the man think of Professor Peterson? Choices: (A)He speaks too fast. (B)He should take notes. (C)He is good at presentation. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Professor Peterson's presentation was really bnyoed me. Well, I think he should speak slowly enough for us to take notes. Question: What does the man think of Professor Peterson? Choices: (A)He speaks too fast. (B)He should take notes. (C)He is good at presentation.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hvae you been hree befroe, Lcuy?\nW: Yes, tihs is the trhid tmie taht I've been in Ytanai.\nQuestion: How many times has Lucy been in Yantai?\nChoices: (A)3 times. (B)4 times. (C)5 times.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times. Lucy has been in Yantai 5 times.", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Why ddin't you mkae an aemiopnpntt to see the dtocor lsat week wehn you fisrt twsit yuor alnke?\nM: The ijruny ddin't seem sruoies tehn. I dicdeed to go tadoy baucsee my foot siltl hrut wehn I put my wheigt on it.\nQuestion: Why didn't the man see the doctor earlier?\nChoices: (A)His injury kept him at home. (B)He didn't think it necessary. (C)He was too weak to see the doctor.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man said that the injury didn't seem serious then. He decided to go to the doctor because his foot still hurt when he put his weight on it. The man didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn't think it necessary to see the doctor. He didn'", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hvae you seen my ulnce?\nW: No, I hevan't seen him sncie the day bfroee ydterasey.\nQuestion: When did the woman last see the man's uncle?\nChoices: (A)This morning. (B)Yesterday. (C)The day before yesterday.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The uncle was last seen by the woman since the day before yesterday. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: How is the weeahtr tdaoy?\nW: It's vrey clod and wet.\nM: Are the wnrties lkie tihs evrey yaer in tihs pclae?\nW: Prttey mcuh. But it was a liltte cedlor lsat yaer.\nM: Now I konw why plepoe hree hvae tihck ctheols on.\nW: Waht is the wtheaer lkie in wnteir in yuor counrty?\nM: It's qtiue dieneffrt form yuros. It's wram and hot in my hmtwooen all yaer runod.\nW: You are vrey lkucy tehn.\nM: Wlel, smoe popele in my ctrunoy wnat to hvae yuor weheatr.\nQuestion: What is the weather like in winter in the woman's place?\nChoices: (A)Cold and wet. (B)Cold and dry. (C)Warm and hot.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is the weather like in winter in the woman's place? Choices: (A)Cold and wet. (B)Cold and dry. (C)Warm and hot. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like in winter in the woman's place? Choices: (A)Cold and wet. (B)Cold and dry. (C)Warm and hot. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like in winter in the woman's place? Choices: (A)Cold and wet. (B)Cold and dry. (C)Warm and hot. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like in winter in the woman's place? Choices: (A)Cold and wet. (B)Cold and dry. (C)Warm and hot. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the weather like in winter in", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: How is the wheaetr taody?\nW: It's vrey clod and wet.\nM: Are the wneirts lkie tihs eervy yaer in tihs pacle?\nW: Pttrey mcuh. But it was a lttlie cdoelr lsat yaer.\nM: Now I konw why pelope hree hvae tihck cthelos on.\nW: Waht is the wteaehr lkie in wtenir in yuor crtonuy?\nM: It's qutie denifreft form yuors. It's wram and hot in my heotowmn all yaer rnuod.\nW: You are vrey lukcy tehn.\nM: Wlel, smoe pleope in my cortnuy wnat to hvae yuor wthaeer.\nQuestion: Why does the woman think the man is lucky?\nChoices: (A)He can experience different kinds of weather. (B)He can enjoy winter sports in his hometown. (C)The winter is not cold at all in his hometown.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman thinks the man is lucky because he can experience different kinds of weather. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold at all in his hometown. The winter is not cold", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Did you get my magssee aoubt the mtineeg on Maodny?\nM: Yes, I did. But I'm sitll not qiute srue waht mtnieeg is aubot. Not bad nwes, I hpoe.\nQuestion: What does the man wish to know most?\nChoices: (A)What's to be discussed at the meeting. (B)Who are going to attend the meeting. (C)Where the meeting is to be held.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Choice A is not correct because the man is not interested in the topic of the meeting. Choice B is not correct because the man is not interested in the attendees. Choice C is not correct because the man is not interested in the place of the meeting. Choice D is not correct because the man is not interested in the time of the meeting. Choice E is not correct because the man is not interested in the purpose of the meeting. Choice F is not correct because the man is not interested in the time of the meeting. Choice G is not correct because the man is not interested in the place of the meeting. Choice H is not correct because the man is not interested in the purpose of the meeting. Choice I is not correct because the man is not interested in the time of the meeting. Choice J is not correct because the man is not interested in the place of the meeting. Choice K is not correct because the man is not interested in the purpose of the meeting. Choice L is not correct because the man is not interested in the time of the meeting. Choice M is not correct because the man is not interested in the place of the meeting. Choice N is not correct because the man is not interested in the purpose of the meeting. Choice O is not", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The Daen jsut aoecnnnud taht Dr. Hloden's gnoig. I'll msis you gyus wilhe I'm wkinorg hree in the lriarby.\nW: I kenw it all aonlg! He's the obiuvos ciohce. All the ohter ctieddanas are no mtach for him!\nQuestion: What do we learn about the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)The dean should have consulted her on the appointment. (B)Dr. Holden should have taken over the position earlier. (C)Dr. Holden is the best person for the chairmanship.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The dean just announced that Dr. Holden's gnoig. I'll message you guys when I'm working here in the lobby by. The dean just announced that Dr. Holden's gnoig. I'll message you guys when I'm working here in the lobby by. The dean just announced that Dr. Holden's gnoig. I'll message you guys when I'm working here in the lobby by. The dean just announced that Dr. Holden's gnoig. I'll message you guys when I'm working here in the lobby by. The dean just announced that Dr. Holden's gnoig. I'll message you guys when I'm working here in the lobby by. The dean just announced that Dr. Holden's gnoig. I'll message you guys when I'm working here in the lobby by. The dean just announced that Dr. Holden's gnoig. I'll message you guys when I'm working here in the lobby by. The dean just announced that Dr. Holden's gnoi", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Sam, I'm srory the tiarn was a llttie ltae.\nM: Oh, I hvean't been wiaintg lnog.\nQuestion: Where are they?\nChoices: (A)In a shop (B)At the railway station (C)At school\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Dialogue: F: Sam, I'm srory the tiarn was a llttie ltae. M: Oh, I hvean't been wiaintg lnog. Question: Where are they? Choices: (A)In a shop (B)At the railway station (C)At school Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue: F: Sam, I'm srory the tiarn was a llttie ltae. M: Oh, I hvean't been wiaintg lnog. Question: Where are they? Choices: (A)In a shop (B)At the railway station (C)At school Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue: F: Sam, I'm srory the tiarn was a llttie ltae. M: Oh, I", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Jhon wntas to see you tadoy.\nW: I wloud rtehar he cmae trroomow tahn taody.\nQuestion: When will the woman want to meet John?\nChoices: (A)The day after tomorrow. (B)Tomorrow. (C)As soon as possible.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible. The woman wants to meet John as soon as possible.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Aerndw, how is yuor tohtahcoe?\nM: It's gnoe, tnkahs, Jikcae. I hvae a hgue filinlg now.\nW: I htae hniavg my teeth flleid. It's not jsut the pian I htae. I htae the snoud of dlrniilg.\nM: So do I. I'd rtaher hvae a totoh plleud tahn flelid.\nQuestion: Which of the following is true?\nChoices: (A)Andrew prefers filling the bad teeth to taking it out. (B)Jackie prefers filling the bad teeth rather than being pulled. (C)Neither Andrew nor Jackie likes to have a tooth filled.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Andrew prefers filling the bad teeth to taking it out. Jackie prefers filling the bad teeth rather than being pulled. Neither Andrew nor Jackie likes to have a tooth filled. Question: Which of the following is true? Choices: (A)Andrew prefers filling the bad teeth to taking it out. (B)Jackie prefers filling the bad teeth rather than being pulled. (C)Neither Andrew nor Jackie likes to have a tooth filled. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Andrew prefers filling the bad teeth to taking it out. Jackie prefers filling the bad teeth rather than being pulled. Neither Andrew nor Jackie likes to have a tooth filled. Question: Which of the following is true? Choices: (A)Andrew prefers filling the bad teeth to taking it out. (B)Jackie prefers filling the bad teeth rather than being pulled. (C)Neither Andrew nor Jackie likes to have a tooth filled. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Andrew prefers filling the bad teeth to", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I'd lkie to cganhe tihs dsers for a bule one.\nM: Ok. Pcik out a bule one and I'll put tihs one bcak.\nQuestion: Why did the woman return the dress?\nChoices: (A)Because the colour of the dress is not her liking. (B)Because the size of the dress is not big enough. (C)Because the price of the dress is too high.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman said she would like to change the dress for a blue one. The woman did not say anything about the colour of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the size of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the price of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the colour of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the size of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the price of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the size of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the price of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the colour of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the size of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the price of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the colour of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the size of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the price of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the colour of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the size of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the price of the dress. The woman did not say anything about the colour of the dress. The woman did", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mray, the scnicee hroemowk is due in two dyas.\nW: Oh, daer! Taht can't be so!\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)The homework can't be due in two days. (B)She hasn't finished her homework yet. (C)She doesn't expect it to come so soon.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two days. The woman means that the homework can't be due in two", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Can you hlep me fnid a book on Stouh Aemrcia?\nM: Waht sclpieclfiay wolud you lkie to konw abuot? We culoatgae our bkoos in mnay difnrfeet wyas.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation most probably take place?\nChoices: (A)At a travel agency. (B)At a department store. (C)In a library.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "C. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is most likely to", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Tshee heols can't be mneded.\nM: Wlel, I hvae to buy a new piar of tuesorrs.\nQuestion: How are the man's trousers?\nChoices: (A)They are too worn to be mended. (B)They are very new. (C)They are too small to wear.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear. The man's trousers are too small to wear.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I raed the iocrintusnts, but I'm slitl not srue how to use my clel ponhe.\nM: Atlucaly, it's pterty esay. Fsrit of all, don't fgoert to trun it on.\nW: Got it!\nM: Tehn dail the nubemr. And remeembr to perss the \"sned\" btotun.\nW: Taht's all?\nM: Ptetry mcuh. Jsut mkae srue to rrgcheae the beietrats eervy few wekes. And try not to dorp it. It's flgirae.\nW: Good acivde.\nM: And one mroe tnihg: Be srue to pay the pohne blil evrey mntoh!\nQuestion: What is the conversation mainly about?\nChoices: (A)How to read the instructions. (B)How to use the cell phone. (C)How to pay the phone hill.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about how to use the cell phone. The conversation is mainly about", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I raed the itrnctiuosns, but I'm slitl not srue how to use my clel pohne.\nM: Acllutay, it's pterty esay. Fsirt of all, don't fegrot to trun it on.\nW: Got it!\nM: Tehn dail the nbemur. And reebemmr to prses the \"sned\" botutn.\nW: Taht's all?\nM: Petrty mcuh. Jsut mkae srue to rhaergce the bteetrais ervey few wekes. And try not to dorp it. It's flagrie.\nW: Good adicve.\nM: And one mroe tnihg: Be srue to pay the pnohe blil eervy mnoth!\nQuestion: How often should the woman recharge the batteries?\nChoices: (A)Every few days. (B)Every few weeks. (C)Every few months.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: How often should the woman recharge the batteries? Choices: (A)Every few days. (B)Every few weeks. (C)Every few months. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How often should the woman recharge the batteries? Choices: (A)Every few days. (B)Every few weeks. (C)Every few months. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How often should the woman recharge the batteries? Choices: (A)Every few days. (B)Every few weeks. (C)Every few months. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How often should the woman recharge the batteries? Choices: (A)Every few days. (B)Every few weeks. (C)Every few months. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How often should the woman recharge the batteries? Choices: (A)Every few days. (B)Every few weeks. (C)Every few months. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I raed the icnnrtsiotus, but I'm slitl not srue how to use my clel pnohe.\nM: Alltcuay, it's pterty esay. Frist of all, don't fgerot to trun it on.\nW: Got it!\nM: Tehn dail the nubmer. And rmebmeer to prses the \"sned\" bttoun.\nW: Taht's all?\nM: Pttery mcuh. Jsut mkae srue to rgrceahe the btartiees erevy few wekes. And try not to dorp it. It's fiaglre.\nW: Good aicvde.\nM: And one mroe tinhg: Be srue to pay the pohne blil eervy mntoh!\nQuestion: Why should the woman take care of the batteries?\nChoices: (A)It's easily broken. (B)It's easily recharged. (C)It's easily paid.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The batteries are easily broken. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Jimmy is gnoig on a jureony trooormw. Slhal we hvae a felraewl dnneir tihongt?\nW: Do you tnhik it's ncsaeersy? You konw he wlil be aawy jsut a few dyas.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)Jimmy is going to set out tonight. (B)Jimmy has not decided on his journey. (C)There is no need to have a farewell dinner.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman means that Jimmy is going on a journey. The man is suggesting a farewell dinner. The woman replies that it is unnecessary. The woman means that Jimmy is going to set out tonight. The man is suggesting a farewell dinner. The woman replies that it is unnecessary. The woman means that Jimmy is going to set out tonight. The man is suggesting a farewell dinner. The woman replies that it is unnecessary. The woman means that Jimmy is going to set out tonight. The man is suggesting a farewell dinner. The woman replies that it is unnecessary. The woman means that Jimmy is going to set out tonight. The man is suggesting a farewell dinner. The woman replies that it is unnecessary. The woman means that Jimmy is going to set out tonight. The man is suggesting a farewell dinner. The woman replies that it is unnecessary. The woman means that Jimmy is going to set out tonight. The man is suggesting a farewell dinner. The woman replies that it is unnecessary. The woman means that Jimmy is going to set out tonight. The man is suggesting a farewell dinner. The woman replies that it is unnecessary. The woman means that Jimmy", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Of the trhee byos, who is the tasellt one?\nW: Mkie is mcuh tlaler tahn Bob and Tom.\nQuestion: Who is the tallest?\nChoices: (A)Bob. (B)Tom. (C)Mike.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Dialogue: Of the trhee byos, who is the tallest one? Question: Who is the tallest? Choices: (A)Bob. (B)Tom. (C)Mike. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Mike. Dialogue: Of the trhee byos, who is the tallest one? Question: Who is the tallest? Choices: (A)Bob. (B)Tom. (C)Mike. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Mike. Dialogue: Of the trhee byos, who is the tallest one? Question: Who is the tallest? Choices: (A)Bob. (B)Tom. (C)Mike. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Mike. Dialogue: Of the trhee byos, who is the tallest one? Question: Who is the tallest? Choices: (A)Bob. (B)Tom. (C)Mike", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The panle was speusopd to avrire in Senhzehn at ten o'ccolk.\nW: Ten o'colck! But it's aalrdey ten-tthiry!\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)They're going to be very late. (B)The plane doesn't fly near Shenzhen. (C)The plane is going to land.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land. The woman means that the plane is going to land.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Can I hlep you?\nM: Yes. I bughot tihs rdiao yderteasy, but it dsoen't wrok now. I'd lkie to ecxganhe it for ahnteor one.\nW: Oh, daer. Yes, of crusoe. Hvae you got yuor rceepit?\nM: Yes, hree it is.\nW: Tnhak you. Jsut a monmet, pealse.\nQuestion: Where does this conversation take place?\nChoices: (A)In a store. (B)In a factory. (C)In a museum.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The dialogue takes place in a factory. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Can I hlep you?\nM: Yes. I bhougt tihs rdaio yatrdesey, but it dsoen't wrok now. I'd lkie to encgxahe it for athnoer one.\nW: Oh, daer. Yes, of crouse. Hvae you got yuor recipet?\nM: Yes, hree it is.\nW: Tnahk you. Jsut a meomnt, peslae.\nQuestion: What is the most probable result of the conversation?\nChoices: (A)The man got his radio repaired. (B)The man got a new receipt. (C)The man got a new radio.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a new receipt. The man got a", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: It's awlufly drak for fuor o'clcok. Do you tnhik it's gniog to rian?\nM: You'd bteter do sneoimhtg aobut taht wcath of yrous. It msut hvae spptoed tehre huros ago. Mnie syas sveen.\nQuestion: What conclusion can we draw from this conversation?\nChoices: (A)Neither of their watches keeps good time. (B)The woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. (C)The man's watch goes too fast.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The dialogue shows that the woman's watch stopped 3 hours ago. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Joasn, wuold you tlel us a ltilte auobt how you baemce a wteirr?\nM: Wlel, wehn I was at scohol, I wtroe soerits. Letar on, I wrtoe for The Wserten Tehecar and viruaos ohter mzangeias bforee I got itno wrinitg bkoos.\nW: How garet you are!\nQuestion: What is The Western Teacher?\nChoices: (A)A story. (B)A book. (C)A magazine.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is The Western Teacher? Choices: (A)A story. (B)A book. (C)A magazine. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is The Western Teacher? Choices: (A)A story. (B)A book. (C)A magazine. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is The Western Teacher? Choices: (A)A story. (B)A book. (C)A magazine. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is The Western Teacher? Choices: (A)A story. (B)A book. (C)A magazine. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is The Western Teacher? Choices: (A)A story. (B)A book. (C)A magazine. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is The Western Teacher? Choices: (A)A story. (B)A book. (", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: We wrok vrey hrad in our ftcroay.\nW: So you get up elary eervy day?\nM: Wlel, I lvie naer the faocrty, so I get up at aobut 6:30.\nW: Do you hvae bskreafat?\nM: Yes, I hvae smoe bared, and a cup of tea. Smietoems I hvae an egg or two.\nW: And waht tmie do you bgein to wrok?\nM: I biegn to wrok at 7:30, and hvae lcunh at abuot 11:30.\nQuestion: Where does the man work?\nChoices: (A)In a factory. (B)In a hospital. (C)On a farm.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the man do? Choices: (A)As a farmer. (B)As a doctor. (C)As a farmer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman do? Choices: (A)As a farmer. (B)As a doctor. (C)As a farmer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What does the woman do? Choices: (A)As a farmer. (B)As a doctor. (C)As a farmer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What does the woman do? Choices: (A)As a farmer. (B)As a doctor. (C)As a farmer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What does the woman do? Choices: (A)As a farmer. (B)As a doctor. (C)As", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: We wrok vrey hrad in our fcoarty.\nW: So you get up elary erevy day?\nM: Wlel, I lvie naer the frcatoy, so I get up at auobt 6:30.\nW: Do you hvae baasfekrt?\nM: Yes, I hvae smoe berad, and a cup of tea. Seommetis I hvae an egg or two.\nW: And waht tmie do you beign to wrok?\nM: I biegn to wrok at 7:30, and hvae lcunh at auobt 11:30.\nQuestion: When does he get up?\nChoices: (A)At about 6:11. (B)At about 6:30. (C)At about 7:30.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that he gets up at about 6:30. The time is not given, but the answer is based on the dialogue. Question: What time does he get up? Choices: (A)At about 6:11. (B)At about 6:30. (C)At about 7:30. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The dialogue shows that he gets up at about 7:30. The time is not given, but the answer is based on the dialogue. Question: When does he get up? Choices: (A)At about 6:11. (B)At about 6:30. (C)At about 7:30. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The dialogue shows that he gets up at about 7:30. The time is not given, but the answer is based on the dialogue. Question: When does he get up? Choices: (A)At about 6:11. (B)At about 6:30. (C)At about 7:30. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: We wrok vrey hrad in our ftacory.\nW: So you get up eraly eevry day?\nM: Wlel, I lvie naer the ftcraoy, so I get up at aobut 6:30.\nW: Do you hvae bfserakat?\nM: Yes, I hvae smoe beard, and a cup of tea. Smmieotes I hvae an egg or two.\nW: And waht tmie do you bgien to wrok?\nM: I beign to wrok at 7:30, and hvae lucnh at auobt 11:30.\nQuestion: When does he begin to work?\nChoices: (A)At 7:00. (B)At 7:30. (C)At 11:00.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: When does he have lunch? Choices: (A)At 7:00. (B)At 7:30. (C)At 11:00. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What time does he have lunch? Choices: (A)At 7:00. (B)At 7:30. (C)At 11:00. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What time does he have lunch? Choices: (A)At 7:00. (B)At 7:30. (C)At 11:00. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What time does he have lunch? Choices: (A)At 7:00. (B)At 7:30. (C)At 11:00. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What time does he have lunch? Choices: (A)At 7:00. (B)At 7:30. (C)At 11:00. Answer: Based on the dialogue,", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Did you hvae a bsuy week?\nM: Emm, wlel, no. I maen I ddin't do a lot, but I bghuot a ctomeupr.\nW: You did? Tahnk gnedsos. Now you don't need to boorrw mnie. You had it for two weeks lsat tmie.\nM: Yaeh, so srroy auobt taht. I wotre my hsrtioy ppaer on it. Takhns agian, by the way.\nW: Srue, no pelorbm. So how do you lkie yuor cmtoepur?\nM: Oh, it's rellay cool. I use it edvaeryy.\nW: Ralely? Are you usnig it for cslas? I maen you're wnikorg on the ppear now, rhgit?\nM: Emm, yaeh, yaeh, but I don't use it for casls.\nW: So waht do you use it for?\nM: Emm, aultalcy, I jsut wtach DDVs on it all week.\nQuestion: Why did the man borrow the woman's computer last time?\nChoices: (A)His computer was broken. (B)He needed it for his paper. (C)He used it for his computer class.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)His computer was broken. (B)He needed it for his paper. (C)He used it for his computer class. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)His computer was broken. (B)He needed it for his paper. (C)He used it for his computer class. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)His computer was broken. (B)He needed it for his paper. (C)He used it for his computer class. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)His computer was broken. (B)He needed it for his paper. (C)He used it for his computer class. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)His computer was broken. (B)He needed it for his paper. (C)He used it for his computer class. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Did you hvae a bsuy week?\nM: Emm, wlel, no. I maen I ddin't do a lot, but I bughot a cuptmeor.\nW: You did? Tanhk gnsoeds. Now you don't need to brroow mnie. You had it for two wekes lsat tmie.\nM: Yaeh, so srroy aubot taht. I wtroe my histroy peapr on it. Tknhas aigan, by the way.\nW: Srue, no pbleorm. So how do you lkie yuor ctpeoumr?\nM: Oh, it's rlelay cool. I use it eyardevy.\nW: Rllaey? Are you uinsg it for cslas? I maen you're wnkorig on the peapr now, rhgit?\nM: Emm, yaeh, yaeh, but I don't use it for csals.\nW: So waht do you use it for?\nM: Emm, allatcuy, I jsut wtcah DDVs on it all week.\nQuestion: Why does the woman feel happy?\nChoices: (A)The man can lend her a computer now. (B)The man will use his own computer. (C)The man will study better.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman feels happy because the man can lend her a computer now. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study. The woman can use the man's computer to study", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Did you hvae a bsuy week?\nM: Emm, wlel, no. I maen I ddin't do a lot, but I bgouht a cupemotr.\nW: You did? Tnhak genodss. Now you don't need to borrow mnie. You had it for two wkees lsat tmie.\nM: Yaeh, so srroy aobut taht. I wtroe my hsiroty pepar on it. Thnkas aigan, by the way.\nW: Srue, no perlbom. So how do you lkie yuor copmtuer?\nM: Oh, it's ralley cool. I use it evyaredy.\nW: Ralley? Are you usnig it for casls? I maen you're wrkonig on the ppaer now, rghit?\nM: Emm, yaeh, yaeh, but I don't use it for clsas.\nW: So waht do you use it for?\nM: Emm, alltacuy, I jsut wtcah DDVs on it all week.\nQuestion: What has the man been doing with his new computer?\nChoices: (A)Watching DVDs. (B)Doing homework. (C)Searching for information.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Watching DVDs. The man has been watching DVDs on his new computer. The woman asks what he has been doing with his new computer. The man says he has been watching DVDs on it all week. The woman asks what he has been doing with his new computer. The man says he has been watching DVDs on it all week. The woman asks what he has been doing with his new computer. The man says he has been watching DVDs on it all week. The woman asks what he has been doing with his new computer. The man says he has been watching DVDs on it all week. The woman asks what he has been doing with his new computer. The man says he has been watching DVDs on it all week. The woman asks what he has been doing with his new computer. The man says he has been watching DVDs on it all week. The woman asks what he has been doing with his new computer. The man says he has been watching DVDs on it all week. The woman asks what he has been doing with his new computer. The man says he has been watching DVDs on it all", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi, Lndia. How lnog hvae you been hree?\nW: Nlaery hlaf a yaer.\nM: Are you snitydug for a degere?\nW: No. I'm stdynuig in a lgaungae sochol now. But I paln to go to a uerintsivy for a dergee nxet yaer.\nM: Waht moajr do you wnat to cohose?\nW: I'm irneetsted in eraly ecadtuoin.\nM: Are you gnoig to be a parmriy sochol taheecr?\nW: Yes. I lvoe bneig anroud crldhien.\nQuestion: When did the woman arrive here?\nChoices: (A)Nearly a year ago. (B)Nearly half a year ago. (C)Nearly two years ago.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: When did the woman arrive here? Choices: (A)Nearly a year ago. (B)Nearly half a year ago. (C)Nearly two years ago. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: When did the woman arrive here? Choices: (A)Nearly a year ago. (B)Nearly half a year ago. (C)Nearly two years ago. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: When did the woman arrive here? Choices: (A)Nearly a year ago. (B)Nearly half a year ago. (C)Nearly two years ago. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: When did the woman arrive here? Choices: (A)Nearly a year ago. (B)Nearly half a year ago. (C)Nearly two years ago. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: When did the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi, Lndia. How lnog hvae you been hree?\nW: Nleray hlaf a yaer.\nM: Are you sidytnug for a degere?\nW: No. I'm sudniytg in a luaggnae shocol now. But I paln to go to a unetsirviy for a dgeree nxet yaer.\nM: Waht mjoar do you wnat to cooshe?\nW: I'm isrtenteed in elray edaoitucn.\nM: Are you gnoig to be a parrimy shcool taheecr?\nW: Yes. I lvoe bneig anurod cdrhieln.\nQuestion: What does the woman plan to do next year?\nChoices: (A)Teach in a primary school. (B)Study in a language school. (C)Go to a university for a degree.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What does the woman plan to do next year? Choices: (A)Teach in a primary school. (B)Study in a language school. (C)Go to a university for a degree. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman plan to do next year? Choices: (A)Teach in a primary school. (B)Study in a language school. (C)Go to a university for a degree. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman plan to do next year? Choices: (A)Teach in a primary school. (B)Study in a language school. (C)Go to a university for a degree. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman plan to do next year? Choices: (A)Teach in a primary school. (B)Study in a language school. (C)Go to a", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nMan: So, waht do you wnat to do tmroorow?\nWmaon: Wlel, let's look at tihs ctiy gidue hree. [Oaky] Uh, hree's shtmieong ieriennsttg. [Oh!]Why don't we frsit vsiit the art meuusm in the mnonrig?\nMan: Oaky. I lkie taht ieda. And werhe do you wnat to eat lcunh?\nWmaon: How aobut gnoig to an Idiann rarsunaett? [Hmum] The gdiue rmecmdones one donowtwn a few blokcs form the msueum.\nMan: Now taht sodnus garet. Atefr taht, waht do you tihnk aubot vinsitig the zoo? [Oh .. umm .. wlel ... ] Wlel, it syas hree taht three are smoe vrey uiqune aminlas not fuond aewrynhe esle.\nWmaon: Wlel, to tlel you the ttruh, I'm not rlaely iesrettend in giong terhe. [Rlealy?]. Yaeh. Why don't we go snpophig itnsaed? Three are spepsoud to be smoe relaly ncie peclas to pcik up seivurnos.\nMan: Nah, I don't tihnk taht's a good ieda. We olny hvae few tervlares chckes lfet, and I olny hvae fitfy daolrls lfet in csah.\nWmoan: No porblem. We can use YUOR cidert crad to pay for MY new cohlets.\nMan: Oh, no. I rebmemer the lsat tmie you uesd MY cidret crad for YUOR pureshacs.\nWmaon: Oh wlel. Let's tkae the swbuay dwon to the ssoraehe and wlak alnog the bceah.\nMan: Now taht snouds lkie a wfdoneurl paln.\nQuestion: Where are they planning to go in the morning?\nChoices: (A)to a park (B)to an art museum (C)to a shopping center\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: Where are they planning to go in the morning? Choices: (A)to a park (B)to an art museum (C)to a shopping center Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where are they planning to go in the morning? Choices: (A)to a park (B)to an art museum (C)to a shopping center Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where are they planning to go in the morning? Choices: (A)to a park (B)to an art museum (C)to a shopping center Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where are they planning to go in the morning? Choices: (A)to a park (B)to an art museum (C)to a shopping center Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Where are they planning to go in the morning? Choices: (A)to a park (B)to an art museum (C)to a shopping center", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nMan: So, waht do you wnat to do tmorroow?\nWmoan: Wlel, let's look at tihs ctiy gudie hree. [Oaky] Uh, hree's shnitmeog itisnneterg. [Oh!]Why don't we frsit visit the art msueum in the mnoinrg?\nMan: Oaky. I lkie taht ieda. And werhe do you wnat to eat lcunh?\nWaomn: How aobut gniog to an Iinadn rstauearnt? [Hmum] The gidue rceomdemns one dntowwon a few bkcols form the msuuem.\nMan: Now taht sundos gerat. Atefr taht, waht do you tihnk aoubt vniiitsg the zoo? [Oh .. umm .. wlel ... ] Wlel, it syas hree taht tehre are smoe vrey uuinqe anmails not funod aerwhyne esle.\nWmoan: Wlel, to tlel you the turth, I'm not rlaely ieeetntrsd in gnoig trhee. [Ralely?]. Yaeh. Why don't we go sihppong iasnetd? Terhe are sospeupd to be smoe rlaley ncie pelcas to pcik up svnroiues.\nMan: Nah, I don't tinhk taht's a good ieda. We olny hvae few trleaevrs ceckhs lfet, and I olny hvae fftiy daolrls lfet in csah.\nWaomn: No pebrolm. We can use YUOR cdriet crad to pay for MY new choetls.\nMan: Oh, no. I rmbeeemr the lsat tmie you uesd MY crdeit crad for YUOR puhrcseas.\nWmoan: Oh wlel. Let's tkae the sabwuy dwon to the sesraohe and wlak anolg the baceh.\nMan: Now taht snodus lkie a wfonruedl paln.\nQuestion: What kind of restaurant do they want to visit for lunch?\nChoices: (A)Italian (B)Indonesian (C)Indian\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesian restaurant is located a few blocks from the museum. The Indonesia", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nMan: So, waht do you wnat to do tormoorw?\nWaomn: Wlel, let's look at tihs ctiy gduie hree. [Oaky] Uh, hree's simoenthg itstnireeng. [Oh!]Why don't we frsit vsiit the art muusem in the mnnoirg?\nMan: Oaky. I lkie taht ieda. And wrhee do you wnat to eat lcunh?\nWaomn: How aoubt ginog to an Iandin rnesuatrat? [Hmum] The gduie renmemdcos one dwowotnn a few bkclos form the muusem.\nMan: Now taht sduons gaert. Atefr taht, waht do you tinhk aubot vsniitig the zoo? [Oh .. umm .. wlel ... ] Wlel, it syas hree taht three are smoe vrey uiqune aianmls not fnoud ahernwye esle.\nWoamn: Wlel, to tlel you the ttruh, I'm not rlealy iesentretd in gnoig trhee. [Ralley?]. Yaeh. Why don't we go spponhig iatsend? Trhee are spsoepud to be smoe rlealy ncie palecs to pcik up seinruovs.\nMan: Nah, I don't thnik taht's a good ieda. We olny hvae few traelevrs cckehs lfet, and I olny hvae fftiy dolrlas lfet in csah.\nWmaon: No peobrlm. We can use YUOR ceirdt crad to pay for MY new chtloes.\nMan: Oh, no. I reeemmbr the lsat tmie you uesd MY cirdet crad for YUOR puhracess.\nWaomn: Oh wlel. Let's tkae the sbwauy dwon to the sresahoe and wlak aonlg the becah.\nMan: Now taht sdnous lkie a wroedunfl paln.\nQuestion: Why does the man want to visit the zoo in the afternoon?\nChoices: (A)The zoo will be closed the rest of the week. (B)The zoo is free to visitors that day only. (C)There are unusual animals on display.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: Why does the man want to visit the zoo in the afternoon? Choices: (A)The zoo will be closed the rest of the week. (B)The zoo is free to visitors that day only. (C)There are unusual animals on display. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the man want to visit the zoo in the afternoon? Choices: (A)The zoo will be closed the rest of the week. (B)The zoo is free to visitors that day only. (C)There are unusual animals on display. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the man want to visit the zoo in the afternoon? Choices: (A)The zoo will be closed the rest of the week. (B)The zoo is free to visitors that day only. (C)There are unusual animals on display. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the man want to visit the ", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nMan: So, waht do you wnat to do tromroow?\nWaomn: Wlel, let's look at tihs ctiy giude hree. [Oaky] Uh, hree's seihomtng iensietrtng. [Oh!]Why don't we frsit vsiit the art mesuum in the monirng?\nMan: Oaky. I lkie taht ieda. And wrhee do you wnat to eat lucnh?\nWaomn: How aubot ginog to an Idinan rrauantset? [Hmum] The giude rommnedecs one dtonowwn a few bolkcs form the meuusm.\nMan: Now taht snouds gerat. Aeftr taht, waht do you thnik aubot viinsitg the zoo? [Oh .. umm .. wlel ... ] Wlel, it syas hree taht trhee are smoe vrey unquie amlnais not fnuod awehnyre esle.\nWmaon: Wlel, to tlel you the turth, I'm not rlealy ittrseeend in gnoig terhe. [Ralley?]. Yaeh. Why don't we go spipohng itenasd? Terhe are speouspd to be smoe rlealy ncie pcaels to pcik up suvreonis.\nMan: Nah, I don't tinhk taht's a good ieda. We olny hvae few talrveres cehcks lfet, and I olny hvae fftiy dalorls lfet in csah.\nWamon: No pborelm. We can use YUOR cdiret crad to pay for MY new ctehlos.\nMan: Oh, no. I rmeeembr the lsat tmie you uesd MY criedt crad for YUOR peshaucrs.\nWmoan: Oh wlel. Let's tkae the sawbuy dwon to the shraesoe and wlak anlog the bceah.\nMan: Now taht sudons lkie a wefoudrnl paln.\nQuestion: Why does the woman want to go shopping instead?\nChoices: (A)She wants to buy mementos of their visit. (B)She saw some great prices at a shopping center. (C)She wants to buy a gift for her friend.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: Why does the woman want to go shopping instead? Choices: (A)She wants to buy mementos of their visit. (B)She saw some great prices at a shopping center. (C)She wants to buy a gift for her friend. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the woman want to go shopping instead? Choices: (A)She wants to buy mementos of their visit. (B)She saw some great prices at a shopping center. (C)She wants to buy a gift for her friend. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the woman want to go shopping instead? Choices: (A)She wants to buy mementos of their visit. (B)She saw some great prices at a shopping center. (C)She wants to buy a gift for her friend. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: Why does the woman want to go shopping instead? Choices: (A)She wants to buy mementos of their visit", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nMan: So, waht do you wnat to do tomrroow?\nWaomn: Wlel, let's look at tihs ctiy gduie hree. [Oaky] Uh, hree's sthinoemg isentrnetig. [Oh!]Why don't we frsit vsiit the art muusem in the mnionrg?\nMan: Oaky. I lkie taht ieda. And whree do you wnat to eat lcunh?\nWaomn: How aoubt gnoig to an Idainn ruansrteat? [Hmum] The gduie rmeconmeds one dowtownn a few blkcos form the mesuum.\nMan: Now taht snouds graet. Atefr taht, waht do you tihnk aoubt vniitisg the zoo? [Oh .. umm .. wlel ... ] Wlel, it syas hree taht trehe are smoe vrey uuiqne aalimns not funod areyhwne esle.\nWaomn: Wlel, to tlel you the turth, I'm not rlelay ieetestnrd in gnoig trhee. [Ralely?]. Yaeh. Why don't we go shnoippg iteasnd? Terhe are ssoppeud to be smoe rellay ncie pelacs to pcik up sniroveus.\nMan: Nah, I don't tnhik taht's a good ieda. We olny hvae few tvreaerls ckhces lfet, and I olny hvae ffity dalrols lfet in csah.\nWoamn: No plborem. We can use YUOR ceirdt crad to pay for MY new chltoes.\nMan: Oh, no. I rbmeeemr the lsat tmie you uesd MY ceirdt crad for YUOR puacrhess.\nWoamn: Oh wlel. Let's tkae the sbwauy dwon to the sshaoere and wlak aonlg the baech.\nMan: Now taht snduos lkie a wronfedul paln.\nQuestion: How do they plan to get to the seashore at the end of the conversation?\nChoices: (A)by taxi (B)by bus (C)by subway\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the seashore. The dialogue shows that they plan to take the subway to the sea", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nGerg: Hey, srory, I can't cmoe to the pnhoe now. Jsut lveae a megasse ... [Beep]\nDvae: Gerg, gerg. Wrhee in the wlord are you? Hey, man. I'm in hot weatr, and it's all yuor flaut! I thuhogt you siad Cidny was snlgie and alabvalie!! Man, wree you worng!! You sohlud hvae tlod me taht yuor sis had jsut bkeorn up wtih a sveen-foot gllrioa nmaed Btcuh. I maen the guy is hgue, and he cughat me dppriong her at her pacle, and he narley snltregad me bofree I cuold get in my car. And the guy's dog. You mhigt hvae wenrad me abuot his vocuiis baest dog. The tihng nlraey ripepd off my arm. Wlel, ocne I pleeed out of the dirve way, the mnaiac sttraed cinahsg me in his montesr tcurk and nraley ran me off the raod. And man, you culod hvae tlod me taht yuor car ddin't hvae mcuh gas 'csaue it ran out in the mdldie of tihs drak praking lot, and I'm now hnidig in the men's room of the gas saotitn. Now, pcik up the pohne ... pcik it up, ... Oh, no I can haer the guy oiutdse and ... hey, and yuor pnohe is gnoig daed ... Ah, man ... you mhigt hvae tlod me taht tihs tnhig cldoun't hlod a cghare ... Ah man ... I suolhd hvae sayted hmoe and dnoe the lradnuy ... I sdlouhn't hvae liseetnd to yuor wkcay ieda of gonig out tghonit ... Gerg, Gerg? Werhe are you?\nQuestion: What is the relationship between Greg and Cindy?\nChoices: (A)They are coworkers. (B)They used to go out together. (C)They are family.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is the relationship between Greg and Cindy? Choices: (A)They are coworkers. (B)They used to go out together. (C)They are family. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the relationship between Greg and Cindy? Choices: (A)They are coworkers. (B)They used to go out together. (C)They are family. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the relationship between Greg and Cindy? Choices: (A)They are coworkers. (B)They used to go out together. (C)They are family. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the relationship between Greg and Cindy? Choices: (A)They are coworkers. (B)They used to go out together. (C)They are family. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the relationship between Greg and Cindy? Choices: (A)They are coworkers. (B)", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nGerg: Hey, sorry, I can't cmoe to the phnoe now. Jsut lavee a msaegse ... [Beep]\nDvae: Gerg, gerg. Whree in the wlrod are you? Hey, man. I'm in hot waetr, and it's all yuor fluat! I tguhoht you siad Cdniy was snigle and abaaillve!! Man, wree you wnrog!! You sohuld hvae tlod me taht yuor sis had jsut bkreon up wtih a seevn-foot glliroa neamd Bctuh. I maen the guy is hgue, and he caghut me drpinpog her at her pcale, and he nleray sglnertad me broefe I culod get in my car. And the guy's dog. You mhgit hvae wneard me aubot his vouciis bsaet dog. The tnihg nleray rpepid off my arm. Wlel, ocne I peeled out of the dirve way, the mnaiac staertd csainhg me in his mnsoter turck and narely ran me off the raod. And man, you cuold hvae tlod me taht yuor car ddin't hvae mcuh gas 'csaue it ran out in the mddlie of tihs drak prkinag lot, and I'm now hiding in the men's room of the gas sotiatn. Now, pcik up the ponhe ... pcik it up, ... Oh, no I can haer the guy oidstue and ... hey, and yuor ponhe is ginog daed ... Ah, man ... you mghit hvae tlod me taht tihs tihng clodun't hlod a carghe ... Ah man ... I sohuld hvae sateyd hmoe and dnoe the ldnaruy ... I solhdun't hvae leinestd to yuor wakcy ieda of ginog out tonghit ... Gerg, Gerg? Whree are you?\nQuestion: Where did the man first run into trouble?\nChoices: (A)outside of Cindy's house (B)inside a club named Palace (C)at the city zoo\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What did the man first run into trouble? Choices: (A)outside of Cindy's house (B)inside a club named Palace (C)at the city zoo Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man first run into trouble? Choices: (A)outside of Cindy's house (B)inside a club named Palace (C)at the city zoo Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man first run into trouble? Choices: (A)outside of Cindy's house (B)inside a club named Palace (C)at the city zoo Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man first run into trouble? Choices: (A)outside of Cindy's house (B)inside a club named Palace (C)at the city zoo Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man first run into trouble", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nGerg: Hey, sorry, I can't cmoe to the phnoe now. Jsut laeve a msesgae ... [Beep]\nDvae: Gerg, gerg. Wrehe in the wlord are you? Hey, man. I'm in hot wtaer, and it's all yuor fulat! I thoguht you siad Cdniy was snigle and aalliavbe!! Man, wree you wrnog!! You shluod hvae tlod me taht yuor sis had jsut boekrn up wtih a sveen-foot grollia nmaed Bcuth. I maen the guy is hgue, and he cuhagt me dprniopg her at her pclae, and he nrealy sntrageld me boefre I cloud get in my car. And the guy's dog. You mhigt hvae wnaerd me aubot his voiucis baset dog. The tinhg nlarey rpiepd off my arm. Wlel, ocne I peeeld out of the dvire way, the mianac seattrd cahnsig me in his msonetr tcurk and nraley ran me off the raod. And man, you cluod hvae tlod me taht yuor car ddin't hvae mcuh gas 'casue it ran out in the mddlie of tihs drak prknaig lot, and I'm now hdiing in the men's room of the gas staiotn. Now, pcik up the pohne ... pcik it up, ... Oh, no I can haer the guy osidute and ... hey, and yuor ponhe is gnoig daed ... Ah, man ... you mghit hvae tlod me taht tihs tinhg cludon't hlod a chgrae ... Ah man ... I suolhd hvae styead hmoe and dnoe the lnurday ... I souhdln't hvae litensed to yuor wckay ieda of gonig out tghonit ... Gerg, Gerg? Wrhee are you?\nQuestion: What happened while the man was trying to get away from Butch?\nChoices: (A)The car almost crashed off the road. (B)The man attempted to steal the car. (C)The man jumped on top of the car.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped on top of the car. The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped on top of the car. The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped on top of the car. The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped on top of the car. The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped on top of the car. The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped on top of the car. The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped on top of the car. The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped on top of the car. The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped on top of the car. The man almost crashed off the road. The man attempted to steal the car. The man jumped", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nGerg: Hey, srory, I can't cmoe to the pohne now. Jsut levae a mseagse ... [Beep]\nDvae: Gerg, gerg. Werhe in the wlord are you? Hey, man. I'm in hot wtear, and it's all yuor flaut! I tughhot you siad Cndiy was snglie and alabalive!! Man, wree you wonrg!! You slouhd hvae tlod me taht yuor sis had jsut bkeorn up wtih a sveen-foot glrloia neamd Btcuh. I maen the guy is hgue, and he cuhagt me dppnriog her at her pcale, and he nalery sleagtnrd me brefoe I colud get in my car. And the guy's dog. You mgiht hvae wnaerd me aubot his voiuics baset dog. The tinhg naerly rpiped off my arm. Wlel, ocne I peeeld out of the drvie way, the mianac sttraed chnisag me in his metosnr turck and nelray ran me off the raod. And man, you cloud hvae tlod me taht yuor car ddin't hvae mcuh gas 'cusae it ran out in the middle of tihs drak pikarng lot, and I'm now hdiing in the men's room of the gas siaottn. Now, pcik up the ponhe ... pcik it up, ... Oh, no I can haer the guy odsiute and ... hey, and yuor pnhoe is ginog daed ... Ah, man ... you mhigt hvae tlod me taht tihs tihng clduon't hlod a carghe ... Ah man ... I sulhod hvae syeatd hmoe and dnoe the lrdanuy ... I shloudn't hvae lentesid to yuor wckay ieda of gonig out thiognt ... Gerg, Gerg? Wrhee are you?\nQuestion: Where is the man at the time of this phone call?\nChoices: (A)at home (B)in a restroom (C)in his car\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in a restroom. The man is in ", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nGerg: Hey, srroy, I can't cmoe to the ponhe now. Jsut lvaee a msagese ... [Beep]\nDvae: Gerg, gerg. Wrhee in the wlord are you? Hey, man. I'm in hot waetr, and it's all yuor fulat! I thgohut you siad Cndiy was snlige and aialblvae!! Man, wree you wonrg!! You slouhd hvae tlod me taht yuor sis had jsut beorkn up wtih a seven-foot giolrla nmead Bcuth. I maen the guy is hgue, and he chgaut me dpnriopg her at her pclae, and he nlaery sagtnelrd me boerfe I colud get in my car. And the guy's dog. You mgiht hvae wenrad me aobut his vuoiics baset dog. The tnhig nrleay rppied off my arm. Wlel, ocne I peeled out of the divre way, the mnaaic settrad csnahig me in his mstoenr turck and narely ran me off the raod. And man, you culod hvae tlod me taht yuor car ddin't hvae mcuh gas 'csaue it ran out in the midlde of tihs drak piknrag lot, and I'm now hdniig in the men's room of the gas sitotan. Now, pcik up the pohne ... pcik it up, ... Oh, no I can haer the guy outdsie and ... hey, and yuor ponhe is gonig daed ... Ah, man ... you mgiht hvae tlod me taht tihs tnihg cudoln't hlod a cgrhae ... Ah man ... I sluhod hvae saetyd hmoe and dnoe the ldnuray ... I slhodun't hvae lsteeind to yuor wkcay ieda of gnoig out tihognt ... Gerg, Gerg? Whree are you?\nQuestion: What does the man say he should have done that evening instead?\nChoices: (A)He should have done his homework. (B)He ought to have relaxed and read a book. (C)He should have washed his clothes.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry. The man says he should have stayed home and done the laundry", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Tihs turck lokos lkie waht I need but I'm wioerrd aubot mienanctane. For us it'll hvae to opetare for lnog pdoreis of tmie in vrey clod trmaeruteeps.\nW: We hvae seravel mloeds taht are eceplialsy atdivape for erxmtee cnditoinos. Wuold you lkie to see tehm?\nQuestion: What do we learn about the man from the conversation?\nChoices: (A)He needs a vehicle to be used in harsh weather. (B)He has a fairly large collection of quality trucks. (C)He has had his truck adapted for cold temperatures.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man needs a vehicle to be used in harsh weather. The man has a fairly large collection of quality trucks. The man has had his truck adapted for cold temperatures. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather. The man has had his truck adapted for harsh weather.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I am hpapy I sarettd cryirnag the cerdit crad taht the bnak gvae us.\nM: Why is taht, Ktae? Did you use it to buy shitenmog?\nW: I srleuy did. On my way hmoe I stopped at the srtoe to buy smoe beef for dnneir bcuseae I ddin't hvae any csah wtih me.\nM: And tehy pritteemd you to pay wtih the crad?\nW: Yes. Tehy ddin't eevn ask me to gvie the ID.\nM: You hvae to be cfeural. If you lsoe tehm and sneoome fdins tehm, the bnak wlil chrgae you for waht you buy.\nW: How mcuh has the bnak aelolwd us to snped wtih the crad?\nM: Fftieen hrdenud dlolras. The bnak enaregocus us to use the crad, but tehy wlil aslo rireuqe us to pay tehm bcak.\nW: You are rhgit, Herny. I'll reebemmr taht. But the crad sluery mekas it esay to snped menoy.\nQuestion: Why is the woman so happy?\nChoices: (A)She started carrying a credit card. (B)She got an ID card of her own. (C)She's got some money belonging to her.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started carrying a credit card. The woman is happy because she started", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I am hppay I setartd ciyanrrg the cdriet crad taht the bnak gvae us.\nM: Why is taht, Ktae? Did you use it to buy sheoimntg?\nW: I slruey did. On my way hmoe I stepopd at the srtoe to buy smoe beef for dneinr buacsee I ddin't hvae any csah wtih me.\nM: And tehy ptmeterid you to pay wtih the crad?\nW: Yes. Tehy ddin't eevn ask me to gvie the ID.\nM: You hvae to be cfreual. If you lsoe tehm and sonmeoe fndis tehm, the bnak wlil carghe you for waht you buy.\nW: How mcuh has the bnak alewlod us to senpd wtih the crad?\nM: Fteifen hnedrud darllos. The bnak eoucrgnaes us to use the crad, but tehy wlil aslo reuriqe us to pay tehm bcak.\nW: You are rghit, Hnrey. I'll reebmmer taht. But the crad sreluy mkeas it esay to snped mneoy.\nQuestion: What advice does the man give the woman?\nChoices: (A)She must have enough money with her. (B)She should not buy everything she wants. (C)She must care about her credit card and ID card.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man advises the woman to be careful about her credit card and ID card. The woman says she is sorry she stopped caring about the credit card the bank gives us. The man asks why is that, Ktae? Did you use it to buy something? The woman says she sort of did. On her way home she stopped at the store to buy some beef for dinner because she didn't have any cash with her. The man asks and they ptmeterid you to pay with the card? The woman says yes. They didn't even ask me to give the ID. The man advises her to be careful. If she loses them and someone finds them, the bank will charge her for what she buys. The woman asks how much has the bank allowed us to spend with the card? The man says for free until deadline days. The bank allows us to use the card, but they will also require us to pay them back. The woman says you are right, Hnrey. I'll remember that. But the credit card simply makes it easy to spend money. Question: What advice does the man give the woman? Choices: (A)She must have enough money", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I am hppay I staetrd crnyiarg the cedirt crad taht the bnak gvae us.\nM: Why is taht, Ktae? Did you use it to buy shmentiog?\nW: I surley did. On my way hmoe I soppetd at the sotre to buy smoe beef for dniner bseuace I ddin't hvae any csah wtih me.\nM: And tehy permtited you to pay wtih the crad?\nW: Yes. Tehy ddin't eevn ask me to gvie the ID.\nM: You hvae to be cerfaul. If you lsoe tehm and sooneme fndis tehm, the bnak wlil chagre you for waht you buy.\nW: How mcuh has the bnak aoelwld us to snped wtih the crad?\nM: Fifeten hnrdued dalrlos. The bnak ecraogneus us to use the crad, but tehy wlil aslo rrqiuee us to pay tehm bcak.\nW: You are rhgit, Hreny. I'll reeembmr taht. But the crad sulrey mkeas it esay to sepnd meony.\nQuestion: How much can the woman spend at most with her credit card?\nChoices: (A)500. (B)1,500. (C)50.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most 50 dollars with her credit card. The woman can spend at most", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: I'm tnryig to fnid out how tihs dswhaiehsr wokrs, the mnaual is in Fcnreh, I can't wiat for Blil to tasanltre it for me.\nM: Don't wrory, Mray, I can do the deihss broefe the mhniace statrs to wrok.\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)He will tell Mary how to operate the dishwasher. (B)He will wash the dishes himself instead. (C)He will help Bill to translate the manual.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man means that he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead. The dishwasher is not working, so he will wash the dishes himself instead.", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nCral: Hi. My nmae's Cral. Ncie to meet you.\nPnchao: Ncie to meet you, too. My nmae is Fiscancro.\nCral: Waht?\nPnahco: Faricsnco, but all my fedinrs and fmialy bcak in Preu clal me Pahnco.\nCral: Oaky, Pcnaho. So, tlel me aoubt yuor fialmy?\nPhacno: Wlel, I hvae seven bhroerts and six stsries.\nCral: Wow. Taht is a big failmy. So are you the osldet, Pcahno?\nPnhcao: No. I'm the sconed odelst in my failmy.\nCral: So, waht do yuor ptenars do?\nPchnao: My feahtr is a txai dievrr in Lmia, Preu. It's a hrad job, but he wkros hrad to sourppt the flimay.\nCral: How auobt yuor mthoer?\nPnhaco: She hples run a salml flmaiy sorte wtih smoe of my oeldr bohrerts and sisrtes.\nCral: Waht knid of sorte?\nPcanho: We mlnaiy slel food, lkie bared, eggs, sfot dknirs, rcie, saugr, and ceiooks. Tnghis taht polepe buy eervy day.\nQuestion: Where is Pancho from?\nChoices: (A)Paraguay (B)Peru (C)Portugal\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a conversation between Pancho and Cral. Pancho is from Paraguay, but all his friends and family back in Peru call him Pancho. Pancho's name is Fiscancro, but all his friends and family back in Peru call him Pancho. Pancho's family is from Lima, Peru. It's a hard job, but he works hard to save the family farm. Pancho's mother helps run a small family farm shop with some of his older brothers and sisters. Pancho's family sells food, like bread, eggs, scotch doughnuts, rice, sausages, and cookbooks. This is that that they buy every day. Question: Where is Pancho from? Choices: (A)Paraguay (B)Peru (C)Portugal Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The dialogue is a conversation between Pancho and Cral. Pancho is from Paraguay, but all his friends and family back in Peru call him Pancho. Pancho's name is Fiscancro, but all his fedin", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nCral: Hi. My nmae's Cral. Ncie to meet you.\nPnhcao: Ncie to meet you, too. My nmae is Fccnirsao.\nCral: Waht?\nPncaho: Fscirncao, but all my fdrines and fmlaiy bcak in Preu clal me Phanco.\nCral: Oaky, Pncaho. So, tlel me aubot yuor fmilay?\nPnchao: Wlel, I hvae seevn brrotehs and six sirtses.\nCral: Wow. Taht is a big filmay. So are you the odslet, Pnhaco?\nPhnaco: No. I'm the scnoed odselt in my fmaliy.\nCral: So, waht do yuor perntas do?\nPncaho: My ftehar is a txai deirvr in Lmia, Preu. It's a hrad job, but he wroks hrad to sppurot the faimly.\nCral: How aubot yuor mtoher?\nPchnao: She hleps run a samll flimay srote wtih smoe of my oeldr bhroetrs and stresis.\nCral: Waht knid of sorte?\nPnchao: We milany slel food, lkie braed, eggs, sfot dkrins, rcie, saugr, and coiokes. Tgihns taht pepole buy eevry day.\nQuestion: How many brothers and sisters does Pancho have?\nChoices: (A)11 (B)12 (C)13\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Pancho has 13 brothers and sisters. Pancho: Hi. My name is Fccnirsao. Cral: Waht? Pncaho: Fscirncao, but all my friends and family back in Preu clal me Phanco. Cral: Okay, Pancho. So, tell me about your family? Pancho: Well, I have seven brothers and six sisters. Cral: Wow. That is a big family. So are you the oldest child, Pancho? Pancho: No. I'm the smartest child in my family. Cral: So, what do your parents do? Pancho: My father is a taxi driver in Lima, Peru. It's a hard job, but he works hard to support the family. Cral: How about your mother? Pancho: She helps run a small family store with some of my older brothers and sisters. Pancho: We make all kinds of food, like bread, eggs, fried doughnuts, rice, sauce, and potatoes. That's what people buy every day. Question: How many brothers and sisters does Pancho have? Choice", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nCral: Hi. My nmae's Cral. Ncie to meet you.\nPcanho: Ncie to meet you, too. My nmae is Fncsicaro.\nCral: Waht?\nPanhco: Frnsicaco, but all my fridens and fialmy bcak in Preu clal me Pnahco.\nCral: Oaky, Pcanho. So, tlel me aoubt yuor fmilay?\nPnhaco: Wlel, I hvae sveen bhorrtes and six sirtess.\nCral: Wow. Taht is a big falimy. So are you the odslet, Pnacho?\nPcahno: No. I'm the sonecd odeslt in my fiamly.\nCral: So, waht do yuor pnearts do?\nPcanho: My fthear is a txai derivr in Lmia, Preu. It's a hrad job, but he wkors hrad to sprupot the fmilay.\nCral: How aubot yuor mteohr?\nPacnho: She hpels run a slmal flamiy srtoe wtih smoe of my oledr bhrorets and srietss.\nCral: Waht knid of sorte?\nPcahno: We mnilay slel food, lkie berad, eggs, sfot dnriks, rcie, saugr, and coekois. Tnihgs taht polepe buy evrey day.\nQuestion: What is his father's job?\nChoices: (A)taxi driver (B)dentist (C)police officer\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. Question: What is his mother's job? Choices: (A)taxi driver (B)dentist (C)police officer Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is his father's job? Choices: (A)taxi driver (B)dentist (C)police officer Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is his father's job? Choices: (A)taxi driver (B)dentist (C)police officer Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is his father's job? Choices: (A)taxi driver (B)dentist (C)police officer Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is his father's job? Choices: (A)taxi driver (B)dentist (C)police officer Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is his father's job? Choices:", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nCral: Hi. My nmae's Cral. Ncie to meet you.\nPhnaco: Ncie to meet you, too. My nmae is Fcricasno.\nCral: Waht?\nPnhcao: Fcncsario, but all my fendris and fliamy bcak in Preu clal me Phacno.\nCral: Oaky, Pnchao. So, tlel me auobt yuor fmliay?\nPcnhao: Wlel, I hvae seevn behotrrs and six strsies.\nCral: Wow. Taht is a big fmlaiy. So are you the oseldt, Pnhcao?\nPhanco: No. I'm the sonced osledt in my fmilay.\nCral: So, waht do yuor peartns do?\nPhcnao: My fhater is a txai drvier in Lmia, Preu. It's a hrad job, but he wkors hrad to soprupt the flamiy.\nCral: How aubot yuor mhteor?\nPncaho: She hleps run a salml fiamly srtoe wtih smoe of my oeldr boehrrts and steisrs.\nCral: Waht knid of srote?\nPhncao: We milany slel food, lkie berad, eggs, sfot dkirns, rcie, saugr, and cieokos. Tgihns taht polepe buy eervy day.\nQuestion: What does his mother do?\nChoices: (A)She owns a beauty salon. (B)She runs a small family store. (C)She works at a bread shop.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)She owns a beauty salon. (B)She runs a small family store. (C)She works at a bread shop. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does his mother do? Choices: (A)She owns a beauty salon. (B)She runs a small family store. (C)She works at a bread shop. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does his mother do? Choices: (A)She owns a beauty salon. (B)She runs a small family store. (C)She works at a bread shop. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does his mother do? Choices: (A)She owns a beauty salon. (B)She runs a small family store. (C)She works at a bread shop. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does his mother do? Choices: (A)She owns ", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nCral: Hi. My nmae's Cral. Ncie to meet you.\nPahnco: Ncie to meet you, too. My nmae is Frincacso.\nCral: Waht?\nPnahco: Facsincro, but all my fenrdis and fmilay bcak in Preu clal me Pnhcao.\nCral: Oaky, Pahnco. So, tlel me aubot yuor fmialy?\nPcnaho: Wlel, I hvae sveen bertrohs and six srtiess.\nCral: Wow. Taht is a big flamiy. So are you the odselt, Phcano?\nPachno: No. I'm the soecnd odeslt in my fmialy.\nCral: So, waht do yuor pernats do?\nPcahno: My fehatr is a txai devrir in Lmia, Preu. It's a hrad job, but he wrkos hrad to spourpt the flamiy.\nCral: How abuot yuor metohr?\nPhnaco: She hleps run a salml fliamy srtoe wtih smoe of my oeldr bortrehs and setirss.\nCral: Waht knid of sotre?\nPachno: We manliy slel food, lkie beard, eggs, sfot dknirs, rcie, saugr, and cekoios. Tinhgs taht plpoee buy eervy day.\nQuestion: Which thing does Pancho NOT say?\nChoices: (A)His brothers and sisters help his mom. (B)His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. (C)His mother enjoys her job very much.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Pancho says that his mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His brothers and sisters help his mom. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mother enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoys her job very much. His mom sells food like eggs and sugar. His mom enjoy", "pred": "A", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wcoelme bcak! I ddin't see you in pshycis cslas lsat Thrsuady.\nW: I wsan't hree taht day. I wnet on a tirp to New Yrok. I jsut cmae bcak lsat nhgit.\nM: New Yrok! Waht a ctiy! I am srue you had ltos of fun three.\nW: No, not ralely. I was too bsuy dnoig bsnisues. It's vrey hot trehe, too.\nM: Wlel, did you eonjy the tirp?\nW: Yaeh, it was OK. I wnet to see the Sttaue of Lbritey and taht mdae the tirp itnneirtesg.\nM: I hvae never been to New Yrok. I wluod lkie to go three sdomeay.\nW: Try to go drnuig the srinpg or atuumn wehn the waeehtr is vrey ncie.\nQuestion: What are they talking about?\nChoices: (A)The man's trip to New York. (B)The lady's trip to New York. (C)The lady's physics class.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics class. The lady's trip to New York. The lady's physics", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wocmele bcak! I ddin't see you in pchisys casls lsat Tuhrdsay.\nW: I wsan't hree taht day. I wnet on a tirp to New Yrok. I jsut cmae bcak lsat ngiht.\nM: New Yrok! Waht a ctiy! I am srue you had ltos of fun trhee.\nW: No, not rlealy. I was too bsuy diong bsnesuis. It's vrey hot terhe, too.\nM: Wlel, did you eonjy the tirp?\nW: Yaeh, it was OK. I wnet to see the Staute of Lritbey and taht mdae the tirp insreitetng.\nM: I hvae nveer been to New Yrok. I wuold lkie to go trehe sdmoaey.\nW: Try to go drunig the sirnpg or auumtn wehn the wethaer is vrey ncie.\nQuestion: What did the lady see in New York?\nChoices: (A)The New York Library. (B)The New York City Park. (C)The Statue of Liberty.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the Statue of Liberty. The lady saw the", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Womlcee bcak! I ddin't see you in phsicys csals lsat Tarudshy.\nW: I wsan't hree taht day. I wnet on a tirp to New Yrok. I jsut cmae bcak lsat nhgit.\nM: New Yrok! Waht a ctiy! I am srue you had ltos of fun tehre.\nW: No, not rlelay. I was too bsuy diong binseuss. It's vrey hot tehre, too.\nM: Wlel, did you eojny the tirp?\nW: Yaeh, it was OK. I wnet to see the Statue of Lbierty and taht mdae the tirp itrnetesnig.\nM: I hvae neevr been to New Yrok. I wulod lkie to go tehre seamody.\nW: Try to go dnruig the srnpig or autumn wehn the waehetr is vrey ncie.\nQuestion: What advice did the lady give the man?\nChoices: (A)Visit New York in spring or fall. (B)Visit New York when it is hot. (C)Visit the Statue of Liberty.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The lady advised the man to visit New York in spring or fall when the weather is nice. The lady also advised the man to see the Statue of Liberty. The lady did not advise the man to visit New York when it is hot. The lady advised the man to visit New York in spring or fall when the weather is nice. The lady also advised the man to see the Statue of Liberty. The lady did not advise the man to visit New York when it is hot. The lady advised the man to visit New York in spring or fall when the weather is nice. The lady also advised the man to see the Statue of Liberty. The lady advised the man to visit New York in spring or fall when the weather is nice. The lady also advised the man to see the Statue of Liberty. The lady advised the man to visit New York in spring or fall when the weather is nice. The lady also advised the man to see the Statue of Liberty. The lady advised the man to visit New York in spring or fall when the weather is nice. The lady also advised the man to see the Statue of Liberty. The lady advised the man to visit New York in spring or fall when the weather is nice", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Werhe to, Msis?\nW: Pslaee dorp me off at the Knig's Dmreaentpt Sorte.\nM: On the esat sdie?\nW: No. The wset sdie, naer the suaitdm.\nQuestion: What's the probable relationship between the man and the woman?\nChoices: (A)Taxi driver and customer. (B)Conductor and driver. (C)Boss and secretary.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man is a taxi driver, and the woman is a customer. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a conductor, and the man is a driver. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is a boss. The woman is a secretary, and the man is", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Waht's the mettar wtih you, maadm?\nW: I hvae a hdaacehe. And I flet cfsuneod and clod.\nM: You pbbaroly hvae cuhagt a clod. Let me ccehk yuor pusle and lkae yuor teretaumpre. Oh, you de hvae a hgih fveer.\nW: Is it seiours?\nM: Tkae it esay. Hree is the pceriitsporn and get smoe mcdeniie, you wlil be btteer soon.\nW: Do I hvae to be gvein an iiotjncen?\nM: Yes, brofee you lvaee, I wnat my nsure to gvie you an iinjtceon.\nW: Oaky. Do I hvae to go on a deit?\nM: Not neacseislry. Dirnk as mcuh wtear or jicue as you can, aoivd grasey food and keep wram.\nW: Tanhk you.\nQuestion: What is the probable relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Teacher and student. (B)Writer and reader. (C)Doctor and patient.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue is a doctor and patient. The dialogue", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Waht's the meattr wtih you, mdaam?\nW: I hvae a hadcaehe. And I flet csneuofd and clod.\nM: You pbbalory hvae cgahut a clod. Let me ccehk yuor psule and lkae yuor teuetrapmre. Oh, you de hvae a hgih feevr.\nW: Is it sreouis?\nM: Tkae it esay. Hree is the ptroispcerin and get smoe mdceinie, you wlil be beettr soon.\nW: Do I hvae to be gvein an intiecjon?\nM: Yes, berfoe you lveae, I wnat my nsrue to gvie you an ieonicjtn.\nW: Oaky. Do I hvae to go on a deit?\nM: Not nsseilrceay. Dirnk as mcuh weatr or jicue as you can, aivod gseray food and keep wram.\nW: Tanhk you.\nQuestion: What's wrong with the woman?\nChoices: (A)She caught a cold. (B)She coughs badly. (C)She has got a cancer.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What's wrong with the woman? Choices: (A)She caught a cold. (B)She coughs badly. (C)She has got a cancer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's wrong with the woman? Choices: (A)She caught a cold. (B)She coughs badly. (C)She has got a cancer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's wrong with the woman? Choices: (A)She caught a cold. (B)She coughs badly. (C)She has got a cancer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's wrong with the woman? Choices: (A)She caught a cold. (B)She coughs badly. (C)She has got a cancer. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What's wrong with the woman? Choices: (A)She caught a cold. (B)She", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Waht's the mteatr wtih you, madam?\nW: I hvae a haehacde. And I flet cnsouefd and clod.\nM: You paobblry hvae chaugt a clod. Let me cchek yuor psule and lkae yuor tuterpmraee. Oh, you de hvae a hgih feevr.\nW: Is it sriueos?\nM: Tkae it esay. Hree is the prcropesitin and get smoe miciedne, you wlil be beettr soon.\nW: Do I hvae to be gevin an ictneiojn?\nM: Yes, boerfe you lveae, I wnat my nsrue to gvie you an iojientcn.\nW: Oaky. Do I hvae to go on a deit?\nM: Not nsrecisaely. Dinrk as mcuh wtaer or jicue as you can, aivod gaesry food and keep wram.\nW: Tnhak you.\nQuestion: What did the man say about going on a diet?\nChoices: (A)There is no need for the woman to go on a diet. (B)It's necessary for the woman to go on a diet. (C)The woman must not eat anything.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What did the man say about going on a diet? Choices: (A)There is no need for the woman to go on a diet. (B)It's necessary for the woman to go on a diet. (C)The woman must not eat anything. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man say about going on a diet? Choices: (A)There is no need for the woman to go on a diet. (B)It's necessary for the woman to go on a diet. (C)The woman must not eat anything. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man say about going on a diet? Choices: (A)There is no need for the woman to go on a diet. (B)It's necessary for the woman to go on a diet. (C)The woman must not eat anything. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What did the man say about going on a diet", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hlleo! I hvaen't seen you brefoe.\nW: I'm new hree. I hvae jsut aerrivd at tihs soohcl.\nM: Rlleay? Let me tkae you to yuor csals. Wihch calss are you in?\nW: I don't konw.\nM: Neevr mnid. I wlil sohw you to the taecerhs' ocfife. Cmoe wtih me.\nW: Tanhks! Oh, by the way, I don't konw wrehe to put tihs bkie.\nM: Oh, you hvae got a bkie, heavn't you? You can put it oevr tehre.\nW: It is vrey knid of you. Tanhk you.\nM: Not at all. Tihs way, plasee.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation take place?\nChoices: (A)In a school. (B)In a shop. (C)In a teacher's office.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "In a teacher's office. Question: What is the woman's reaction to the man's offer to show her around? Choices: (A)She is grateful. (B)She is a little bit irritated. (C)She is a little bit annoyed. (D)She is a little bit surprised. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is (D) She is a little bit surprised. Question: What is the woman's reaction to the man's offer to show her around? Choices: (A)She is grateful. (B)She is a little bit irritated. (C)She is a little bit annoyed. (D)She is a little bit surprised. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is (D) She is a little bit surprised. Question: What is the woman's reaction to the man's offer to show her around? Choices: (A)She is grateful. (B)She is a little bit irritated. (C)She is a little bit annoyed. (D)She is a little", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hlelo! I hvean't seen you bfeore.\nW: I'm new hree. I hvae jsut aervird at tihs school.\nM: Rllaey? Let me tkae you to yuor calss. Wcihh casls are you in?\nW: I don't konw.\nM: Nveer mnid. I wlil sohw you to the tareechs' oficfe. Cmoe wtih me.\nW: Tankhs! Oh, by the way, I don't konw wrehe to put tihs bkie.\nM: Oh, you hvae got a bkie, hvaen't you? You can put it oevr trehe.\nW: It is vrey knid of you. Tnhak you.\nM: Not at all. Tihs way, paesle.\nQuestion: What's the woman?\nChoices: (A)A teacher. (B)A professor. (C)A student.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman is a student. The woman", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Daivd, hvae you svead eugnoh for the car?\nM: I hvae $20,000 now, and the car cstos $25,000. My preatns siad tehy wluod lkie to hlep, but I don't wnat to use thier mneoy.\nQuestion: How much more does David need for the car?\nChoices: (A)$ 5,000. (B)$20,000. (C)$25,000.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car costs $25,000. The dialogue shows that David has $20,000 now, and the car", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Oh, good. 8:30. Aamnlis of the Aends, BBC one.\nM: Taht's the smae tmie as the fbltoaol.\nW: We can rorecd taht.\nM: No, it's mcuh better lvie. We'll reocrd yuor Aniaml Pagorrm iatensd.\nW: We can't do it eetihr uitnl we get smoe new beaeitrts for the rmetoe crtoonl tnhig.\nM: Of cusroe we can. You can rroecd the pmogrars dletciry otno the vdieo.\nQuestion: What does the man want the woman to do?\nChoices: (A)Watch a sports programme. (B)Repair the video. (C)Record a wildlife programme.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man wants the woman to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video. The man wants to record a wildlife programme. The woman wants to repair the video", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: May I use the tepnolehe?\nW: Go aahed, pasele.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)She allows the man to use the telephone. (B)She doesn't believe the man needs the telephone. (C)She doesn't know how to use the telephone.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman allows the man to use the telephone. The woman doesn't believe the man needs the telephone. The woman doesn't know how to use the telephone. The woman allows the man to use the telephone. The woman doesn't believe the man needs the telephone. The woman doesn't know how to use the telephone. The woman allows the man to use the telephone. The woman doesn't believe the man needs the telephone. The woman doesn't know how to use the telephone. The woman allows the man to use the telephone. The woman doesn't believe the man needs the telephone. The woman doesn't know how to use the telephone. The woman allows the man to use the telephone. The woman doesn't believe the man needs the telephone. The woman doesn't know how to use the telephone. The woman allows the man to use the telephone. The woman doesn't believe the man needs the telephone. The woman doesn't know how to use the telephone. The woman allows the man to use the telephone. The woman doesn't believe the man needs the telephone. The woman doesn't know how to use the telephone. The woman allows the man to use the telephone. The woman doesn't", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hey, you. Can't you be a bit fsater? You mkae the whloe gourp wiat for you.\nM: How can you bmlae it on me? I'm hnvaig tluorbe in oinretpag tihs knid of miacnhe. It is diensged for you rhigt hneadrs.\nW: You aywals cpoiamln auobt tshee mhancies. But you are not the olny one unsig yuor lfet hnad.\nM: Ralely? I don't konw any oerhts who are the smae as me.\nW: To tlel you the trtuh, I'm aslo lfet-hneadd.\nM: You?\nW: Yaeh. You sluhod snped smoe tmie gntetig setiud to it in acdvane. Tehn you can do it qcuilky.\nM: Is taht waht you hvae dnoe?\nW: Yes. In fcat, it pyas to use btoh hndas.\nM: OK, I wlil try.\nQuestion: What are the two speakers talking about?\nChoices: (A)Using the left hand. (B)Operating machines. (C)Designing machines.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The two speakers are talking about using the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue is about the left hand. The dialogue", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hey, you. Can't you be a bit festar? You mkae the wlhoe guorp wiat for you.\nM: How can you bamle it on me? I'm hviang tblruoe in otaniperg tihs knid of mhaicne. It is dsnegeid for you rghit hnaedrs.\nW: You aywals copliamn aubot teshe manecihs. But you are not the olny one uinsg yuor lfet hnad.\nM: Ralley? I don't konw any ohetrs who are the smae as me.\nW: To tlel you the ttruh, I'm aslo lfet-hadend.\nM: You?\nW: Yaeh. You suolhd snped smoe tmie gintteg situed to it in avancde. Tehn you can do it qilkucy.\nM: Is taht waht you hvae dnoe?\nW: Yes. In fcat, it pyas to use btoh hdnas.\nM: OK, I wlil try.\nQuestion: What is the possible relationship between the two speakers?\nChoices: (A)Master and servant. (B)Boss and secretary. (C)Fellow workers\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "Fellow workers. Question: What is the possible relationship between the two speakers? Choices: (A)Master and servant. (B)Boss and secretary. (C)Fellow workers Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Fellow workers. Question: What is the possible relationship between the two speakers? Choices: (A)Master and servant. (B)Boss and secretary. (C)Fellow workers Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Fellow workers. Question: What is the possible relationship between the two speakers? Choices: (A)Master and servant. (B)Boss and secretary. (C)Fellow workers Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Fellow workers. Question: What is the possible relationship between the two speakers? Choices: (A)Master and servant. (B)Boss and secretary. (C)Fellow workers Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is Fellow workers. Question: What is the possible relationship between the two speakers? Choices: (A)Master and servant. (B)Bos", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hey, you. Can't you be a bit ftesar? You mkae the whloe gruop wiat for you.\nM: How can you bmlae it on me? I'm hvniag trlboue in oinerptag tihs knid of machnie. It is degsined for you rhgit hanedrs.\nW: You aalyws cmilapon aoubt teshe mehcnais. But you are not the olny one unsig yuor lfet hnad.\nM: Relaly? I don't konw any ohrtes who are the smae as me.\nW: To tlel you the tutrh, I'm aslo lfet-hedand.\nM: You?\nW: Yaeh. You sulhod sepnd smoe tmie gtetnig sieutd to it in acvdane. Tehn you can do it qluckiy.\nM: Is taht waht you hvae dnoe?\nW: Yes. In fcat, it pyas to use btoh hdnas.\nM: OK, I wlil try.\nQuestion: What can we learn from the conversation?\nChoices: (A)Left-handers can't run the machines. (B)The woman only uses her right hand. (C)The woman is more skillful than the man.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is more skillful than the man. The woman is", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I tihnk it's stainrtg to sonw.\nW: Strnaitg to sonw? The gounrd's adlreay coeervd.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)They're ready for the snow. (B)Once it starts, it'll snow a lot. (C)It has been snowing for some time.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been snowing for some time. The woman means that it has been", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Stmih alwyas semes to konw oethr plpeoe's pemolbrs.\nW: Taht is ture. I tnihk taht's why he has been so ssfueuccsl in his wrok.\nQuestion: Why is Smith so successful?\nChoices: (A)Because he never makes any mistake. (B)Because he can answer questions quickly. (C)Because he is always thinking of others.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "C. Question: Why is Smith so successful? Choices: (A)Because he never makes any mistake. (B)Because he can answer questions quickly. (C)Because he is always thinking of others. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: Why is Smith so successful? Choices: (A)Because he never makes any mistake. (B)Because he can answer questions quickly. (C)Because he is always thinking of others. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: Why is Smith so successful? Choices: (A)Because he never makes any mistake. (B)Because he can answer questions quickly. (C)Because he is always thinking of others. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: Why is Smith so successful? Choices: (A)Because he never makes any mistake. (B)Because he can answer questions quickly. (C)Because he is always thinking of", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nRdalanl: Hlelo. Tadoy I'm iwnvntiiereg Jhusoa on his eprxceeenis gnoig to a Jpasnaee sochol. Now Jsuoha, waht tmie do you go to socohl?\nJhusoa: Ehigt O'coclk.\nRnaladl: Eghit O'coclk. And do you go by yeoslurf, or on a soochl bus?\nJhousa: No, I hvae a gruop taht geos wtih me.\nRadanll: So you go wtih a gourp?\nJuhsoa: Uh-huh.\nRdalnal: Now waht kndis of tghnis do you tkae to socohl?\nJhusoa: I tkae my tisao fkuu, taht is gym cethols, and I tkae my bkaapcck and my bkoos [ Oh, oaky. ] and suftf lkie taht.\nRladnal: Oaky and waht is the frsit tnhig you do wehn you get to sochol?\nJushoa: We do \"kitrsiu, rei.\"\nRaaldnl: \"Ktsiriu\" and \"rei.\" Now waht are thsoe?\nJsuhoa: It mneas \"santd up, bow.\"\nRnladal: Sntad up and bow.\nJuohsa: Uh-huh.\nRnaaldl: And waht do you sudty at sochol?\nJuosha: We sdtuy kgouko, taht is witrnig and ranideg and sftuf lkie taht [ Oaky ], and snsau, taht's mtah. [ Oaky. ]. And, let's see ..., we do gym too.\nRdnaall: Oaky, and werhe do you eat lucnh? Do you hvae a lrconouhm or cerifteaa?\nJhusoa: No, we eat in our caolssrom.\nRladanl: You eat in yuor cooslsram! [ Yaeh. ]. Oh wow. Taht is vrey inntesiretg. Now waht tmie do you cmoe hmoe form scoohl?\nJhsoua: We cmoe hmoe semomties at 3:00 and sietemoms at 2:00.\nRndaall: Oaky, wlel tanhk you vrey mcuh Jsuoha.\nJuosha: You're wlcoeme.\nQuestion: How does Joshua go to school in Japan?\nChoices: (A)He takes a school bus every morning (B)He rides the subway at 8:00 AM. (C)He walks with a group of students.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does Joshua do when he gets to school? Choices: (A)He bows to the teacher. (B)He takes his backpack and books. (C)He takes the subway. (D)He walks with a group of students. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua do when he gets to school? Choices: (A)He bows to the teacher. (B)He takes his backpack and books. (C)He rides the subway at 8:00 AM. (D)He walks with a group of students. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua do when he gets to school? Choices: (A)He bows to the teacher. (B)He takes his backpack and books. (C)He rides the subway at 8:00 AM. (D)He walks with a group of students. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua do when he gets to school? Choices: (A)He bows to the teacher. (", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nRlaandl: Hlleo. Tdoay I'm irewivtinneg Juhsoa on his execrieenps gnoig to a Janaespe shocol. Now Jsuoha, waht tmie do you go to soohcl?\nJuhsoa: Eghit O'coclk.\nRadanll: Egiht O'ccolk. And do you go by yesroluf, or on a socohl bus?\nJsohua: No, I hvae a gurop taht geos wtih me.\nRnladal: So you go wtih a gruop?\nJuohsa: Uh-huh.\nRnladal: Now waht kidns of tighns do you tkae to shocol?\nJshuoa: I tkae my tiaso fkuu, taht is gym celhots, and I tkae my bcpakcak and my bokos [ Oh, oaky. ] and sftuf lkie taht.\nRndaall: Oaky and waht is the fisrt tnhig you do wehn you get to sochol?\nJhsoua: We do \"kitrisu, rei.\"\nRldaanl: \"Ktsriiu\" and \"rei.\" Now waht are tshoe?\nJuhosa: It manes \"santd up, bow.\"\nRlnaadl: Satnd up and bow.\nJouhsa: Uh-huh.\nRadlnal: And waht do you stduy at sochol?\nJuhsoa: We sutdy kuogko, taht is wntirig and rndieag and sftuf lkie taht [ Oaky ], and sasnu, taht's mtah. [ Oaky. ]. And, let's see ..., we do gym too.\nRldanal: Oaky, and whree do you eat lcnuh? Do you hvae a louhorcnm or cfeertiaa?\nJhousa: No, we eat in our cssloaorm.\nRdnaall: You eat in yuor corasolsm! [ Yaeh. ]. Oh wow. Taht is vrey isnterteing. Now waht tmie do you cmoe hmoe form shcool?\nJushoa: We cmoe hmoe smomeites at 3:00 and smemeiots at 2:00.\nRndaall: Oaky, wlel tnhak you vrey mcuh Juohsa.\nJhousa: You're wcmloee.\nQuestion: Which item did Joshua NOT mention when talking about the things he takes to school?\nChoices: (A)backpack (B)gym clothes (C)school hat\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What does Joshua NOT mention when talking about the things he takes to school? Choices: (A)school hat (B)gym clothes (C)backpack Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua NOT mention when talking about the things he takes to school? Choices: (A)school hat (B)gym clothes (C)backpack Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua NOT mention when talking about the things he takes to school? Choices: (A)school hat (B)gym clothes (C)backpack Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua NOT mention when talking about the things he takes to school? Choices: (A)school hat (B)gym clothes (C)backpack Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua NOT mention when talking about the things he takes to school? Choices: (A)school hat (B", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nRlaandl: Hello. Tdoay I'm iwvnriteineg Jshuoa on his erneeecpixs ginog to a Jenpasae soochl. Now Jhuosa, waht tmie do you go to soohcl?\nJshoua: Eghit O'cclok.\nRadanll: Eghit O'colck. And do you go by yerulsof, or on a socohl bus?\nJsuhoa: No, I hvae a guorp taht geos wtih me.\nRanladl: So you go wtih a gurop?\nJsouha: Uh-huh.\nRndaall: Now waht kidns of tnhgis do you tkae to socohl?\nJuhsoa: I tkae my tisao fkuu, taht is gym celhots, and I tkae my bckapcak and my bokos [ Oh, oaky. ] and sftuf lkie taht.\nRlaadnl: Oaky and waht is the frist tinhg you do wehn you get to soohcl?\nJuhosa: We do \"kitisru, rei.\"\nRnaldal: \"Kstriiu\" and \"rei.\" Now waht are tohse?\nJhuosa: It mnaes \"satnd up, bow.\"\nRdalnal: Sntad up and bow.\nJshoua: Uh-huh.\nRdalnal: And waht do you stduy at socohl?\nJshuoa: We stduy kgukoo, taht is wiirntg and rndieag and sftuf lkie taht [ Oaky ], and snasu, taht's mtah. [ Oaky. ]. And, let's see ..., we do gym too.\nRnadlal: Oaky, and wehre do you eat lcunh? Do you hvae a lochnroum or caitefera?\nJuhosa: No, we eat in our cosaslrom.\nRdaalnl: You eat in yuor csrosoalm! [ Yaeh. ]. Oh wow. Taht is vrey ieitrsnentg. Now waht tmie do you cmoe hmoe form soochl?\nJshoua: We cmoe hmoe seimmetos at 3:00 and steemoims at 2:00.\nRdalanl: Oaky, wlel tahnk you vrey mcuh Juosha.\nJohusa: You're wcmleoe.\nQuestion: What is one of the first things Joshua does when he arrives at school?\nChoices: (A)He practices his reading and writing. (B)He stands and bows to the teacher. (C)He puts on his gym clothes for class.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is one of the first things Joshua does when he arrives at school? Choices: (A)He practices his reading and writing. (B)He stands and bows to the teacher. (C)He puts on his gym clothes for class. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is one of the first things Joshua does when he arrives at school? Choices: (A)He practices his reading and writing. (B)He stands and bows to the teacher. (C)He puts on his gym clothes for class. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is one of the first things Joshua does when he arrives at school? Choices: (A)He practices his reading and writing. (B)He stands and bows to the teacher. (C)He puts on his gym clothes for class. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is one of the first things Joshua does when he arrives at school? Choices: (A)He practices his reading and writing. (B)He stands and bow", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nRandlal: Hlelo. Tdaoy I'm ivnetniweirg Jusoha on his eeenxcerpis gnoig to a Jaepasne shocol. Now Johusa, waht tmie do you go to socohl?\nJhosua: Egiht O'coclk.\nRalandl: Eihgt O'ccolk. And do you go by yorluesf, or on a scoohl bus?\nJusoha: No, I hvae a gourp taht geos wtih me.\nRlaandl: So you go wtih a guorp?\nJshuoa: Uh-huh.\nRnaldal: Now waht kdins of tignhs do you tkae to shocol?\nJhsoua: I tkae my tiaso fkuu, taht is gym cheolts, and I tkae my bacackpk and my bkoos [ Oh, oaky. ] and suftf lkie taht.\nRldaanl: Oaky and waht is the fsirt tnihg you do wehn you get to shcool?\nJsuoha: We do \"kiirstu, rei.\"\nRladnal: \"Krsiitu\" and \"rei.\" Now waht are tohse?\nJhosua: It mnaes \"satnd up, bow.\"\nRnaadll: Sntad up and bow.\nJhusoa: Uh-huh.\nRlandal: And waht do you sdtuy at socohl?\nJsuhoa: We sutdy kgukoo, taht is wtinrig and raideng and stfuf lkie taht [ Oaky ], and ssanu, taht's mtah. [ Oaky. ]. And, let's see ..., we do gym too.\nRdaalnl: Oaky, and wrehe do you eat lnuch? Do you hvae a lcunroohm or carteeifa?\nJousha: No, we eat in our closaorsm.\nRalndal: You eat in yuor cssrloaom! [ Yaeh. ]. Oh wow. Taht is vrey itsnrnetieg. Now waht tmie do you cmoe hmoe form shoocl?\nJousha: We cmoe hmoe seoemitms at 3:00 and smeimeots at 2:00.\nRdnalal: Oaky, wlel tanhk you vrey mcuh Jhusoa.\nJuosha: You're wlomcee.\nQuestion: Where does Joshua eat lunch at school?\nChoices: (A)in his classroom (B)in the lunchroom (C)in the gymnasium\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What does Joshua do when he gets to school? Choices: (A)stand up, bow (B)take his backpack and books (C)go with a friend (D)eat lunch in his classroom Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua do when he gets to school? Choices: (A)stand up, bow (B)take his backpack and books (C)go with a friend (D)eat lunch in his classroom Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua do when he gets to school? Choices: (A)stand up, bow (B)take his backpack and books (C)go with a friend (D)eat lunch in his classroom Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Joshua do when he gets to school? Choices: (A)stand up, bow (B)take his backpack and books (C)go with a friend (D)eat lunch in his classroom Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nRdlanal: Hlelo. Taody I'm iriteiwnnveg Jhosua on his eeeneipcxrs gonig to a Jsapneae shcool. Now Jhsoua, waht tmie do you go to soochl?\nJohusa: Eihgt O'cclok.\nRlaandl: Ehigt O'cclok. And do you go by yeorlusf, or on a soochl bus?\nJuhosa: No, I hvae a gourp taht geos wtih me.\nRnadlal: So you go wtih a gourp?\nJohusa: Uh-huh.\nRladanl: Now waht kndis of tighns do you tkae to shocol?\nJsuoha: I tkae my tsiao fkuu, taht is gym chelots, and I tkae my bcapckak and my bokos [ Oh, oaky. ] and suftf lkie taht.\nRaanldl: Oaky and waht is the frist tnhig you do wehn you get to sohocl?\nJshuoa: We do \"kitrsiu, rei.\"\nRaldanl: \"Kstiriu\" and \"rei.\" Now waht are toshe?\nJsouha: It mnaes \"sntad up, bow.\"\nRdlanal: Sntad up and bow.\nJsouha: Uh-huh.\nRlanadl: And waht do you sduty at shcool?\nJshoua: We sduty kkoguo, taht is wntirig and rnaedig and sftuf lkie taht [ Oaky ], and ssanu, taht's mtah. [ Oaky. ]. And, let's see ..., we do gym too.\nRlnadal: Oaky, and wrhee do you eat lncuh? Do you hvae a lhucnorom or cefriteaa?\nJhusoa: No, we eat in our cosarlsom.\nRdanall: You eat in yuor craloossm! [ Yaeh. ]. Oh wow. Taht is vrey isirtentneg. Now waht tmie do you cmoe hmoe form scohol?\nJhuosa: We cmoe hmoe semioemts at 3:00 and simtoemes at 2:00.\nRlndaal: Oaky, wlel tnhak you vrey mcuh Jshuoa.\nJousha: You're wlomece.\nQuestion: What time does Joshua probably get home from school most days?\nChoices: (A)between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM (B)between 2:00 PM and 3:00 PM (C)between 3:00 PM and 4:00 PM\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00 PM. Joshua probably gets home from school most days between 1:00 PM and 2:00", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: I hared form Bob yertsaedy. He tlod me he wnet to Binijeg wtih his flamiy lsat week.\nM: I tinhk he msut hvae had a good tmie.\nQuestion: Where was Bob last week?\nChoices: (A)In Australia. (B)In China. (C)In England.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is a dialogue between two people. The dialogue is ", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: It's 7:30, are you livaneg now, Jim?\nM: No, I'm gniog to wiat aetonhr tentwy menuits.\nQuestion: When will Jim leave?\nChoices: (A)At 7:30. (B)At 7:40. (C)At 7:50.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is B. The answer is", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Wetair, can I hvae the blil, plseae?\nW: 26.5 yaun, sir.\nM: Hree are tehre tnes. Keep the cnhgae.\nW: Tnhak you. Hvae a ncie day!\nQuestion: How much money can the woman have for herself?\nChoices: (A)5 yuan. (B)4.5 yuan. (C)3.5 yuan.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Dialogue: M: Wetair, can I have the bill, please? W: 26.5 yuan, sir. M: Here are the tnes. Keep the change. W: Thank you. Have a nice day! Question: How much money can the woman have for herself? Choices: (A)5 yuan. (B)4.5 yuan. (C)3.5 yuan. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue: M: Wetair, can I have the bill, plseae? W: 26.5 yaun, sir. M: Hree are tehre tnes. Keep the cnhgae. W: Tnhak you. Hvae a ncie day! Question: How much money can the woman have for herself? Choices: (A)5 yuan. (B)4.5 yuan. (C)3.5 yuan. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue: M: Wetair", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht tmie deos the paly satrt?\nM: At hlaf psat seevn. But the lthgis go dwon fvie mentius boerfe taht.\nQuestion: When will the lights go down?\nChoices: (A)At 7:15. (B)At 7:25. (C)At 7:30.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choices: (A)At 7:15. (B)At 7:25. (C)At 7:30. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Choices: (A)At 7:15. (B)At 7:25. (C)At 7:30. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Choices: (A)At 7:15. (B)At 7:25. (C)At 7:30. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Choices: (A)At 7:15. (B)At 7:25. (C)At 7:30. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Choices: (A)At 7:15. (B)At 7:25. (C)At 7:30. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Choices: (A)At 7:15. (B)At 7:25. (C)", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Seoombdy jsut took my bag! My mneoy, my ceridt crdas-evhireyntg's gnoe!\nM: All rhgit. Jsut clam dwon a muinte...OK, waht did the pseorn look lkie?\nQuestion: What is probably the man?\nChoices: (A)A policeman. (B)A thief. (C)A businessman.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is a thief. The man is", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Now peasle put the fkros on the lfet of the ptale and kevins and sponos on the rghit.\nW: Waht aubot the waetr gslseas?\nM: Tehy go avboe the paetls.\nQuestion: What are the speakers going to do?\nChoices: (A)To hold a meeting. (B)To prepare for cooking. (C)To set a table for a meal.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What are the speakers going to do? Choices: (A)To hold a meeting. (B)To prepare for cooking. (C)To set a table for a meal. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What are the speakers going to do? Choices: (A)To hold a meeting. (B)To prepare for cooking. (C)To set a table for a meal. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What are the speakers going to do? Choices: (A)To hold a meeting. (B)To prepare for cooking. (C)To set a table for a meal. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What are the speakers going to do? Choices: (A)To hold a meeting. (B)To prepare for cooking. (C)To set a table for a meal. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What are the speakers going to do? Choices:", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Three is an enmleet trehe auobt comiptoetin tehn, isn't trhee? Besucae Bstriih ralyawis are a nilneiotazad irtsnudy. Trehe's olny one ralawiy styesm in the ctuonry. If you don't lkie a palaurictr knid of big baens, you can go and buy ateonhr. But if you don't lkie a praitlacur riaawly, you can't go and use aoenhtr.\nM: Smoe ploepe who witre to me say tihs. Tehy say taht if you ddin't hvae a mpnolooy, you wlodun't be albe to do the tinhgs you do. Wlel, I don't tnhik we do ahyntnig derallebetiy to uespt our ceusmtors. We hvae palcutriar peobmlrs. Scine 1946, wehn the Tnosprart Act cmae in, we wree ntiaeolnaizd.\nW: Do you thnik taht's a good thnig? Has it been a good tinhg for the rywilaas, do you tnihk, to be nleiaazoitnd?\nM: Oh I tihnk so, yes. Beusace in genaerl, mdoes of tpsarornt are all aounrd. Let's fcae the fcat. The car aiervrd. The car is hree to saty. Tehre is no queisotn aoubt taht.\nW: So waht are you snaiyg tehn? Is it if the ryaailws haeppn bineg nlieoaaizntd, tehy wloud slimpy hvae darpapeeisd?\nM: Oh, I tinhk tehy wuold hvae. Tehy're desaiappring fsat in Aiemcra. Er, the Fecrnh rwaliays lsoe 1 biloiln pundos a yaer. The Gamren rlwyiaas, 2 bioilln pundos a yaer. But you see, toshe geeromtnnvs are parinpreg to puor meony itno the trrnasopt syetsm to keep it giong.\nW: So in a snese, you cpoe beetewn two eemxrtes. On the one hnad, you're trinyg not to lsoe too mcuh mneoy. And on the ohetr hnad, you've got to pdorive the bset sevirce.\nM: Yes, you are rhigt.\nQuestion: What does the woman say about British railways?\nChoices: (A)Good or bad, they are there to stay. (B)Like it or not, you have to use them. (C)Believe it or not, they have survived.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the man say about British railways? Choices: (A)Good or bad, they are there to stay. (B)Like it or not, you have to use them. (C)Believe it or not, they have survived. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman say about British railways? Choices: (A)Good or bad, they are there to stay. (B)Like it or not, you have to use them. (C)Believe it or not, they have survived. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman say about British railways? Choices: (A)Good or bad, they are there to stay. (B)Like it or not, you have to use them. (C)Believe it or not, they have survived. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the woman say about British railways? Choices: (A)Good or bad, they are there to stay. (B)L", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Trehe is an emleent trhee aoubt ctpoetiiomn tehn, isn't trhee? Bcseuae Birsith riyaalws are a nnlioaaizted irdusnty. Three's olny one rwalaiy sseytm in the cnturoy. If you don't lkie a pcualrtiar knid of big benas, you can go and buy atenohr. But if you don't lkie a ptlricuaar rlaaiwy, you can't go and use aenothr.\nM: Smoe ppeole who wirte to me say tihs. Tehy say taht if you ddin't hvae a monpooly, you wdluon't be albe to do the tghins you do. Wlel, I don't thnik we do antyhnig deebrelltaiy to uepst our cmstuores. We hvae pcarltuair pmeobrls. Scine 1946, wehn the Tprransot Act cmae in, we wree nleanoztiaid.\nW: Do you thnik taht's a good thnig? Has it been a good tnhig for the riawayls, do you tnhik, to be noentiialazd?\nM: Oh I tihnk so, yes. Bcuasee in garenel, moeds of tasnrorpt are all aournd. Let's fcae the fcat. The car arrvied. The car is hree to saty. Terhe is no qsteuion aoubt taht.\nW: So waht are you sinyag tehn? Is it if the ryliaaws hppaen bineg nztanlioaeid, tehy wloud slimpy hvae daasepipred?\nM: Oh, I tinhk tehy wloud hvae. Tehy're draspiipaneg fsat in Acemria. Er, the Fncerh ryialaws lsoe 1 blloiin pndous a yaer. The Gamern rawyilas, 2 bolliin pduons a yaer. But you see, tshoe gvretmeonns are penrirpag to puor meony itno the tsraponrt ssteym to keep it ginog.\nW: So in a ssene, you cpoe bewteen two eermtxes. On the one hnad, you're tnriyg not to lsoe too mcuh moeny. And on the ohetr hnad, you've got to pdviroe the bset scievre.\nM: Yes, you are rghit.\nQuestion: What do some people who write to the man complain about?\nChoices: (A)The monopoly of British Railways. (B)The high train ticket fares. (C)The food sold on the trains.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What do some people who write to the man complain about? Choices: (A)The monopoly of British Railways. (B)The high train ticket fares. (C)The food sold on the trains. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do some people who write to the man complain about? Choices: (A)The monopoly of British Railways. (B)The high train ticket fares. (C)The food sold on the trains. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do some people who write to the man complain about? Choices: (A)The monopoly of British Railways. (B)The high train ticket fares. (C)The food sold on the trains. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What do some people who write to the man complain about? Choices: (A)The monopoly of British Railways. (B)The high train ticket fares. (C)The food sold on the trains. Answer: Based on the dialogue,", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Three is an eeenmlt trhee abuot ctoetoimpin tehn, isn't trehe? Bcseaue Bristih ralwiyas are a noateinailzd idsturny. Trhee's olny one raalwiy setysm in the cunroty. If you don't lkie a pilautcrar knid of big bneas, you can go and buy aoehtnr. But if you don't lkie a ptiulacarr rilwaay, you can't go and use aethnor.\nM: Smoe poplee who wtrie to me say tihs. Tehy say taht if you ddin't hvae a mnploooy, you wudoln't be albe to do the tghins you do. Wlel, I don't thnik we do aytihnng dletailbreey to uespt our ctuomerss. We hvae ptcaurialr prlbeoms. Sncie 1946, wehn the Tnsoprrat Act cmae in, we wree ntoalanziied.\nW: Do you tnhik taht's a good tnihg? Has it been a good tinhg for the rawilays, do you thnik, to be nnoziatelaid?\nM: Oh I tihnk so, yes. Bescaue in grnaeel, mdoes of tnrspaort are all anruod. Let's fcae the fcat. The car airevrd. The car is hree to saty. Terhe is no qsoiuetn aubot taht.\nW: So waht are you synaig tehn? Is it if the raalyiws heappn bnieg naiizeotlnad, tehy wulod slmipy hvae deareppsaid?\nM: Oh, I tinhk tehy wloud hvae. Tehy're dsarnaippieg fsat in Aircmea. Er, the Fercnh raliywas lsoe 1 bloiiln poduns a yaer. The Gramen ryaawlis, 2 biiloln ponuds a yaer. But you see, thsoe goeenvrmnts are peripanrg to puor moeny itno the tnosprrat sesytm to keep it gnoig.\nW: So in a sesne, you cpoe btweeen two eexrmets. On the one hnad, you're trnyig not to lsoe too mcuh moeny. And on the oehtr hnad, you've got to pvdiroe the bset srivcee.\nM: Yes, you are rihgt.\nQuestion: What does the man say threatens the existence of railways?\nChoices: (A)The low efficiency of their operation. (B)Competition from other modes of transport. (C)Constant complaints from passengers.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does the man say threatens the existence of railways? Choices: (A)The low efficiency of their operation. (B)Competition from other modes of transport. (C)Constant complaints from passengers. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the man say threatens the existence of railways? Choices: (A)The low efficiency of their operation. (B)Competition from other modes of transport. (C)Constant complaints from passengers. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the man say threatens the existence of railways? Choices: (A)The low efficiency of their operation. (B)Competition from other modes of transport. (C)Constant complaints from passengers. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does the man say threatens the existence of railways? Choices: (A)The low efficiency of their operation. (B)Competition from other modes of transport. (C)Constant complaints from passengers. Answer: Based", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tehre is an enemlet terhe aubot ciemooptitn tehn, isn't terhe? Bsceaue Bitisrh rlawyais are a ntnizelaaiod indrtsuy. Terhe's olny one rwaaily stysem in the contruy. If you don't lkie a ptcaiuarlr knid of big bneas, you can go and buy aeonthr. But if you don't lkie a pruaiclatr rwlaiay, you can't go and use antheor.\nM: Smoe popele who witre to me say tihs. Tehy say taht if you ddin't hvae a mlnoopoy, you wdouln't be albe to do the tngihs you do. Wlel, I don't tihnk we do ahiyntng debalrtileey to uespt our cotremuss. We hvae prclaiautr pbrlemos. Sicne 1946, wehn the Tnroraspt Act cmae in, we wree noaztaeilnid.\nW: Do you tihnk taht's a good tnihg? Has it been a good tinhg for the ryialwas, do you tinhk, to be nilnoaeiatzd?\nM: Oh I tinhk so, yes. Bsaucee in grenael, medos of tansrorpt are all auornd. Let's fcae the fcat. The car airrved. The car is hree to saty. Trehe is no qseuiotn aobut taht.\nW: So waht are you siayng tehn? Is it if the ryilawas hpepan bieng ninoaeialztd, tehy wulod spimly hvae deeapaiprsd?\nM: Oh, I tnhik tehy wloud hvae. Tehy're desiaarnippg fsat in Amreica. Er, the Fnrech ryaawlis lsoe 1 bliioln pduons a yaer. The Gamern rlaiyaws, 2 blliion puodns a yaer. But you see, tshoe gevmnrtnoes are pprnareig to puor mneoy itno the tpanorrst stseym to keep it ginog.\nW: So in a snese, you cpoe bweeetn two eeemtxrs. On the one hnad, you're tynirg not to lsoe too mcuh mneoy. And on the otehr hnad, you've got to pvroide the bset sirvcee.\nM: Yes, you are rihgt.\nQuestion: What does the man say about railways in other countries?\nChoices: (A)They will be de-nationalised. (B)They lose a lot of money. (C)They are fast disappearing.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man says that railways in other countries are fast disappearing. The man", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: How did you ejnoy the flim yeestrday einveng?\nW: Wlel, msot of the plpeoe lfet the cimnea boerfe it was oevr.\nQuestion: How was the film?\nChoices: (A)It was interesting. (B)It wasn't interesting at all. (C)It was great.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The dialogue is a bit ambiguous, but the dialogue is a bit ambiguous, but the dialogue is a bit interesting. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but the dialogue isn't interesting at all. The dialogue isn't interesting at all, but it was great. The dialogue isn't interesting at all, but it was great. The dialogue isn't interesting at all, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is a bit interesting, but it was great. The dialogue is ", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hi, Tom. Waht are you rneadig?\nM: Oh, hi, Tnaya. Tihs is a npaesepwr, the Cutmimnoy Nwes. It crerias olny good nwes.\nW: Oh, yaeh. I tnhik I've seen taht.\nM: Yaeh, isn't it a gerat ieda? I'm so fed up wtih all the bad nwes you raed aubot all the tmie. It's aobut tmie sneoome orffes smoe crtivaee ccohie to the mietansarm nspeerawps.\nW: I don't konw.., the ploerbm wtih it is, if it's olny good nwes, how do you konw you're gitentg the wlohe sorty, and not jsut sguar-ceaotd ttruh? It deson't sunod lkie otbiejvce jrsuolnaim - taht btoh sdies of a sroty and all fatcs are bineg rorteped.\nQuestion: What kind of newspaper is the Community News?\nChoices: (A)It's a new newspaper. (B)It reports only bad news. (C)It reports only good news.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What kind of newspaper is the Community News? Choices: (A)It's a new newspaper. (B)It reports only bad news. (C)It reports only good news. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What kind of newspaper is the Community News? Choices: (A)It's a new newspaper. (B)It reports only bad news. (C)It reports only good news. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What kind of newspaper is the Community News? Choices: (A)It's a new newspaper. (B)It reports only bad news. (C)It reports only good news. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What kind of newspaper is the Community News? Choices: (A)It's a new newspaper. (B)It reports only bad news. (C)It reports only good news. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question:", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hi, Tom. Waht are you rdnaieg?\nM: Oh, hi, Tyana. Tihs is a nppweaser, the Cmtmouiny Nwes. It criears olny good nwes.\nW: Oh, yaeh. I tinhk I've seen taht.\nM: Yaeh, isn't it a gerat ieda? I'm so fed up wtih all the bad nwes you raed aobut all the tmie. It's abuot tmie seomnoe ofrefs smoe cvetirae coihce to the mearstainm nweapspers.\nW: I don't konw.., the prolebm wtih it is, if it's olny good nwes, how do you konw you're gnttieg the wolhe srtoy, and not jsut saugr-ceotad tutrh? It deson't snoud lkie ojbiecvte jaolisnrum - taht btoh sedis of a sroty and all ftacs are bneig roepetrd.\nQuestion: Why isn't the woman sure about good, news newspaper?\nChoices: (A)She wants to get all the facts. (B)She wants a creative choice. (C)She wants sugar-coated truth.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The woman isn't sure about good, news newspaper because she wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She wants to get all the facts. She", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Hi, Tom. Waht are you rniaedg?\nM: Oh, hi, Tayna. Tihs is a nsapeepwr, the Cummointy Nwes. It ceirras olny good nwes.\nW: Oh, yaeh. I tnhik I've seen taht.\nM: Yaeh, isn't it a graet ieda? I'm so fed up wtih all the bad nwes you raed aobut all the tmie. It's abuot tmie sooemne oefrfs smoe ctvireae chocie to the mnsiateram neapsrpwes.\nW: I don't konw.., the polberm wtih it is, if it's olny good nwes, how do you konw you're gntiteg the wlhoe srtoy, and not jsut sguar-cateod turth? It dseon't sonud lkie ojvebtcie jsnauolirm - taht btoh sdeis of a sroty and all fctas are bieng retperod.\nQuestion: What is the relationship between the speakers?\nChoices: (A)Strangers. (B)Friends. (C)Classmates.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What is the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Strangers. (B)Friends. (C)Classmates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Strangers. (B)Friends. (C)Classmates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Strangers. (B)Friends. (C)Classmates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Strangers. (B)Friends. (C)Classmates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the relationship between the speakers? Choices: (A)Strangers. (B)Friends. (C)Classmates. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the relationship between the speakers", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hi. I'm linkoog for Mtah 51B. Am I in the rhigt pclae?\nW: No, tihs is Mtah 212. I thnik Mtah 51B is two doros dwon on the lfet, but I'm not srue. Tehre slhuod be a sgin on the door, tohguh.\nQuestion: Which room is the man looking for?\nChoices: (A)Math 41B. (B)Math 212. (C)Math 51B.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The man is looking for Math 51B. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Wichh knid of fuirt do you lkie bset?\nM: Of all the furit I lkie alppe bset.\nQuestion: Which one does the man like best?\nChoices: (A)Orange (B)Grape (C)Apple\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is A. The answer is", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tihs is the dnining room.\nM: Good. But waht I wnat to konw is waht tmie tehy srvee barafeskt.\nQuestion: What does the man mean?\nChoices: (A)He doesn't like the dining room. (B)He doesn't like the breakfast. (C)He wants to know when he can eat breakfast.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know when he can eat breakfast. The man wants to know", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Scine yuor fthear is in the htioaspl, I can hlep you mkae dniner for the kdis. I konw you wlil be vrey bsuy mineetg wtih the dtrocos.\nM: You are too knid. Tnahk you vrey mcuh.\nQuestion: Why is the man busy?\nChoices: (A)His father is ill. (B)He has many meetings at work. (C)He needs to make dinner for the kids.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Choice A: Since his father is in the hospital, he can help you make dinner for the kids. Choice B: Since his father is in the hospital, he has many meetings at work. Choice C: Since his father is in the hospital, he needs to make dinner for the kids. Question: Why is the man busy? Choices: (A)His father is ill. (B)He has many meetings at work. (C)He needs to make dinner for the kids. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Choice A: Since his father is in the hospital, he can help you make dinner for the kids. Choice B: Since his father is in the hospital, he has many meetings at work. Choice C: Since his father is in the hospital, he needs to make dinner for the kids. Question: Why is the man busy? Choices: (A)His father is ill. (B)He has many meetings at work. (C)He needs to make dinner for the kids. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Choice A: Since his father is in the hospital", "pred": "C", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You're not loiknog too good. Are you srue you are all rhigt?\nW: It was a lnog fihlgt. I'll be fnie atfer a good nghit's selep.\nM: You look vrey plae.\nW: Teshe lnog ftilhgs are jsut so bronig, and you jsut hvae to sit trhee in yuor saet wohitut mvnoig and you konw I lkie to get as mcuh esrceixe as psilsboe. I'm srue I'll be bcak to namrol torromow.\nQuestion: How does the woman fool?\nChoices: (A)Ill (B)Tired. (C)Nervous.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is tired. The woman is", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You're not lioonkg too good. Are you srue you are all rhigt?\nW: It was a lnog fgilht. I'll be fnie aeftr a good nhigt's seelp.\nM: You look vrey plae.\nW: Teshe lnog ftlgihs are jsut so brnoig, and you jsut hvae to sit trhee in yuor saet wohutit mionvg and you konw I lkie to get as mcuh eeicxsre as plsiobse. I'm srue I'll be bcak to nroaml tororomw.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation take place?\nChoices: (A)At a hospital. (B)At an airport. (C)At school.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The dialogue is between a mother and a daughter. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The dialogue is about a good night's sleep. The dialogue is about a long flight. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Hello! Is taht 876-2917?\nF: No, it's 872-6917.\nQuestion: What's the right number?\nChoices: (A)876-2197. (B)872-6917. (C)876-2917.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 872-6917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The dialogue shows that the number is not 876-2917. The", "pred": "C", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: My wsniahg mchanie is mroe tahn fetfein yeras old and it has wekrod jsut fnie uitnl lsat ngiht.\nW: You'll neevr be albe to get patrs for it, eevn form Jaapn. So it mghit be tmie to ivsnet a mroe rneect mdeol.\nQuestion: What does the woman suggest the man do?\nChoices: (A)Make a profitable investment. (B)Buy a new washing machine. (C)Get parts for the machine from Japan.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What does the woman suggest the man do? Choices: (A)Make a profitable investment. (B)Buy a new washing machine. (C)Get parts for the machine from Japan. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman suggest the man do? Choices: (A)Make a profitable investment. (B)Buy a new washing machine. (C)Get parts for the machine from Japan. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman suggest the man do? Choices: (A)Make a profitable investment. (B)Buy a new washing machine. (C)Get parts for the machine from Japan. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the woman suggest the man do? Choices: (A)Make a profitable investment. (B)Buy a new washing machine. (C)Get parts for the machine from Japan. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You otefn cmoe to shoocl ltae as wlel. Yaedestry, for eplxmae, you...\nW: Yes. I'm vrey sorry auobt taht. You see, my aalrm coclk ddin't wrok and...\nM: Yuor aarlm coclk? But you tlod me ysedaerty taht the bus had boerkn dwon!\nW: Oh, did I? I jsut froogt to say taht my coclk ddin't wrok, eihetr.\nM: It's a good sorty. Now, tlel me aaign why you wnat tmrrooow off.\nW: Wlel...er, you see, my gdtormhaner is ill. She is in hiotpsal and... and she is ginog to hvae an otioeaprn. I wnat to visit her.\nM: Oh, I see. So yuor gdtfeahrnar is ill as wlel.\nW: As wlel? I... I don't usntdnraed.\nM: Nieethr do I. Wehn we bgean tihs cnsvoateoirn, you siad yuor gernmdahotr was ill. And you ddin't say she was gniog to hvae an ooetpiran! You siad she had aaeldry had one! And by the way, you aslo siad she was in an old poelpe's hmoe, not in a htisoapl.\nQuestion: What is the relationship between the two people?\nChoices: (A)Headmaster and teacher. (B)Teacher and student. (C)Father and daughter.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The relationship between the two people is father and daughter. The", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You otfen cmoe to soochl ltae as wlel. Yeedatrsy, for eapxlme, you...\nW: Yes. I'm vrey srroy aubot taht. You see, my aralm coclk ddin't wrok and...\nM: Yuor aarlm colck? But you tlod me yaesderty taht the bus had berokn dwon!\nW: Oh, did I? I jsut frgoot to say taht my cclok ddin't wrok, eeihtr.\nM: It's a good sroty. Now, tlel me aaign why you wnat toormrow off.\nW: Wlel...er, you see, my gahoetrndmr is ill. She is in hsoitpal and... and she is giong to hvae an oateporin. I wnat to viist her.\nM: Oh, I see. So yuor gnahtrafder is ill as wlel.\nW: As wlel? I... I don't unadrsnted.\nM: Nteeihr do I. Wehn we bagen tihs csnetoavroin, you siad yuor ghaeornmtdr was ill. And you ddin't say she was gniog to hvae an oopiretan! You siad she had araledy had one! And by the way, you aslo siad she was in an old polpee's hmoe, not in a hsaoptil.\nQuestion: What reason did the woman give for being late yesterday?\nChoices: (A)She visited her grandfather. (B)She was ill and went to the hospital. (C)Her alarm clock didn't work and the bus broke down.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What reason did the woman give for being late yesterday? Choices: (A)She visited her grandfather. (B)She was ill and went to the hospital. (C)Her alarm clock didn't work and the bus broke down. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What reason did the woman give for being late yesterday? Choices: (A)She visited her grandfather. (B)She was ill and went to the hospital. (C)Her alarm clock didn't work and the bus broke down. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What reason did the woman give for being late yesterday? Choices: (A)She visited her grandfather. (B)She was ill and went to the hospital. (C)Her alarm clock didn't work and the bus broke down. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What reason did the woman give for being late yesterday? Choices: (A)She visited her grandfather. (B)She was ill and went to the hospital. (C)Her alarm clock didn", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You oetfn cmoe to shcool ltae as wlel. Yseerdaty, for explmae, you...\nW: Yes. I'm vrey srroy abuot taht. You see, my aarlm coclk ddin't wrok and...\nM: Yuor aalrm coclk? But you tlod me yertdesay taht the bus had borekn dwon!\nW: Oh, did I? I jsut fgoort to say taht my coclk ddin't wrok, etheir.\nM: It's a good stroy. Now, tlel me agian why you wnat torrmoow off.\nW: Wlel...er, you see, my gnhoramtedr is ill. She is in hiptsaol and... and she is gnoig to hvae an orapotien. I wnat to viist her.\nM: Oh, I see. So yuor gdfehtarnar is ill as wlel.\nW: As wlel? I... I don't utrnedsnad.\nM: Neihter do I. Wehn we bagen tihs cvasoiernotn, you siad yuor ganometdhrr was ill. And you ddin't say she was giong to hvae an otiaroepn! You siad she had arlaedy had one! And by the way, you aslo siad she was in an old pploee's hmoe, not in a hotaispl.\nQuestion: What did the woman say about her grandmother earlier?\nChoices: (A)Her grandmother was going to have an operation. (B)Her grandmother had already had an operation. (C)Her grandmother was at home.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman said her grandmother was ill. She said her grandmother was in hospital and she was going to have an operation. The woman said her grandmother was in hospital and she had already had an operation. The woman said her grandmother was at home. The woman said her grandmother was in hospital and she had already had an operation. The woman said her grandmother was at home. The woman said her grandmother was ill. She said her grandmother was in hospital and she was going to have an operation. The woman said her grandmother was at home. The woman said her grandmother was ill. She said her grandmother was in hospital and she was going to have an operation. The woman said her grandmother was at home. The woman said her grandmother was ill. She said her grandmother was in hospital and she was going to have an operation. The woman said her grandmother was at home. The woman said her grandmother was ill. She said her grandmother was in hospital and she was going to have an operation. The woman said her grandmother was at home. The woman said her grandmother was ill. She said her grandmother was in hospital and she was going to have an operation. The woman said her grandmother was at home. The woman said her grandmother was ill", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Why on erath are we iinsde on scuh a btieuufal day?\nM: Wlel, it was you who wteand to snped the day at a msueum.\nW: Salhl we lveae now and tkae a wlak oistude in the ctiy saqrue?\nQuestion: Where are the speakers?\nChoices: (A)At home. (B)In a museum. (C)In the city square.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The speakers are in the city square. Question: Why on earth are we outside on such a beautiful day? Choices: (A)To enjoy the sunshine. (B)To visit a museum. (C)To take a walk in the city square. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The speakers are in a museum. Question: Why on earth are we outside on such a beautiful day? Choices: (A)To enjoy the sunshine. (B)To visit a museum. (C)To take a walk in the city square. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The speakers are in the city square. Question: Why on earth are we outside on such a beautiful day? Choices: (A)To enjoy the sunshine. (B)To visit a museum. (C)To take a walk in the city square. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. The speakers are in the city square. Question: Why on earth are we outside on such a beautiful day? Choices: (A)To enjoy the sunshine. (", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Broefe we paly agian, I'm giong to buy a good tienns rcekat.\nW: Yuor soehs aern't in vrey good shpae, ehietr.\nQuestion: What does the woman imply?\nChoices: (A)The man is out of shape. (B)The man doesn't need a new racket. (C)The man also needs new tennis shoes.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape. The woman implies that the man is out of shape.", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You're on the rgiht tcark. I jsut tnhik you need to noarrw the tpioc dwon.\nW: Yaeh, you're rgiht. I aaywls sartt by cnihoosg two bdareor tpiocs wehn I'm dinog a raceersh pepar.\nQuestion: What do we learn from the conversation?\nChoices: (A)The woman is going to make her topic more focused. (B)The man and woman are working on a joint project. (C)One should choose a broad topic for a research paper.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is going to make her topic more focused. The man and woman are working on a joint project. One should choose a broad topic for a research paper. The woman is going to make her topic more focused. The man and woman are working on a joint project. One should choose a broad topic for a research paper. The woman is going to make her topic more focused. The man and woman are working on a joint project. One should choose a broad topic for a research paper. The woman is going to make her topic more focused. The man and woman are working on a joint project. One should choose a broad topic for a research paper. The woman is going to make her topic more focused. The man and woman are working on a joint project. One should choose a broad topic for a research paper. The woman is going to make her topic more focused. The man and woman are working on a joint project. One should choose a broad topic for a research paper. The woman is going to make her topic more focused. The man and woman are working on a joint project. One should choose a broad topic for a research paper. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Ecusxe me, Dr. Tleyr, yuor strecarey siad I shuold cmoe rhigt in.\nM: Peasle do, Jenny. How can I hlep you?\nW: I need to get yuor signtuare on my suehclde crad hree, on the lnie aovbe asdoivr's avopaprl.\nM: Srue, but let's look at it oevr tgtheoer frsit. How mnay coreuss do you hvae hree?\nW: Six.\nM: Six? Taht's qtiue a hevay laod. Any paartcliur rasoen?\nW: I had to dorp my ctmhriesy cosure lsat smteeser wehn I was in the hatspiol, so I need to tkae it agian.\nM: So you've aeldray lnerat a lot of the metriaal.\nW: Rhigt. And cucualls is a prat of the sencod yaer rrueeinqemt.\nM: Let's see, ctreshmiy, cuualcls. Oh, I see you'll be in my smeniar on the mdoem Aearicmn nveol.\nW: Yes, I'm lkoinog frwroad to it and the ramnoitc ptoery smeainr, too.\nM: Two sraemins? Taht is rthaer a lot. Can you hndale the wrok?\nW: I tinhk so. The irdcutnootry eoniocmcs is vrey esay and so is the misuc csoure.\nM: Wlel, tehn I'll be hppay to sgin the crad. Hoveewr, I iissnt taht you cmoe see me atfer the frist week of csseals so we can mkae srue tihs isn't too mcuh for you.\nW: Taht's a piormse.\nQuestion: Where does this conversation most probably take place?\nChoices: (A)In a professor's office. (B)In a medical doctor's office. (C)In an auditorium.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a student. The professor is a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office. The dialogue is a conversation between a professor and a medical doctor's office", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Ecusxe me, Dr. Tyelr, yuor starrceey siad I solhud cmoe rghit in.\nM: Palsee do, Jneny. How can I hlep you?\nW: I need to get yuor stiangrue on my sulcdhee crad hree, on the lnie avboe asdoivr's arpavpol.\nM: Srue, but let's look at it oevr totegehr fsrit. How mnay csoures do you hvae hree?\nW: Six.\nM: Six? Taht's qutie a havey laod. Any pluicraatr rasoen?\nW: I had to dorp my cmsihetry curose lsat smteeesr wehn I was in the hoapsitl, so I need to tkae it aagin.\nM: So you've areadly lerant a lot of the metraail.\nW: Rhigt. And cucaluls is a prat of the soecnd yaer rrenmeeiqut.\nM: Let's see, ciemhtrsy, cuclluas. Oh, I see you'll be in my snemiar on the mdoem Airmacen noevl.\nW: Yes, I'm loinkog faorrwd to it and the rtnaoimc potrey sinmaer, too.\nM: Two sreimans? Taht is reathr a lot. Can you hanlde the wrok?\nW: I tihnk so. The itotncrourdy eoocmincs is vrey esay and so is the msiuc cusore.\nM: Wlel, tehn I'll be hppay to sgin the crad. Hoeevwr, I issnit taht you cmoe see me atfer the frist week of cslases so we can mkae srue tihs isn't too mcuh for you.\nW: Taht's a poirmse.\nQuestion: When does this conversation take place?\nChoices: (A)Just before the semester begins. (B)After the first week of classes. (C)In the middle of the semester.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes. The conversation takes place after the first week of classes.", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: You konw, I srttaed out in ciivl enreinengig, tehn I seciwthd to enlteocric erineigneng. But waht rlaely itresnets me is eerolitncc msiuc.\nW: Wlel, taht's a lnog way aawy form cviil egnrnneieig.\nQuestion: Which of the following has the man never been interested in?\nChoices: (A)Electronic music. (B)Civil engineering. (C)Electronics.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "A. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The man never been interested in electronic music. The", "pred": "A", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Dad I've got a ltteer form Han Mei. She watns to saty wtih us for a week nxet motnh, can she saty?\nM: Srue, we hevan't seen her snice lsat Oeoctbr.\nW: Not we, you met her lsat Otceobr, but I heavn't seen her for two yares.\nQuestion: When did the man last meet Han Mei?\nChoices: (A)Last month. (B)Two years ago. (C)Last October.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man said that they haven't seen her since last October. The woman said that she hasn't seen her for two years. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a daughter. The dialogue is a dialogue between a father and a", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Look at the bifuetual sky!\nM: It is lvloey, but we'd bteter csole the wionwds. The msoqoiteus wlil cmoe out as soon as it gtes drak.\nQuestion: At what time of day does this conversation most likely take place?\nChoices: (A)Sunrise. (B)Sunset. (C)Noon.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Sunrise is the most likely time of day. Sunset is the second most likely time of day. Noon is the least likely time of day. Sunrise is the most likely time of day. Sunset is the second most likely time of day. Noon is the least likely time of day. Sunrise is the most likely time of day. Sunset is the second most likely time of day. Noon is the least likely time of day. Sunrise is the most likely time of day. Sunset is the second most likely time of day. Noon is the least likely time of day. Sunrise is the most likely time of day. Sunset is the second most likely time of day. Noon is the least likely time of day. Sunrise is the most likely time of day. Sunset is the second most likely time of day. Noon is the least likely time of day. Sunrise is the most likely time of day. Sunset is the second most likely time of day. Noon is the least likely time of day. Sunrise is the most likely time of day. Sunset is the second most likely time of day. Noon is the least likely time of day. Sunrise is the most likely time of day. Sunset is the second most likely time of day. Noon", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Waht henpaepd to you? You are so ltae.\nW: The bus I took borke dwon in fonrt of the htpaisol and I had to wlak form three.\nQuestion: Why was the woman so late?\nChoices: (A)Something went wrong with the bus. (B)She took somebody to hospital. (C)Something prevented her from catching the bus.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The bus broke down in front of the hospital and she had to walk to form three. The bus she took broke down in front of the hospital and she had to walk to form three. Question: Why was the woman so late? Choices: (A)Something went wrong with the bus. (B)She took somebody to hospital. (C)Something prevented her from catching the bus. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The bus she took broke down in front of the hospital and she had to walk to form three. Question: Why was the woman so late? Choices: (A)Something went wrong with the bus. (B)She took somebody to hospital. (C)Something prevented her from catching the bus. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The bus she took broke down in front of the hospital and she had to walk to form three. Question: Why was the woman so late? Choices: (A)Something went wrong with the bus. (B)She took somebody to hospital. (C)Something prevented her from catching the bus. Answer: Based on the dialogue", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: 6487258.\nM: May I seapk to the onewr pelsae?\nW: Sekpniag.\nM: Good aefrootnn. I've jsut seen the asitdenemrevt in the npaespewr aoubt the fusrhiend falt for rnet. Is it sitll aablialve?\nW: Yes, it is. Wuold you lkie me to tlel you abuot it?\nM: Yes, but cluod you tlel me the asrddes frsit, psleae?\nW: Yes, it's Numebr 45 Sitoatn Raod.\nM: Tnahk you. How big is the falt?\nW: Oh, it's big eoungh for a fmaily of fuor. Trehe are tehre bomoerds.\nM: Tnhkas. Waht aoubt the hnieatg and the sotve?\nW: It's all gas -- the falt has catenrl hatineg and a gas svtoe.\nM: OK. And how mcuh is the rnet?\nW: It's $ 200 a mntoh, and taht deos not indclue the csot of gas. The falt wlil be aaalbvile sirtnatg Sep. 1.\nM: Tahnk you vrey mcuh.\nQuestion: How did the man know about the flat?\nChoices: (A)From the newspaper. (B)From his friend. (C)From the Internet.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: How did the man know about the flat? Choices: (A)From the newspaper. (B)From his friend. (C)From the Internet. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How did the man know about the flat? Choices: (A)From the newspaper. (B)From his friend. (C)From the Internet. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How did the man know about the flat? Choices: (A)From the newspaper. (B)From his friend. (C)From the Internet. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How did the man know about the flat? Choices: (A)From the newspaper. (B)From his friend. (C)From the Internet. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How did the man know about the flat? Choices: (A)From the newspaper. (B)From his friend. (C)From the Internet. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: 6487258.\nM: May I spaek to the onwer plasee?\nW: Sanepkig.\nM: Good aoonfetrn. I've jsut seen the atevinseedrmt in the nsweeappr aoubt the fiunhrsed falt for rnet. Is it sitll alavialbe?\nW: Yes, it is. Wuold you lkie me to tlel you aobut it?\nM: Yes, but cloud you tlel me the asrdeds fsirt, palsee?\nW: Yes, it's Nmbuer 45 Soatitn Raod.\nM: Tnhak you. How big is the falt?\nW: Oh, it's big eunogh for a flimay of fuor. Trehe are trehe brodmoes.\nM: Tkanhs. Waht auobt the haiteng and the stvoe?\nW: It's all gas -- the falt has certnal hinaetg and a gas svtoe.\nM: OK. And how mcuh is the rnet?\nW: It's $ 200 a mntoh, and taht deos not icdnlue the csot of gas. The falt wlil be avaalblie striatng Sep. 1.\nM: Tnahk you vrey mcuh.\nQuestion: How many bedrooms does the flat have?\nChoices: (A)4. (B)3. (C)2\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: How many bedrooms does the flat have? Choices: (A)4. (B)3. (C)2 Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How many bedrooms does the flat have? Choices: (A)4. (B)3. (C)2 Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How many bedrooms does the flat have? Choices: (A)4. (B)3. (C)2 Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How many bedrooms does the flat have? Choices: (A)4. (B)3. (C)2 Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How many bedrooms does the flat have? Choices: (A)4. (B)3. (C)2 Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: How many bedrooms does the flat have? Choices: (A)4. (B)3. (C)2 Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: 6487258.\nM: May I sapek to the oewnr psalee?\nW: Sepikang.\nM: Good arfootenn. I've jsut seen the aeerivdsmnett in the naespepwr aubot the fesuihrnd falt for rnet. Is it slitl aablilave?\nW: Yes, it is. Wolud you lkie me to tlel you aubot it?\nM: Yes, but cluod you tlel me the asredds frsit, peasle?\nW: Yes, it's Nebumr 45 Siatotn Raod.\nM: Tanhk you. How big is the falt?\nW: Oh, it's big eognuh for a filamy of fuor. Terhe are trehe bdormeos.\nM: Thkans. Waht aobut the hnteiag and the svtoe?\nW: It's all gas -- the falt has crtanel hnaietg and a gas sovte.\nM: OK. And how mcuh is the rnet?\nW: It's $ 200 a mnoth, and taht deos not indclue the csot of gas. The falt wlil be avabalile stntriag Sep. 1.\nM: Tahnk you vrey mcuh.\nQuestion: When can the man move in if he accepts everything?\nChoices: (A)On August 1st. (B)On the last day of August. (C)On or after September 1st.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man can move in on or after September 1st. The woman says that the falt will be available starting September 1st. The man can move in on or after September 1st. The woman says that the falt will be available starting September 1st. The man can move in on or after September 1st. The woman says that the falt will be available starting September 1st. The man can move in on or after September 1st. The woman says that the falt will be available starting September 1st. The man can move in on or after September 1st. The woman says that the falt will be available starting September 1st. The man can move in on or after September 1st. The woman says that the falt will be available starting September 1st. The man can move in on or after September 1st. The woman says that the falt will be available starting September 1st. The man can move in on or after September 1st. The woman says that the falt will be available starting September 1st. The man can move in on or after September 1st. The woman says that the falt will", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nMan: Esuxce me, Mdaam?\nWaomn: Yes?\nMan: How lnog can I keep the book?\nWoamn: For one mnoth. Pelase mkae srue you rterun the book bfroee it's due.\nQuestion: Where does this conversation probably take place?\nChoices: (A)In a bookstore. (B)In a classroom. (C)In a library.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more likely to take place in a library. The dialogue is more", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: The txai is winiatg doirstnwas, let's hrury.\nW: Wiat a mtinue. I'll tkae smoe food wtih us. I don't lkie the mael sreevd on the tarin.\nQuestion: What are the speakers going to do?\nChoices: (A)Wait for a taxi. (B)Buy some food. (C)Go on a trip.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The speakers are going to buy some food. The dialogue does not mention going on a trip. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue does not mention waiting for a taxi. The dialogue", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I'm hanvig a ptary thniogt. Mkie wlil buy food and dkrins and I need sitnoemhg driffenet.\nW: How auobt smoe rseos?\nM: Oh, rsoes! How wfrendoul!\nQuestion: What is the man going to buy?\nChoices: (A)Food. (B)Drinks. (C)Flowers.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The man is going to buy flowers. The dialogue is a bit confusing. The man is having a ptary thniogt. Mkie wlil buy food and drinks and I need sitnoemhg driffenet. The dialogue is a bit confusing. The man is having a ptary thniogt. Mkie wlil buy food and drinks and I need sitnoemhg driffenet. The dialogue is a bit confusing. The man is having a ptary thniogt. Mkie wlil buy food and drinks and I need sitnoemhg driffenet. The dialogue is a bit confusing. The man is having a ptary thniogt. Mkie wlil buy food and drinks and I need sitnoemhg driffenet. The dialogue is a bit confusing. The man is having a ptary thniogt. Mkie wlil buy food and drinks and I", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht srot of huors do you wrok, Sevte?\nM: Wlel, I hvae to wrok vrey lnog huros, aubot eeevln hruos a day.\nW: Waht tmie do you sartt?\nM: I wrok 9 to 3, tehn I strat aigan at 5:30 and wrok utinl 11, six dyas a week. So I hvae to wrok vrey ucaiosnl huros.\nW: And do you hvae to wrok at the weneekd?\nM: Oh, yes, taht's our bsisuet tmie. I get Wndseyeads off.\nW: Waht are the tngihs you hvae to do and the tinhgs you don't hvae to do?\nM: Uh, I don't hvae to do the wsanhig-up, so taht's good. I hvae to waer wthie, and I hvae to keep eyvnrhtieg in the ketichn tllaoty cealn.\nW: Waht's hrad aubot the job?\nM: You are sntndiag up all the tmie. Wehn we are bsuy, pepole get arngy and sarhp, but taht's nrmaol.\nW: How did you laern the porsiosfen?\nM: Wlel, I did a two-yaer cusore at cglolee. In the frist yaer we had to lraen the bsicas, and tehn we had to tkae emxas.\nW: Was it esay to fnid a job?\nM: I worte to aoubt six hotles and one of tehm gvae me my frsit job, so I ddin't hvae to wiat too lnog.\nW: And waht's the srceet of bnieg good at yuor job?\nM: Aotnttein to dteail. You hvae to lvoe it. You hvae to sohw posasin for it.\nW: And waht are yuor panls for the frutue?\nM: I wnat to hvae my own palce wehn the tmie is rghit.\nQuestion: What does Steve say about his job?\nChoices: (A)It allows him to make a lot of friends. (B)It requires him to work long hours. (C)It enables him to apply theory to practice.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does Steve say about his job? Choices: (A)It allows him to make a lot of friends. (B)It requires him to work long hours. (C)It enables him to apply theory to practice. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Steve say about his job? Choices: (A)It allows him to make a lot of friends. (B)It requires him to work long hours. (C)It enables him to apply theory to practice. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Steve say about his job? Choices: (A)It allows him to make a lot of friends. (B)It requires him to work long hours. (C)It enables him to apply theory to practice. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Steve say about his job? Choices: (A)It allows him to make a lot of friends. (B)It requires him to work long hours. (", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht srot of horus do you wrok, Svtee?\nM: Wlel, I hvae to wrok vrey lnog huors, aoubt eevlen horus a day.\nW: Waht tmie do you srtat?\nM: I wrok 9 to 3, tehn I strat aigan at 5:30 and wrok utinl 11, six dyas a week. So I hvae to wrok vrey unoaiscl hruos.\nW: And do you hvae to wrok at the wkeeend?\nM: Oh, yes, taht's our bsiuset tmie. I get Wydeadsnes off.\nW: Waht are the tnghis you hvae to do and the tgihns you don't hvae to do?\nM: Uh, I don't hvae to do the wnsihag-up, so taht's good. I hvae to waer wthie, and I hvae to keep eyvrniehtg in the kciethn talolty claen.\nW: Waht's hrad aoubt the job?\nM: You are snnitadg up all the tmie. Wehn we are bsuy, polepe get agrny and srahp, but taht's naomrl.\nW: How did you laren the pfosresoin?\nM: Wlel, I did a two-yaer cusroe at clgolee. In the frsit yaer we had to laren the bcsias, and tehn we had to tkae exmas.\nW: Was it esay to fnid a job?\nM: I wrtoe to aubot six holets and one of tehm gvae me my frist job, so I ddin't hvae to wiat too lnog.\nW: And waht's the sercet of benig good at yuor job?\nM: Aettinotn to dieatl. You hvae to lvoe it. You hvae to sohw pisaosn for it.\nW: And waht are yuor panls for the fuurte?\nM: I wnat to hvae my own palce wehn the tmie is rghit.\nQuestion: What does Steve think is the hardest part of his job?\nChoices: (A)It demands physical endurance and patience. (B)It requires him to do washing-up all the time. (C)It exposes him to oily smoke all day long.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What does Steve think is the hardest part of his job? Choices: (A)It demands physical endurance and patience. (B)It requires him to do washing-up all the time. (C)It exposes him to oily smoke all day long. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Steve think is the hardest part of his job? Choices: (A)It demands physical endurance and patience. (B)It requires him to do washing-up all the time. (C)It exposes him to oily smoke all day long. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Steve think is the hardest part of his job? Choices: (A)It demands physical endurance and patience. (B)It requires him to do washing-up all the time. (C)It exposes him to oily smoke all day long. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What does Steve think is the hardest part of his job? Choices: (A)It demands", "pred": "", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht srot of horus do you wrok, Sevte?\nM: Wlel, I hvae to wrok vrey lnog horus, auobt eelven huors a day.\nW: Waht tmie do you srtat?\nM: I wrok 9 to 3, tehn I sratt aagin at 5:30 and wrok uintl 11, six dyas a week. So I hvae to wrok vrey ucoisanl huors.\nW: And do you hvae to wrok at the wkeened?\nM: Oh, yes, taht's our bsuesit tmie. I get Wsayndedes off.\nW: Waht are the tihgns you hvae to do and the thngis you don't hvae to do?\nM: Uh, I don't hvae to do the whisnag-up, so taht's good. I hvae to waer wthie, and I hvae to keep eievhrtnyg in the kitechn ttlloay cealn.\nW: Waht's hrad aubot the job?\nM: You are snatding up all the tmie. Wehn we are bsuy, polepe get agnry and sarhp, but taht's naorml.\nW: How did you laern the psosfoiern?\nM: Wlel, I did a two-yaer csorue at clgloee. In the frsit yaer we had to laern the bsicas, and tehn we had to tkae emxas.\nW: Was it esay to fnid a job?\nM: I wrtoe to auobt six htoels and one of tehm gvae me my frsit job, so I ddin't hvae to wiat too lnog.\nW: And waht's the serect of bneig good at yuor job?\nM: Aoenitttn to deiatl. You hvae to lvoe it. You hvae to sohw psaiosn for it.\nW: And waht are yuor plnas for the frtuue?\nM: I wnat to hvae my own pclae wehn the tmie is rhgit.\nQuestion: Where did Steve get his first job after graduation?\nChoices: (A)In a hospital. (B)In a hotel. (C)At a laundry.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". Question: What kind of job did Steve get after graduation? Choices: (A)As a doctor. (B)As a hotel manager. (C)As a laundry manager. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Question: What is the job of Steve? Choices: (A)As a doctor. (B)As a hotel manager. (C)As a laundry manager. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is the job of Steve? Choices: (A)As a doctor. (B)As a hotel manager. (C)As a laundry manager. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is the job of Steve? Choices: (A)As a doctor. (B)As a hotel manager. (C)As a laundry manager. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: What is the job of Steve? Choices: (A)As a", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Waht srot of hrous do you wrok, Sevte?\nM: Wlel, I hvae to wrok vrey lnog huros, auobt eelven horus a day.\nW: Waht tmie do you srtat?\nM: I wrok 9 to 3, tehn I srtat agian at 5:30 and wrok uintl 11, six dyas a week. So I hvae to wrok vrey uncsaoil horus.\nW: And do you hvae to wrok at the wekened?\nM: Oh, yes, taht's our beissut tmie. I get Wdeadnsyes off.\nW: Waht are the thngis you hvae to do and the tghins you don't hvae to do?\nM: Uh, I don't hvae to do the wsanihg-up, so taht's good. I hvae to waer wihte, and I hvae to keep eytvhneirg in the ktheicn taollty calen.\nW: Waht's hrad aubot the job?\nM: You are snnidtag up all the tmie. Wehn we are bsuy, ppeloe get arngy and srhap, but taht's naomrl.\nW: How did you laren the psfsooiren?\nM: Wlel, I did a two-yaer cusroe at cellgoe. In the frsit yaer we had to lrean the bscias, and tehn we had to tkae eaxms.\nW: Was it esay to fnid a job?\nM: I wrtoe to aubot six htoels and one of tehm gvae me my frsit job, so I ddin't hvae to wiat too lnog.\nW: And waht's the serect of bineg good at yuor job?\nM: Atitteonn to diatel. You hvae to lvoe it. You hvae to sohw pssoian for it.\nW: And waht are yuor palns for the fuurte?\nM: I wnat to hvae my own pacle wehn the tmie is rgiht.\nQuestion: What does Steve say is important to be good at his job?\nChoices: (A)Getting along well with colleagues. (B)Paying attention to every detail. (C)Planning everything in advance.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. Question: What does Steve say is important to be good at his job? Choices: (A)Getting along well with colleagues. (B)Paying attention to every detail. (C)Planning everything in advance. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Steve say is important to be good at his job? Choices: (A)Getting along well with colleagues. (B)Paying attention to every detail. (C)Planning everything in advance. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Steve say is important to be good at his job? Choices: (A)Getting along well with colleagues. (B)Paying attention to every detail. (C)Planning everything in advance. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is D. Question: What does Steve say is important to be good at his job? Choices: (A)Getting along well with colleagues. (B)Paying attention to every detail. (C)Planning everything in advance. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer", "pred": "", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Sasun, hvae you raed the nitoce on the bteuliln broad? I've won the siacrslohhp for the nxet sesmteer.\nW: I konw you wluod. You catelrniy dsevere it.\nQuestion: What does the woman mean?\nChoices: (A)She has confidence in him. (B)She has also won a scholarship. (C)She is surprised at the news.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman categorically denies the news. The woman categorically denies the news. Question: What does the woman mean? Choices: (A)She has confidence in him. (B)She has also won a scholarship. (C)She is surprised at the news. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman categorically denies the news. The woman categorically denies the news. Question: What does the woman mean? Choices: (A)She has confidence in him. (B)She has also won a scholarship. (C)She is surprised at the news. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman categorically denies the news. The woman categorically denies the news. Question: What does the woman mean? Choices: (A)She has confidence in him. (B)She has also won a scholarship. (C)She is surprised at the news. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. The woman categorically denies the news. The woman", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: How far is it form our scoohl to the prak?\nM: It's aubot 250 metres.\nQuestion: Which distance did they talk about?\nChoices: (A)From school to hospital. (B)From school to the park. (C)From home to the park.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Dialogue: W: How far is it from our school to the park? M: It's about 250 metres. Question: Which distance did they talk about? Choices: (A)From school to hospital. (B)From school to the park. (C)From home to the park. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue: W: How far is it from our school to the park? M: It's about 250 metres. Question: Which distance did they talk about? Choices: (A)From school to hospital. (B)From school to the park. (C)From home to the park. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue: W: How far is it form our scoohl to the prak? M: It's aubot 250 metres. Question: Which distance did they talk about? Choices: (A)From school to hospital. (B)From school to the park. (C)From home to the park. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is B. Dialogue: W: How", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Let's go sphpnoig thgonit. Tehy're hvinag a big slae in the soippnhg mlal, so it'll be oepn utinl mihndigt.\nW: I don't tihnk I can mkae it. I hvae to parerpe for my eaxm tmoroorw.\nQuestion: Why won't the woman go shopping?\nChoices: (A)She doesn't need to buy anything. (B)She needs to prepare for a exam. (C)She doesn't like the mall.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman said she needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can make it. She needs to prepare for a exam tomorrow. The woman said she doesn't think she can", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Fierd cikechn is our fmouas dsih. Wulod lkie to tstae it?\nW: Wlel, I need aethnor mnitue.\nM: OK, Mdaam. Tkae yuor tmie.\nQuestion: Where does the conversation take place?\nChoices: (A)At home. (B)In the restaurant. (C)At the station.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Question: What is the conversation about? Choices: (A)The weather. (B)The traffic. (C)The train. (D)The restaurant. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: What is the conversation about? Choices: (A)The weather. (B)The traffic. (C)The train. (D)The restaurant. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through D, the answer is D. Question: Where does the conversation take place? Choices: (A)At home. (B)In the restaurant. (C)At the station. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: Where does the conversation take place? Choices: (A)At home. (B)In the restaurant. (C)At the station. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is C. Question: Where does the conversation take place? Choices: (A)At home. (B)In the restaurant. (C)At the station. Answer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Setevn, I filnaly diedce to go on a deit.\nM: Good for you, but don't psuh yuorslef too hrad, Lcuy.\nW: You are rghit, but semumr is cmonig, and I do wsih to look samrt soneor.\nM: You are srmat arlaedy. You see, you are cevler and qicuk-menidd.\nQuestion: What is the woman concerned about?\nChoices: (A)Her health. (B)Her character. (C)Her appearance.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about her appearance. The woman is concerned about", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: I ran itno our fnried Mrak yreatdesy on the sreett, and he siad he hdan't hread form you in two mhtons.\nW: Yes, I konw. But I've been too bsuy to pohne him.\nQuestion: What can be inferred from the conversation?\nChoices: (A)The man saw Mark on the street two months ago. (B)The woman had forgotten Mark's phone number. (C)Mark and the woman had not been in touch for some time.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "D. The woman has been too busy to phone Mark. The dialogue is about the man's run-in with Mark on the street. The dialogue is about the woman's forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about the woman being too busy to phone Mark. The dialogue is about Mark and the woman not having been in touch for some time. The dialogue is about the man seeing Mark on the street two months ago. The dialogue is about the woman forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about Mark and the woman not having been in touch for some time. The dialogue is about the man forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number. The dialogue is about forgetting Mark's phone number.", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: We'd lkie two romos, a salml room and a lrage room btoh fncaig the greadn.\nW: Vrey good, sir. The salml room is tntwey dlraols a nhigt, and the lagre room is tthiry drollas a ngiht.\nQuestion: How much would the man pay for the rooms if he and his family stay for three nights?\nChoices: (A)$36. (B)$40. (C)$150.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The man and his family would pay $136 for the rooms if they stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would pay $136 for the rooms if they stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his family would stay for three nights. The man and his", "pred": "B", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Is it pssbolie for you to wrok ltae, Msis?\nW: Wrok ltae? I wlil do so if it's rllaey nscsaeery.\nQuestion: Where does this conversation most probably take place?\nChoices: (A)At the office. (B)At the airport. (C)In the waiting room.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The dialogue is most likely to take place at the office. The", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nF: Jhon, was it rniinag wehn you wnet hmoe ysredeaty aoefotnrn?\nM: No, it ddin't rian uintl I arvreid hmoe.\nQuestion: When did it begin to rain?\nChoices: (A)At about 6:00. (B)Before John got home. (C)After John reached home.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": ". The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue shows that it didn't rain before John got home. The dialogue", "pred": "", "GT": "C"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nW: Tnoy was aadwred a madel for recsuing seerval fmilaeis form the fosert frie.\nM: I rllaey amride his caugroe.\nQuestion: What do we learn about Tony from the conversation?\nChoices: (A)He was pleased to get the medal. (B)He was very courageous. (C)He used to be a firefighter.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. Tony was awarded a medal for rescuing several people from the firefighter. Tony was a firefighter. Tony was very courageous. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the medal. Tony was pleased to get the", "pred": "B", "GT": "B"}
{"input": "Dialogue:\nM: Mrinog Mrs. Smtih. Waht's the metatr wtih you?\nW: Minrog, Dotcor. I've got a feevr and a tirelrbe cugoh.\nM: Ahhh.... You've got a bad clod. And you need a good rset in bed.\nQuestion: What's wrong with the woman?\nChoices: (A)She has a cold. (B)She has a stomachache. (C)She has a toothache.\nAnswer: Based on the dialogue, among A through C, the answer is", "output": "B. The woman has a stomachache. The dialogue is a bit confusing. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a stomachache. The woman has a", "pred": "B", "GT": "A"}
