{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A Greerb byab frlauom wsa dtsuidiebtr to sosetr dstpeei a rcllae oevr psolsebi camtooiantnin, agndiccro to teh FAD. Teh cmpnyoa is enignocrgua prestna to cekhc ayn pducrost thye heav at hmeo adn dacsdir theos taht mya be atefcfde.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A Greerb byab frlauom wsa dtsuidiebtr to sosetr dstpeei a rcllae oevr psolsebi camtooiantnin, agndiccro to teh FAD. Teh cmpnyoa is enignocrgua prestna to cekhc ayn pducrost thye heav at hmeo adn dacsdir theos taht mya be atefcfde.", "scrambled": "A Greerb byab frlauom wsa dtsuidiebtr to sosetr dstpeei a rcllae oevr psolsebi camtooiantnin, agndiccro to teh FAD. Teh cmpnyoa is enignocrgua prestna to cekhc ayn pducrost thye heav at hmeo adn dacsdir theos taht mya be atefcfde.", "original": "A Gerber baby formula was distributed to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard those that may be affected.", "recovered": "A Greerb byab frlauom wsa dtsuidiebtr to sosetr dstpeei a rcllae oevr psolsebi camtooiantnin, agndiccro to teh FAD. Teh cmpnyoa is enignocrgua prestna to cekhc ayn pducrost thye heav at hmeo adn dacsdir theos taht mya be atefcfde."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A cildh in Minae hsa testde povsitie fro mseasle, sttae hleaht ocfasifil sdai. Welhi teh vrisu wsa dcldraee edtaniemil mreo tnah tow dsaedce aog, hthlae oislaicff sya vianointcca retas in teh US heav depdorp in rtceen yarse, skprgian nwe oktuesbar.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A cildh in Minae hsa testde povsitie fro mseasle, sttae hleaht ocfasifil sdai. Welhi teh vrisu wsa dcldraee edtaniemil mreo tnah tow dsaedce aog, hthlae oislaicff sya vianointcca retas in teh US heav depdorp in rtceen yarse, skprgian nwe oktuesbar.", "scrambled": "A cildh in Minae hsa testde povsitie fro mseasle, sttae hleaht ocfasifil sdai. Welhi teh vrisu wsa dcldraee edtaniemil mreo tnah tow dsaedce aog, hthlae oislaicff sya vianointcca retas in teh US heav depdorp in rtceen yarse, skprgian nwe oktuesbar.", "original": "A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "recovered": "A cildh in Minae hsa testde povsitie fro mseasle, sttae hleaht ocfasifil sdai. Welhi teh vrisu wsa dcldraee edtaniemil mreo tnah tow dsaedce aog, hthlae oislaicff sya vianointcca retas in teh US heav depdorp in rtceen yarse, skprgian nwe oktuesbar."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A chctleooa spetlruuc wgineghi mreo tnah 50 pdnsou wsa uldeiven by a ceecfiyronont bandr to mrka Kgin Cashrel III\u2019s cooinranto on Mya 6 in Lodnno\u2019s Wmsetisernt Aybbe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A chctleooa spetlruuc wgineghi mreo tnah 50 pdnsou wsa uldeiven by a ceecfiyronont bandr to mrka Kgin Cashrel III\u2019s cooinranto on Mya 6 in Lodnno\u2019s Wmsetisernt Aybbe.", "scrambled": "A chctleooa spetlruuc wgineghi mreo tnah 50 pdnsou wsa uldeiven by a ceecfiyronont bandr to mrka Kgin Cashrel III\u2019s cooinranto on Mya 6 in Lodnno\u2019s Wmsetisernt Aybbe.", "original": "A chocolate sculpture weighing more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand to mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "recovered": "A chctleooa spetlruuc wgineghi mreo tnah 50 pdnsou wsa uldeiven by a ceecfiyronont bandr to mrka Kgin Cashrel III\u2019s cooinranto on Mya 6 in Lodnno\u2019s Wmsetisernt Aybbe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A cnaer cslpoadel Wseddaney in Nwe Yrko Cyti wlhei teh orrapeto wsa lfntiig auotb 16 tnso of certeonc, oaiiclffs sdai. Dacrmita voedi sweodh fsmela adn seokm rngisi fomr teh cnrae brfeeo ist bmoo fell, hinigtt a budiignl arscos teh srttee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A cnaer cslpoadel Wseddaney in Nwe Yrko Cyti wlhei teh orrapeto wsa lfntiig auotb 16 tnso of certeonc, oaiiclffs sdai. Dacrmita voedi sweodh fsmela adn seokm rngisi fomr teh cnrae brfeeo ist bmoo fell, hinigtt a budiignl arscos teh srttee.", "scrambled": "A cnaer cslpoadel Wseddaney in Nwe Yrko Cyti wlhei teh orrapeto wsa lfntiig auotb 16 tnso of certeonc, oaiiclffs sdai. Dacrmita voedi sweodh fsmela adn seokm rngisi fomr teh cnrae brfeeo ist bmoo fell, hinigtt a budiignl arscos teh srttee.", "original": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York City while the operator was lifting about 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames and smoke rising from the crane before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.", "recovered": "A cnaer cslpoadel Wseddaney in Nwe Yrko Cyti wlhei teh orrapeto wsa lfntiig auotb 16 tnso of certeonc, oaiiclffs sdai. Dacrmita voedi sweodh fsmela adn seokm rngisi fomr teh cnrae brfeeo ist bmoo fell, hinigtt a budiignl arscos teh srttee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A dyedal tirna chras in Idani hsa rednewe casll fro aosteuiihtr to cntnrfoo seytaf issseu in a ryliawa smeyts taht trtsrnopas mroe tanh 13 milonli psasnreges eyevr dya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A dyedal tirna chras in Idani hsa rednewe casll fro aosteuiihtr to cntnrfoo seytaf issseu in a ryliawa smeyts taht trtsrnopas mroe tanh 13 milonli psasnreges eyevr dya.", "scrambled": "A dyedal tirna chras in Idani hsa rednewe casll fro aosteuiihtr to cntnrfoo seytaf issseu in a ryliawa smeyts taht trtsrnopas mroe tanh 13 milonli psasnreges eyevr dya.", "original": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to confront safety issues in a railway system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.", "recovered": "A dyedal tirna chras in Idani hsa rednewe casll fro aosteuiihtr to cntnrfoo seytaf issseu in a ryliawa smeyts taht trtsrnopas mroe tanh 13 milonli psasnreges eyevr dya."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A gatin, sytnik seawdee blbo is hadede to Frdaoil. It\u2019s epdexetc to beemco penvtreal on bheasce in Jlyu, pleotltnaiy tnaiterehgn to ptu a dpmear on teh smrmue ttosuri soeans.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A gatin, sytnik seawdee blbo is hadede to Frdaoil. It\u2019s epdexetc to beemco penvtreal on bheasce in Jlyu, pleotltnaiy tnaiterehgn to ptu a dpmear on teh smrmue ttosuri soeans.", "scrambled": "A gatin, sytnik seawdee blbo is hadede to Frdaoil. It\u2019s epdexetc to beemco penvtreal on bheasce in Jlyu, pleotltnaiy tnaiterehgn to ptu a dpmear on teh smrmue ttosuri soeans.", "original": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is headed to Florida. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, potentially threatening to put a damper on the summer tourist season.", "recovered": "A gatin, sytnik seawdee blbo is hadede to Frdaoil. It\u2019s epdexetc to beemco penvtreal on bheasce in Jlyu, pleotltnaiy tnaiterehgn to ptu a dpmear on teh smrmue ttosuri soeans."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A galbol sdtyu by rhrcsseerea at Ooxfdr Uvtrnsyiie\u2019s Rreeust Ieutsnitt funod tath wwerldido, 48% of ppoele wree vyer or etremyxel isteetednr in teh nwes \u2013 dnwo fmor 63% in 2017. Teh pnriotroop wsa eevn lweor in teh UK, as adsnuceei \u201cctu bkac on derigspesn nwse\u201d to pecttor tehri mateln hehalt, sadi teh sdtyu asouhtr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A galbol sdtyu by rhrcsseerea at Ooxfdr Uvtrnsyiie\u2019s Rreeust Ieutsnitt funod tath wwerldido, 48% of ppoele wree vyer or etremyxel isteetednr in teh nwes \u2013 dnwo fmor 63% in 2017. Teh pnriotroop wsa eevn lweor in teh UK, as adsnuceei \u201cctu bkac on derigspesn nwse\u201d to pecttor tehri mateln hehalt, sadi teh sdtyu asouhtr.", "scrambled": "A galbol sdtyu by rhrcsseerea at Ooxfdr Uvtrnsyiie\u2019s Rreeust Ieutsnitt funod tath wwerldido, 48% of ppoele wree vyer or etremyxel isteetednr in teh nwes \u2013 dnwo fmor 63% in 2017. Teh pnriotroop wsa eevn lweor in teh UK, as adsnuceei \u201cctu bkac on derigspesn nwse\u201d to pecttor tehri mateln hehalt, sadi teh sdtyu asouhtr.", "original": "A global study by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.", "recovered": "A galbol sdtyu by rhrcsseerea at Ooxfdr Uvtrnsyiie\u2019s Rreeust Ieutsnitt funod tath wwerldido, 48% of ppoele wree vyer or etremyxel isteetednr in teh nwes \u2013 dnwo fmor 63% in 2017. Teh pnriotroop wsa eevn lweor in teh UK, as adsnuceei \u201cctu bkac on derigspesn nwse\u201d to pecttor tehri mateln hehalt, sadi teh sdtyu asouhtr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A hihg of 38.8C wsa rrddceeo in teh Adananlusi cyit on Tdyhsrau, as hto ari seignpwe iont Sipna frmo Norht Aafirc tshi weke rstlues in teersrapmetu up to 15C wrmare tanh excteedp fro Aiplr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A hihg of 38.8C wsa rrddceeo in teh Adananlusi cyit on Tdyhsrau, as hto ari seignpwe iont Sipna frmo Norht Aafirc tshi weke rstlues in teersrapmetu up to 15C wrmare tanh excteedp fro Aiplr.", "scrambled": "A hihg of 38.8C wsa rrddceeo in teh Adananlusi cyit on Tdyhsrau, as hto ari seignpwe iont Sipna frmo Norht Aafirc tshi weke rstlues in teersrapmetu up to 15C wrmare tanh excteedp fro Aiplr.", "original": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Andalusian city on Thursday, as hot air sweeping into Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April.", "recovered": "A hihg of 38.8C wsa rrddceeo in teh Adananlusi cyit on Tdyhsrau, as hto ari seignpwe iont Sipna frmo Norht Aafirc tshi weke rstlues in teersrapmetu up to 15C wrmare tanh excteedp fro Aiplr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A kielrl pxo hsa kldiel up to 80% of rde srsuielrq in oen wtinre at teh fwe stesi teyh aer sillt fudno in Wasle. Nreyla 11,000 ppolee hvea siegdn a piiotnte cllngia fro teh Wlseh gmorevnnte to fnud vccinae raseecrh in odrre to proctet Wlsae\u2019 slmla pltuonoiap of rde suqlriser \u2013 teehr aer oynl abtou 1,000 lfte in Ntorh Wsael. Isvnviea, nno-neavti gery siqreusrl crrya squrrlie pxo vuris, btu aer nto acfedfet by it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A kielrl pxo hsa kldiel up to 80% of rde srsuielrq in oen wtinre at teh fwe stesi teyh aer sillt fudno in Wasle. Nreyla 11,000 ppolee hvea siegdn a piiotnte cllngia fro teh Wlseh gmorevnte to fnud vccinae raseecrh in odrre to proctet Wlsae\u2019 slmla pltuonoiap of rde suqlriser \u2013 teehr aer oynl abtou 1,000 lfte in Ntorh Wsael. Isvnviea, nno-neavti gery siqreusrl crrya squrrlie pxo", "scrambled": "A kielrl pxo hsa kldiel up to 80% of rde srsuielrq in oen wtinre at teh fwe stesi teyh aer sillt fudno in Wasle. Nreyla 11,000 ppolee hvea siegdn a piiotnte cllngia fro teh Wlseh gmorevnnte to fnud vccinae raseecrh in odrre to proctet Wlsae\u2019 slmla pltuonoiap of rde suqlriser \u2013 teehr aer oynl abtou 1,000 lfte in Ntorh Wsael. Isvnviea, nno-neavti gery siqreusrl crrya squrrlie pxo vuris, btu aer nto acfedfet by it.", "original": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to protect Wales\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. Invasive, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it.", "recovered": "A kielrl pxo hsa kldiel up to 80% of rde srsuielrq in oen wtinre at teh fwe stesi teyh aer sillt fudno in Wasle. Nreyla 11,000 ppolee hvea siegdn a piiotnte cllngia fro teh Wlseh gmorevnte to fnud vccinae raseecrh in odrre to proctet Wlsae\u2019 slmla pltuonoiap of rde suqlriser \u2013 teehr aer oynl abtou 1,000 lfte in Ntorh Wsael. Isvnviea, nno-neavti gery siqreusrl crrya squrrlie pxo"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A miesvsa blwo-sadphe teerhat in Lsa Vaseg taht rlpetoryed cioansnt teh wlrdo\u2019s hethsig-ruotiolnse wnaoudrrap LDE sceren wsa fyull ietlmidualn on Taudesy. See ist drmtcaai dbute heer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A miesvsa blwo-sadphe teerhat in Lsa Vaseg taht rlpetoryed cioansnt teh wlrdo\u2019s hethsig-ruotiolnse wnaoudrrap LDE sceren wsa fyull ietlmidualn on Taudesy. See ist drmtcaai dbute heer.", "scrambled": "A miesvsa blwo-sadphe teerhat in Lsa Vaseg taht rlpetoryed cioansnt teh wlrdo\u2019s hethsig-ruotiolnse wnaoudrrap LDE sceren wsa fyull ietlmidualn on Taudesy. See ist drmtcaai dbute heer.", "original": "A massive bowl-shaped theater in Las Vegas that reportedly contains the world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound LED screen was fully illuminated on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "recovered": "A miesvsa blwo-sadphe teerhat in Lsa Vaseg taht rlpetoryed cioansnt teh wlrdo\u2019s hethsig-ruotiolnse wnaoudrrap LDE sceren wsa fyull ietlmidualn on Taudesy. See ist drmtcaai dbute heer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A nwe talrier fro teh levi-aontic rakeem of 1989\u2019s aidnaemt \u201cTeh Lttlei Mrmdiae\u201d dbedeut drgniu teh Oscrsa cemrnyeo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A nwe talrier fro teh levi-aontic rakeem of 1989\u2019s aidnaemt \u201cTeh Lttlei Mrmdiae\u201d dbedeut drgniu teh Oscrsa cemrnyeo.", "scrambled": "A nwe talrier fro teh levi-aontic rakeem of 1989\u2019s aidnaemt \u201cTeh Lttlei Mrmdiae\u201d dbedeut drgniu teh Oscrsa cemrnyeo.", "original": "A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony.", "recovered": "A nwe talrier fro teh levi-aontic rakeem of 1989\u2019s aidnaemt \u201cTeh Lttlei Mrmdiae\u201d dbedeut drgniu teh Oscrsa cemrnyeo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A rwo brkeo otu arfet teh bclo rrrfdeee to teh Fakdnlal Isndsla by teh Anrgtenie nmae, \u201cIssal Mvinslaa\u201d, in a c\u00e9oiqmuunm sdeign in Brseussl by 60 EU adn Liatn Amareinc nitnosa. Rshii Snkua cctsdeirii teh \u201crtlaregbtee cehcio of wrsod\u201d, wihhc alnptrpaye edosenrd Ataeinngr\u2019s cliam to teh aarielcgpho, a Briiths osvseear tyrritoer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A rwo brkeo otu arfet teh bclo rrrfdeee to teh Fakdnlal Isndsla by teh Anrgtenie nmae, \u201cIssal Mvinslaa\u201d, in a c\u00e9oiqmuunm sdeign in Brseussl by 60 EU adn Liatn Amareinc nitnosa. Rshii Snkua cctsdeirii teh \u201crtlaregbtee cehcio of wrsod\u201d, wihhc alnptrpaye edosenrd Ataeinngr\u2019s cliam to teh aarielcgpho, a Briiths osvseear tyrritoer.", "scrambled": "A rwo brkeo otu arfet teh bclo rrrfdeee to teh Fakdnlal Isndsla by teh Anrgtenie nmae, \u201cIssal Mvinslaa\u201d, in a c\u00e9oiqmuunm sdeign in Brseussl by 60 EU adn Liatn Amareinc nitnosa. Rshii Snkua cctsdeirii teh \u201crtlaregbtee cehcio of wrsod\u201d, wihhc alnptrpaye edosenrd Ataeinngr\u2019s cliam to teh aarielcgpho, a Briiths osvseear tyrritoer.", "original": "A row broke out after the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands by the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American nations. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory.", "recovered": "A rwo brkeo otu arfet teh bclo rrrfdeee to teh Fakdnlal Isndsla by teh Anrgtenie nmae, \u201cIssal Mvinslaa\u201d, in a c\u00e9oiqmuunm sdeign in Brseussl by 60 EU adn Liatn Amareinc nitnosa. Rshii Snkua cctsdeirii teh \u201crtlaregbtee cehcio of wrsod\u201d, wihhc alnptrpaye edosenrd Ataeinngr\u2019s cliam to teh aarielcgpho, a Briiths osvseear tyrritoer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A soerc is elqua to 20 yesra, so Lioncln wsa regnierfr to 87 ysear aog \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wneh teh Dlratcneoai of Iedencdenenp wsa addopet in hsi asdrsde.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A soerc is elqua to 20 yesra, so Lioncln wsa regnierfr to 87 ysear aog \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wneh teh Dlratcneoai of Iedencdenenp wsa addopet in hsi asdrsde.", "scrambled": "A soerc is elqua to 20 yesra, so Lioncln wsa regnierfr to 87 ysear aog \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wneh teh Dlratcneoai of Iedencdenenp wsa addopet in hsi asdrsde.", "original": "A score is equal to 20 years, so Lincoln was referring to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address.", "recovered": "A soerc is elqua to 20 yesra, so Lioncln wsa regnierfr to 87 ysear aog \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wneh teh Dlratcneoai of Iedencdenenp wsa addopet in hsi asdrsde."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sae ortte kpees pncnigih ssferru\u2019 bdoras in Ciflairoan, accniogrd to Teh Tlperegha. Teh feiv-yaer-odl aianml, knonw as Oertt 841, hsa bene jpugimn oont barsod adn nnidgug tireh osrenw otu of teh wya, so seh cna hvea a bksa. Fro mreo odd adn ucpexeednt nwes, snig up to teh Tall Teals nstwtelree.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A sae ortte kpees pncnigih ssferru\u2019 bdoras in Ciflairoan, accniogrd to Teh Tlperegha. Teh feiv-yaer-odl aianml, knonw as Oertt 841, hsa bene jpugimn oont barsod adn nnidgug tireh osrenw otu of teh wya, so seh cna hvea a bksa. Fro mreo odd adn ucpexeednt nwes, snig up to teh Tall Teals nstwtelree.", "scrambled": "A sae ortte kpees pncnigih ssferru\u2019 bdoras in Ciflairoan, accniogrd to Teh Tlperegha. Teh feiv-yaer-odl aianml, knonw as Oertt 841, hsa bene jpugimn oont barsod adn nnidgug tireh osrenw otu of teh wya, so seh cna hvea a bksa. Fro mreo odd adn ucpexeednt nwes, snig up to teh Tall Teals nstwtelree.", "original": "A sea otter keeps pinching surfers\u2019 boards in California, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and nudging their owners out of the way, so she can have a bask. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "A sae ortte kpees pncnigih ssferru\u2019 bdoras in Ciflairoan, accniogrd to Teh Tlperegha. Teh feiv-yaer-odl aianml, knonw as Oertt 841, hsa bene jpugimn oont barsod adn nnidgug tireh osrenw otu of teh wya, so seh cna hvea a bksa. Fro mreo odd adn ucpexeednt nwes, snig up to teh Tall Teals nstwtelree."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A srenugot sprmneouo ctrdaee a mieicnftagn stihg ascsro teh wlord tihs weke. Thsi lusoiunm sectpecla oucsrc wnhe teh mono nsare ist ctessol pnoit to Etrha wileh aaprpneig flul.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A srenugot sprmneouo ctrdaee a mieicnftagn stihg ascsro teh wlord tihs weke. Thsi lusoiunm sectpecla oucsrc wnhe teh mono nsare ist ctessol pnoit to Etrha wileh aaprpneig flul.", "scrambled": "A srenugot sprmneouo ctrdaee a mieicnftagn stihg ascsro teh wlord tihs weke. Thsi lusoiunm sectpecla oucsrc wnhe teh mono nsare ist ctessol pnoit to Etrha wileh aaprpneig flul.", "original": "A sturgeon supermoon created a magnificent sight across the world this week. This luminous spectacle occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.", "recovered": "A srenugot sprmneouo ctrdaee a mieicnftagn stihg ascsro teh wlord tihs weke. Thsi lusoiunm sectpecla oucsrc wnhe teh mono nsare ist ctessol pnoit to Etrha wileh aaprpneig flul."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sreug is exedcpte wehn Teilt 42 \u2014 teh Tupmr-ear piyolc taht awdlelo aitierouhts to qlyiukc trun aawy ctraine msangrti at teh boerrd drgnui teh pnicedma \u2014 ceoms to an edn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A sreug is exedcpte wehn Teilt 42 \u2014 teh Tupmr-ear piyolc taht awdlelo aitierouhts to qlyiukc trun aawy ctraine msangrti at teh boerrd drgnui teh pnicedma \u2014 ceoms to an edn.", "scrambled": "A sreug is exedcpte wehn Teilt 42 \u2014 teh Tupmr-ear piyolc taht awdlelo aitierouhts to qlyiukc trun aawy ctraine msangrti at teh boerrd drgnui teh pnicedma \u2014 ceoms to an edn.", "original": "A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end.", "recovered": "A sreug is exedcpte wehn Teilt 42 \u2014 teh Tupmr-ear piyolc taht awdlelo aitierouhts to qlyiukc trun aawy ctraine msangrti at teh boerrd drgnui teh pnicedma \u2014 ceoms to an edn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A trelddo idlietnarft Wetih Huseo gnrosdu, stntige off suectiry areslt. Teh yugno byo wsa chatgu by ocrefsif breeof bineg qyluick redutein wiht hsi pnastre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A trelddo idlietnarft Wetih Huseo gnrosdu, stntige off suectiry areslt. Teh yugno byo wsa chatgu by ocrefsif breeof bineg qyluick redutein wiht hsi pnastre.", "scrambled": "A trelddo idlietnarft Wetih Huseo gnrosdu, stntige off suectiry areslt. Teh yugno byo wsa chatgu by ocrefsif breeof bineg qyluick redutein wiht hsi pnastre.", "original": "A toddler infiltrated White House grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.", "recovered": "A trelddo idlietnarft Wetih Huseo gnrosdu, stntige off suectiry areslt. Teh yugno byo wsa chatgu by ocrefsif breeof bineg qyluick redutein wiht hsi pnastre."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A tow-yare iiantegtnosiv by teh Inedentpden Csionmiosm fro Etiuyq in Cckrtie funod ttha rimsac wsa \u201ceecrntnedh\u201d in teh \u201celittis adn eyrnxiacsoul\u201d sortp, wlhei wnmoe wree \u201cfnlqurtyee dndeemae, sdeeeorpytt adn tdaetre as snecdo-csasl\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A tow-yare iiantegtnosiv by teh Inedentpden Csionmiosm fro Etiuyq in Cckrtie funod ttha rimsac wsa \u201ceecrntnedh\u201d in teh \u201celittis adn eyrnxiacsoul\u201d sortp, wlhei wnmoe wree \u201cfnlqurtyee dndeemae, sdeeeorpytt adn tdaetre as snecdo-csasl\u201d.", "scrambled": "A tow-yare iiantegtnosiv by teh Inedentpden Csionmiosm fro Etiuyq in Cckrtie funod ttha rimsac wsa \u201ceecrntnedh\u201d in teh \u201celittis adn eyrnxiacsoul\u201d sortp, wlhei wnmoe wree \u201cfnlqurtyee dndeemae, sdeeeorpytt adn tdaetre as snecdo-csasl\u201d.", "original": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket found that racism was \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.", "recovered": "A tow-yare iiantegtnosiv by teh Inedentpden Csionmiosm fro Etiuyq in Cckrtie funod ttha rimsac wsa \u201ceecrntnedh\u201d in teh \u201celittis adn eyrnxiacsoul\u201d sortp, wlhei wnmoe wree \u201cfnlqurtyee dndeemae, sdeeeorpytt adn tdaetre as snecdo-csasl\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A uonin rpgertnseine sohloc werroks in Lso Aelnsge \u2013 teh nionta\u2019s sdoecn-lategsr ditcsirt \u2013 wnte on setrik, suigttnh dwno sclsooh fro sarleev dysa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "A uonin rpgertnseine sohloc werroks in Lso Aelnsge \u2013 teh nionta\u2019s sdoecn-lategsr ditcsirt \u2013 wnte on setrik, suigttnh dwno sclsooh fro sarleev dysa.", "scrambled": "A uonin rpgertnseine sohloc werroks in Lso Aelnsge \u2013 teh nionta\u2019s sdoecn-lategsr ditcsirt \u2013 wnte on setrik, suigttnh dwno sclsooh fro sarleev dysa.", "original": "A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for several days.", "recovered": "A uonin rpgertnseine sohloc werroks in Lso Aelnsge \u2013 teh nionta\u2019s sdoecn-lategsr ditcsirt \u2013 wnte on setrik, suigttnh dwno sclsooh fro sarleev dysa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Abtbto sqlutesnbeyu isedus an ayloogp, cmanigil tath an eyarl dtafr of hre lreett hda been mensykitla pidhbseul. Seh hsa bene sdundeeps form teh Lraoub Ptayr pdingne an iiasttenovngi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Abtbto sqlutesnbeyu isedus an ayloogp, cmanigil tath an eyarl dtafr of hre lreett hda been mensykitla pidhbseul. Seh hsa bene sdundeeps form teh Lraoub Ptayr pdingne an iiasttenovngi.", "scrambled": "Abtbto sqlutesnbeyu isedus an ayloogp, cmanigil tath an eyarl dtafr of hre lreett hda been mensykitla pidhbseul. Seh hsa bene sdundeeps form teh Lraoub Ptayr pdingne an iiasttenovngi.", "original": "Abbott subsequently issued an apology, claiming that an early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "recovered": "Abtbto sqlutesnbeyu isedus an ayloogp, cmanigil tath an eyarl dtafr of hre lreett hda been mensykitla pidhbseul. Seh hsa bene sdundeeps form teh Lraoub Ptayr pdingne an iiasttenovngi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aoutb 100,000 rdrtgeeesi nuress in teh US ltef teh warolcekp deu to teh srtsssee of teh Cvdio-19 pnmedcia, adnicgorc to teh rulesst of a sevyru plhdubsie Trauyhsd by teh Nilanato Ccinolu of Staet Bsdaor of Nsuinrg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aoutb 100,000 rdrtgeeesi nuress in teh US ltef teh warolcekp deu to teh srtsssee of teh Cvdio-19 pnmedcia, adnicgorc to teh rulesst of a sevyru plhdubsie Trauyhsd by teh Nilanato Ccinolu of Staet Bsdaor of Nsuinrg.", "scrambled": "Aoutb 100,000 rdrtgeeesi nuress in teh US ltef teh warolcekp deu to teh srtsssee of teh Cvdio-19 pnmedcia, adnicgorc to teh rulesst of a sevyru plhdubsie Trauyhsd by teh Nilanato Ccinolu of Staet Bsdaor of Nsuinrg.", "original": "About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "recovered": "Aoutb 100,000 rdrtgeeesi nuress in teh US ltef teh warolcekp deu to teh srtsssee of teh Cvdio-19 pnmedcia, adnicgorc to teh rulesst of a sevyru plhdubsie Trauyhsd by teh Nilanato Ccinolu of Staet Bsdaor of Nsuinrg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aigrnccdo to Teh Mrirro, estperx at teh UK\u2019s frsti lgon Cdoiv cnclii, at Utivsenryi Clegeol Hpoilsat Lndono, esitamet taht hrdnused of tasuhdnso of psienatt aer in nede of slsitpecia crea fro aitnmsel rgngnia fmor sveree feuaitg to bainr fgo. Btu \u201cso fra oynl 100,000 hvea bene oefdefr tmaternte\u201d, teh pearp rrotedpe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aigrnccdo to Teh Mrirro, estperx at teh UK\u2019s frsti lgon Cdoiv cnclii, at Utivsenryi Clegeol Hpoilsat Lndono, esitamet taht hrdnused of tasuhdnso of psienatt aer in nede of slsitpecia crea fro aitnmsel rgngnia fmor sveree feuaitg to bainr fgo. Btu \u201cso fra oynl 100,000 hvea bene oefdefr tmaternte\u201d, teh pearp rrotedpe.", "scrambled": "Aigrnccdo to Teh Mrirro, estperx at teh UK\u2019s frsti lgon Cdoiv cnclii, at Utivsenryi Clegeol Hpoilsat Lndono, esitamet taht hrdnused of tasuhdnso of psienatt aer in nede of slsitpecia crea fro aitnmsel rgngnia fmor sveree feuaitg to bainr fgo. Btu \u201cso fra oynl 100,000 hvea bene oefdefr tmaternte\u201d, teh pearp rrotedpe.", "original": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Covid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for ailments ranging from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.", "recovered": "Aigrnccdo to Teh Mrirro, estperx at teh UK\u2019s frsti lgon Cdoiv cnclii, at Utivsenryi Clegeol Hpoilsat Lndono, esitamet taht hrdnused of tasuhdnso of psienatt aer in nede of slsitpecia crea fro aitnmsel rgngnia fmor sveree feuaitg to bainr fgo. Btu \u201cso fra oynl 100,000 hvea bene oefdefr tmaternte\u201d, teh pearp rrotedpe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Adrgncoic to a nwe rtoper bdsea on data fomr teh Unysviteri of Mnylrdaa, teh lsso of teh woldr\u2019s taprocil fesrtso idcenesra by 10% yaer-on-yare in 2022, whit Bailzr antccouing fro 43% of teh glaolb tlato. Eexptsr wdaern ltsa yare tath teh Anzamo wsa aopncpiahrg a \u201ctpniipg ponti\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Adrgncoic to a nwe rtoper bdsea on data fomr teh Unysviteri of Mnylrdaa, teh lsso of teh woldr\u2019s taprocil fesrtso idcenesra by 10% yaer-on-yare in 2022, whit Bailzr antccouing fro 43% of teh glaolb tlato. Eexptsr wdaern ltsa yare tath teh Anzamo wsa aopncpiahrg a \u201ctpniipg ponti\u201d.", "scrambled": "Adrgncoic to a nwe rtoper bdsea on data fomr teh Unysviteri of Mnylrdaa, teh lsso of teh woldr\u2019s taprocil fesrtso idcenesra by 10% yaer-on-yare in 2022, whit Bailzr antccouing fro 43% of teh glaolb tlato. Eexptsr wdaern ltsa yare tath teh Anzamo wsa aopncpiahrg a \u201ctpniipg ponti\u201d.", "original": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "recovered": "Adrgncoic to a nwe rtoper bdsea on data fomr teh Unysviteri of Mnylrdaa, teh lsso of teh woldr\u2019s taprocil fesrtso idcenesra by 10% yaer-on-yare in 2022, whit Bailzr antccouing fro 43% of teh glaolb tlato. Eexptsr wdaern ltsa yare tath teh Anzamo wsa aopncpiahrg a \u201ctpniipg ponti\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aognrcdic to a nwe sdtyu by teh US Gileogaloc Srvyeu (UGSS), Nwe Yrko is snginik by 1-2mm pre yrea, in ptra oignw to teh eourmons wthgei of teh cyit\u2019s buldgiins, whhic ttoal an eaemtstdi 771 miiolln tnsnoe. Teh rsceraesher alos bdmael oerht poenhaenm inuginlcd gtadneorurw wihtarwlad adn sthignfi tctceoin paetls.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aognrcdic to a nwe sdtyu by teh US Gileogaloc Srvyeu (UGSS), New Yrko is snginik by 1-2mm pre yrea, in ptra oignw to teh eourmons wthgei of teh cyit\u2019s buldgiins, whhic ttoal an eaemtstdi 771 miiolln tnsnoe. Teh rsceraesher alos bdmael oerht poenhaenm inuginlcd gtadneorurw wihtarwlad adn sthignfi tctceoin paetls.", "scrambled": "Aognrcdic to a nwe sdtyu by teh US Gileogaloc Srvyeu (UGSS), Nwe Yrko is snginik by 1-2mm pre yrea, in ptra oignw to teh eourmons wthgei of teh cyit\u2019s buldgiins, whhic ttoal an eaemtstdi 771 miiolln tnsnoe. Teh rsceraesher alos bdmael oerht poenhaenm inuginlcd gtadneorurw wihtarwlad adn sthignfi tctceoin paetls.", "original": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the enormous weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. The researchers also blamed other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates.", "recovered": "Aognrcdic to a nwe sdtyu by teh US Gileogaloc Srvyeu (UGSS), New Yrko is snginik by 1-2mm pre yrea, in ptra oignw to teh eourmons wthgei of teh cyit\u2019s buldgiins, whhic ttoal an eaemtstdi 771 miiolln tnsnoe. Teh rsceraesher alos bdmael oerht poenhaenm inuginlcd gtadneorurw wihtarwlad adn sthignfi tctceoin paetls."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acdgirnoc to a rrtpeo fomr a cioansetvevr wgdtaohc guopr, teh US pstrneedi\u2019s dgo hsa bentti Steerc Serecvi agsetn at ltsae 10 tmise. Teh 22-mnhto-odl Graenm Seredhhp, a gfti fmro Bndie\u2019s bhroert Jeasm, hsa bene gvein \u201caioldiadnt lanesigh ptrclooos\u201d fgwonlilo teh itndncsie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Acdgirnoc to a rrtpeo fomr a cioansetvevr wgdtaohc guopr, teh US pstrneedi\u2019s dgo hsa bentti Steerc Serecvi agsetn at ltsae 10 tmise. Teh 22-mnhto-odl Graenm Seredhhp, a gfti fmro Bndie\u2019s bhroert Jeasm, hsa bene gvein \u201caioldiadnt lanesigh ptrclooos\u201d fgwonlilo teh itndncsie.", "scrambled": "Acdgirnoc to a rrtpeo fomr a cioansetvevr wgdtaohc guopr, teh US pstrneedi\u2019s dgo hsa bentti Steerc Serecvi agsetn at ltsae 10 tmise. Teh 22-mnhto-odl Graenm Seredhhp, a gfti fmro Bndie\u2019s bhroert Jeasm, hsa bene gvein \u201caioldiadnt lanesigh ptrclooos\u201d fgwonlilo teh itndncsie.", "original": "According to a report from a conservative watchdog group, the US president\u2019s dog has bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cadditional leashing protocols\u201d following the incidents.", "recovered": "Acdgirnoc to a rrtpeo fomr a cioansetvevr wgdtaohc guopr, teh US pstrneedi\u2019s dgo hsa bentti Steerc Serecvi agsetn at ltsae 10 tmise. Teh 22-mnhto-odl Graenm Seredhhp, a gfti fmro Bndie\u2019s bhroert Jeasm, hsa bene gvein \u201caioldiadnt lanesigh ptrclooos\u201d fgwonlilo teh itndncsie."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Agcnoidrc to an assnilay of waewaerstt in svaeler mroja cistei, ues of teh Csasl A dugr hsa rseni by as mchu as a qarreut in jsut oen yrea, sdai teh Nioatnal Cerim Aencyg. Teh aengcy siad tiesgnt of waaerttwse gvae a beetrt itcinnaoid of dugr ues tahn pcibul seysrvu or emisettas fomr sdzeie secusatbns. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Weke Uanwredpp paoctds.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Agcnoidrc to an assnilay of waewaerstt in svaeler mroja cistei, ues of teh Csasl A dugr hsa rseni by as mchu as a qarreut in jsut oen yrea, sdai teh Nioatnal Cerim Aencyg. Teh aengcy siad tiesgnt of waaerttwse gvae a beetrt itcinnaoid of dugr ues tahn pcibul seysrvu or emisettas fomr sdzeie secusatbns. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Weke Uanwredpp paoctds.", "scrambled": "Agcnoidrc to an assnilay of waewaerstt in svaeler mroja cistei, ues of teh Csasl A dugr hsa rseni by as mchu as a qarreut in jsut oen yrea, sdai teh Nioatnal Cerim Aencyg. Teh aengcy siad tiesgnt of waaerttwse gvae a beetrt itcinnaoid of dugr ues tahn pcibul seysrvu or emisettas fomr sdzeie secusatbns. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Weke Uanwredpp paoctds.", "original": "According to an analysis of wastewater in several major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the National Crime Agency. The agency said testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from seized substances. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Agcnoidrc to an assnilay of waewaerstt in svaeler mroja cistei, ues of teh Csasl A dugr hsa rseni by as mchu as a qarreut in jsut oen yrea, sdai teh Nioatnal Cerim Aencyg. Teh aengcy siad tiesgnt of waaerttwse gvae a beetrt itcinnaoid of dugr ues tahn pcibul seysrvu or emisettas fomr sdzeie secusatbns. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Weke Uanwredpp paoctds."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acndgicro to esatitmes fmro Natanoli Hto Dgo & Saasgeu Cconlui, Aesniamcr ceunmos as myna as 20 bniolil hto dsog pre yrea. Tath nbrume fsactro in rleiat seasl (9 bnoilli), as wlle as hto dsgo enate at stgipnor entsev, lloca pcscini adn craialnsv.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Acndgicro to esatitmes fmro Natanoli Hto Dgo & Saasgeu Cconlui, Aesniamcr ceunmos as myna as 20 bniolil hto dsog pre yrea. Tath nbrume fsactro in rleiat seasl (9 bnoilli), as wlle as hto dsgo enate at stgipnor entsev, lloca pcscini adn craialnsv.", "scrambled": "Acndgicro to esatitmes fmro Natanoli Hto Dgo & Saasgeu Cconlui, Aesniamcr ceunmos as myna as 20 bniolil hto dsog pre yrea. Tath nbrume fsactro in rleiat seasl (9 bnoilli), as wlle as hto dsgo enate at stgipnor entsev, lloca pcscini adn craialnsv.", "original": "According to estimates from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That number factors in retail sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local picnics and carnivals.", "recovered": "Acndgicro to esatitmes fmro Natanoli Hto Dgo & Saasgeu Cconlui, Aesniamcr ceunmos as myna as 20 bniolil hto dsog pre yrea. Tath nbrume fsactro in rleiat seasl (9 bnoilli), as wlle as hto dsgo enate at stgipnor entsev, lloca pcscini adn craialnsv."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aioccdgnr to eseptxr, an icreanes in teh nbrume of bhcir teers benig pendatl, pslu teh weird aliyliatvaib of fosod fomr auodnr teh wlrdo, hsa feeuldl htlioaps assimoidsn fro aeesgillr adn axhyaalspni, whchi hvea ideesacnr fmro 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in teh psta yrea. Fndi otu meor whti Teh Wkee Udppnrwea patdocs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aioccdgnr to eseptxr, an icreanes in teh nbrume of bhcir teers benig pendatl, pslu teh weird aliyliatvaib of fosod fomr auodnr teh wlrdo, hsa feeuldl htlioaps assimoidsn fro aeesgillr adn axhyaalspni, whchi hvea ideesacnr fmro 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in teh psta yrea. Fndi otu meor whti Teh Wkee Udppnrwea patdocs.", "scrambled": "Aioccdgnr to eseptxr, an icreanes in teh nbrume of bhcir teers benig pendatl, pslu teh weird aliyliatvaib of fosod fomr auodnr teh wlrdo, hsa feeuldl htlioaps assimoidsn fro aeesgillr adn axhyaalspni, whchi hvea ideesacnr fmro 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in teh psta yrea. Fndi otu meor whti Teh Wkee Udppnrwea patdocs.", "original": "According to experts, an increase in the number of birch trees being planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled hospital admissions for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Aioccdgnr to eseptxr, an icreanes in teh nbrume of bhcir teers benig pendatl, pslu teh weird aliyliatvaib of fosod fomr auodnr teh wlrdo, hsa feeuldl htlioaps assimoidsn fro aeesgillr adn axhyaalspni, whchi hvea ideesacnr fmro 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in teh psta yrea. Fndi otu meor whti Teh Wkee Udppnrwea patdocs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aidgcorcn to inemtvsnte bnak USB, an asasnily of US htelha ieannrcus clsaim fdoun ttha up to $500 mnlioil of mlcadei cstos were \u201cdieylrct auebbtalitrt\u201d to teh stopr, a csosr beewten tnisen, btaninmod adn tleba tisnen ttha is ecsalilepy ppuralo whit pseisonnre, Fro moer odd adn upxteenced nwes, snig up to teh Tlla Teals nreetlwtes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aidgcorcn to inemtvsnte bnak USB, an asasnily of US htelha ieannrcus clsaim fdoun ttha up to $500 mnlioil of mlcadei cstos were \u201cdieylrct auebbtalitrt\u201d to teh stopr, a csosr beewten tnisen, btaninmod adn tleba tisnen ttha is ecsalilepy ppuralo whit pseisonnre, Fro moer odd adn upxteenced nwes, snig up to teh Tlla Teals nreetlwtes.", "scrambled": "Aidgcorcn to inemtvsnte bnak USB, an asasnily of US htelha ieannrcus clsaim fdoun ttha up to $500 mnlioil of mlcadei cstos were \u201cdieylrct auebbtalitrt\u201d to teh stopr, a csosr beewten tnisen, btaninmod adn tleba tisnen ttha is ecsalilepy ppuralo whit pseisonnre, Fro moer odd adn upxteenced nwes, snig up to teh Tlla Teals nreetlwtes.", "original": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of US health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between tennis, badminton and table tennis that is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Aidgcorcn to inemtvsnte bnak USB, an asasnily of US htelha ieannrcus clsaim fdoun ttha up to $500 mnlioil of mlcadei cstos were \u201cdieylrct auebbtalitrt\u201d to teh stopr, a csosr beewten tnisen, btaninmod adn tleba tisnen ttha is ecsalilepy ppuralo whit pseisonnre, Fro moer odd adn upxteenced nwes, snig up to teh Tlla Teals nreetlwtes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aiogcdrnc to teh Dlayi Srta, teh \u201csoeamtwh bglafifn ttare\u201d is aabivelal in citsie asocrs teh UK oerv teh wkeneed vai teh Dioeoevlr app. \u201cLoev fidre cekchin? Loev coaoeclth? Tneh ptu yuor hsdan tetgeorh,\u201d sida Ashia Jfeseornf fmor Dvlreoeoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aiogcdrnc to teh Dlayi Srta, teh \u201csoeamtwh bglafifn ttare\u201d is aabivelal in citsie asocrs teh UK oerv teh wkeneed vai teh Dioeoevlr app. \u201cLoev fidre cekchin? Loev coaoeclth? Tneh ptu yuor hsdan tetgeorh,\u201d sida Ashia Jfeseornf fmor Dvlreoeoi.", "scrambled": "Aiogcdrnc to teh Dlayi Srta, teh \u201csoeamtwh bglafifn ttare\u201d is aabivelal in citsie asocrs teh UK oerv teh wkeneed vai teh Dioeoevlr app. \u201cLoev fidre cekchin? Loev coaoeclth? Tneh ptu yuor hsdan tetgeorh,\u201d sida Ashia Jfeseornf fmor Dvlreoeoi.", "original": "According to the Daily Star, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Aisha Jefferson from Deliveroo.", "recovered": "Aiogcdrnc to teh Dlayi Srta, teh \u201csoeamtwh bglafifn ttare\u201d is aabivelal in citsie asocrs teh UK oerv teh wkeneed vai teh Dioeoevlr app. \u201cLoev fidre cekchin? Loev coaoeclth? Tneh ptu yuor hsdan tetgeorh,\u201d sida Ashia Jfeseornf fmor Dvlreoeoi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Accngiord to teh Wldro Mtioegeooarcll Onaoaiitrgzn, teerh is nwo a gtrerae lohedoliik ttah teh pnltae wlil sarpsus a 1.5C icsnraee in gabllo wrmgani by 2027. If thsi tlehdsrho is csteytsinnlo ecxedeed, it wudol sfniyig a hieeenthgd rsik of rneghcai ciiaclrt cletmia \u201ctiignpp pintso\u201d. Psigsna tehse tngppii ptison wdoul lade to a lses hlobtepsia petanl adn an antlicreacoe of citmlea caheng.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Accngiord to teh Wldro Mtioegeooarcll Onaoaiitrgzn, teerh is nwo a gtrerae lohedoliik ttah teh pnltae wlil sarpsus a 1.5C icsnraee in gabllo wrmgani by 2027. If thsi tlehdsrho is csteytsinnlo ecxedeed, it wudol sfniyig a hieeenthgd rsik of rneghcai ciiaclrt cletmia \u201ctiignpp pintso\u201d. Psigsna tehse tngppii ptison wdoul lade to a lses hlobtepsia petanl ", "scrambled": "Accngiord to teh Wldro Mtioegeooarcll Onaoaiitrgzn, teerh is nwo a gtrerae lohedoliik ttah teh pnltae wlil sarpsus a 1.5C icsnraee in gabllo wrmgani by 2027. If thsi tlehdsrho is csteytsinnlo ecxedeed, it wudol sfniyig a hieeenthgd rsik of rneghcai ciiaclrt cletmia \u201ctiignpp pintso\u201d. Psigsna tehse tngppii ptison wdoul lade to a lses hlobtepsia petanl adn an antlicreacoe of citmlea caheng.", "original": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of reaching critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet and an acceleration of climate change.", "recovered": "Accngiord to teh Wldro Mtioegeooarcll Onaoaiitrgzn, teerh is nwo a gtrerae lohedoliik ttah teh pnltae wlil sarpsus a 1.5C icsnraee in gabllo wrmgani by 2027. If thsi tlehdsrho is csteytsinnlo ecxedeed, it wudol sfniyig a hieeenthgd rsik of rneghcai ciiaclrt cletmia \u201ctiignpp pintso\u201d. Psigsna tehse tngppii ptison wdoul lade to a lses hlobtepsia petanl"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acncgroid to teh tinkh-takn rrotpe, teh goallb flete of pvtiear jest hsa mreo tanh doelbud in teh psat tow ddescea, hintigt 23,133 in mdi-2022, adn sesla aer fetarocs to rahec a rdocre hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tsih yrea. Fndi otu meor wtih Teh Week Uwedrnpap psotcad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Acncgroid to teh tinkh-takn rrotpe, teh goallb flete of pvtiear jest hsa mreo tanh doelbud in teh psat tow ddescea, hintigt 23,133 in mdi-2022, adn sesla aer fetarocs to rahec a rdocre hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tsih yrea. Fndi otu meor wtih Teh Week Uwedrnpap psotcad.", "scrambled": "Acncgroid to teh tinkh-takn rrotpe, teh goallb flete of pvtiear jest hsa mreo tanh doelbud in teh psat tow ddescea, hintigt 23,133 in mdi-2022, adn sesla aer fetarocs to rahec a rdocre hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tsih yrea. Fndi otu meor wtih Teh Week Uwedrnpap psotcad.", "original": "According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of private jets has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Acncgroid to teh tinkh-takn rrotpe, teh goallb flete of pvtiear jest hsa mreo tanh doelbud in teh psat tow ddescea, hintigt 23,133 in mdi-2022, adn sesla aer fetarocs to rahec a rdocre hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tsih yrea. Fndi otu meor wtih Teh Week Uwedrnpap psotcad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Adssgdienr an aeduenic at teh Hya Fevlatis in Wesla, Cblmaepl sdai: \u201cI tknih we sluohd thace oru ksid to be ietrendset in adn eadngeg in piosilct.\u201d Teh ssttiarget adn jitrnulaso addde tath rtrhae tanh \u201cclal it pitcoisl\u201d, schu lseonss cuold be clldae \u201cauigrng\u201d, \u201cpicylo\u201d or \u201cbgi iseuss\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Adssgdienr an aeduenic at teh Hya Fevlatis in Wesla, Cblmaepl sdai: \u201cI tknih we sluohd thace oru ksid to be ietrendset in adn eadngeg in piosilct.\u201d Teh ssttiarget adn jitrnulaso addde tath rtrhae tanh \u201cclal it pitcoisl\u201d, schu lseonss cuold be clldae \u201cauigrng\u201d, \u201cpicylo\u201d or \u201cbgi iseuss\u201d.", "scrambled": "Adssgdienr an aeduenic at teh Hya Fevlatis in Wesla, Cblmaepl sdai: \u201cI tknih we sluohd thace oru ksid to be ietrendset in adn eadngeg in piosilct.\u201d Teh ssttiarget adn jitrnulaso addde tath rtrhae tanh \u201cclal it pitcoisl\u201d, schu lseonss cuold be clldae \u201cauigrng\u201d, \u201cpicylo\u201d or \u201cbgi iseuss\u201d.", "original": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids to be interested in and engaged in politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall it politics\u201d, such lessons could be called \u201carguing\u201d, \u201cpolicy\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "recovered": "Adssgdienr an aeduenic at teh Hya Fevlatis in Wesla, Cblmaepl sdai: \u201cI tknih we sluohd thace oru ksid to be ietrendset in adn eadngeg in piosilct.\u201d Teh ssttiarget adn jitrnulaso addde tath rtrhae tanh \u201cclal it pitcoisl\u201d, schu lseonss cuold be clldae \u201cauigrng\u201d, \u201cpicylo\u201d or \u201cbgi iseuss\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Asrevids fro teh FAD vtedo umnuyislnoa on Wsnadedey in sorpptu of miagkn a briht-cntolro plil neadm Ollpi ableaialv orve-teh-creuton, synagi teh bsieefnt oeuwtigh teh rskis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Asrevids fro teh FAD vtedo umnuyislnoa on Wsnadedey in sorpptu of miagkn a briht-cntolro plil neadm Ollpi ableaialv orve-teh-creuton, synagi teh bsieefnt oeuwtigh teh rskis.", "scrambled": "Asrevids fro teh FAD vtedo umnuyislnoa on Wsnadedey in sorpptu of miagkn a briht-cntolro plil neadm Ollpi ableaialv orve-teh-creuton, synagi teh bsieefnt oeuwtigh teh rskis.", "original": "Advisers for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks.", "recovered": "Asrevids fro teh FAD vtedo umnuyislnoa on Wsnadedey in sorpptu of miagkn a briht-cntolro plil neadm Ollpi ableaialv orve-teh-creuton, synagi teh bsieefnt oeuwtigh teh rskis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ADf caitdaden Reortb Slnnsemsae ceidalm 52.8% of teh vteo in Saynud\u2019s ditcsitr clouinc rnu-off enlociet, bainget teh iutbnnmec drctitis aatiisnmrrtod, fomr teh cetren-rtigh Cihrtnsai Domtearc Prtay (CUD). Teh vriytco cmeso as nonatila pslol sowh a srgeu in sotprpu fro teh ADf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ADf caitdaden Reortb Slnnsemsae ceidalm 52.8% of teh vteo in Saynud\u2019s ditcsitr clouinc rnu-off enlociet, bainget teh iutbnnmec drctitis aatiisnmrrtod, fomr teh cetren-rtigh Cihrtnsai Domtaarc Prtay (CUD). Teh vriytco cmeso as nonatila pslol sowh a srgeu in sotprpu fro teh ADf.", "scrambled": "ADf caitdaden Reortb Slnnsemsae ceidalm 52.8% of teh vteo in Saynud\u2019s ditcsitr clouinc rnu-off enlociet, bainget teh iutbnnmec drctitis aatiisnmrrtod, fomr teh cetren-rtigh Cihrtnsai Domtearc Prtay (CUD). Teh vriytco cmeso as nonatila pslol sowh a srgeu in sotprpu fro teh ADf.", "original": "AfD candidate Robert Sesselmann claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent district administrator, from the centre-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a surge in support for the AfD.", "recovered": "ADf caitdaden Reortb Slnnsemsae ceidalm 52.8% of teh vteo in Saynud\u2019s ditcsitr clouinc rnu-off enlociet, bainget teh iutbnnmec drctitis aatiisnmrrtod, fomr teh cetren-rtigh Cihrtnsai Domtaarc Prtay (CUD). Teh vriytco cmeso as nonatila pslol sowh a srgeu in sotprpu fro teh ADf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Artfe a 60-yare stiicneifc qtues, teh wrldo hsa ist firts vaccnei to ptcorte aanstgi rproeasiyrt syiytclna vusir, or RVS.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Artfe a 60-yare sicineifc qtues, teh wrldo hsa ist firts vaccnei to ptcorte aanstgi rproeasiyrt syiytclna vusir, or RVS.", "scrambled": "Artfe a 60-yare stiicneifc qtues, teh wrldo hsa ist firts vaccnei to ptcorte aanstgi rproeasiyrt syiytclna vusir, or RVS.", "original": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "recovered": "Artfe a 60-yare sicineifc qtues, teh wrldo hsa ist firts vaccnei to ptcorte aanstgi rproeasiyrt syiytclna vusir, or RVS."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aedg 81, Stetarw is teh oltdes peonrs to gaecr teh crvoe of Sotrps Itelrlaudts\u2019s saermwwi eodtini. Seh took teh corwn of otldse cervo moedl fmro Eonl Mksu\u2019s mtrhoe, teh meodl Meya Msuk, woh pesod at teh aeg of 74 in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aedg 81, Stetarw is teh oltdes peonrs to gaecr teh crvoe of Sotrps Itelrlaudts\u2019s saermwwi eodtini. Seh took teh corwn of otldse cervo moedl fmro Eonl Mksu\u2019s mtrhoe, teh meodl Meya Msuk, woh pesod at teh aeg of 74 in 2022.", "scrambled": "Aedg 81, Stetarw is teh oltdes peonrs to gaecr teh crvoe of Sotrps Itelrlaudts\u2019s saermwwi eodtini. Seh took teh corwn of otldse cervo moedl fmro Eonl Mksu\u2019s mtrhoe, teh meodl Meya Msuk, woh pesod at teh aeg of 74 in 2022.", "original": "Aged 81, Stewart is the oldest person to grace the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Elon Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who posed at the age of 74 in 2022.", "recovered": "Aedg 81, Stetarw is teh oltdes peonrs to gaecr teh crvoe of Sotrps Itelrlaudts\u2019s saermwwi eodtini. Seh took teh corwn of otldse cervo moedl fmro Eonl Mksu\u2019s mtrhoe, teh meodl Meya Msuk, woh pesod at teh aeg of 74 in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Amoslt a wleho pdo of ptilo weaslh dedi arfte 55 whdeas up on a rtmoee bceah on teh Otreu Heedinbar inlsad. Ptiol welash aer \u201cntroousoi fro trieh srtngo slioca bndos\u201d, sdai Bthriis Dvsier Mianer Lefi Rucese. Teh cirhyta beveesli teh pdo mthgi hvea folldowe oen of teh whelsa aosreh aeftr it hda dffyiictul ggiinv bhrit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Amoslt a wleho pdo of ptilo weaslh dedi arfte 55 whdeas up on a rtmoee bceah on teh Otreu Heedinbar inlsad. Ptiol welash aer \u201cntroousoi fro trieh srtngo slioca bndos\u201d, sdai Bthriis Dvsier Mianer Lefi Rucese. Teh cirhyta beveesli teh pdo mthgi hvea folldowe oen of teh whelsa aosreh aeftr it hda dffyiictul ggiinv bhrit.", "scrambled": "Amoslt a wleho pdo of ptilo weaslh dedi arfte 55 whdeas up on a rtmoee bceah on teh Otreu Heedinbar inlsad. Ptiol welash aer \u201cntroousoi fro trieh srtngo slioca bndos\u201d, sdai Bthriis Dvsier Mianer Lefi Rucese. Teh cirhyta beveesli teh pdo mthgi hvea folldowe oen of teh whelsa aosreh aeftr it hda dffyiictul ggiinv bhrit.", "original": "Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Outer Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have followed one of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.", "recovered": "Amoslt a wleho pdo of ptilo weaslh dedi arfte 55 whdeas up on a rtmoee bceah on teh Otreu Heedinbar inlsad. Ptiol welash aer \u201cntroousoi fro trieh srtngo slioca bndos\u201d, sdai Bthriis Dvsier Mianer Lefi Rucese. Teh cirhyta beveesli teh pdo mthgi hvea folldowe oen of teh whelsa aosreh aeftr it hda dffyiictul ggiinv bhrit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anzaom aegder to pya a htefy smu to seettl pivryca cltspanomi oevr ist Aalex vcoei atsnaists adn Rngi dbloorle cmaaesr. Teh smtettsenle wthi teh Fdaelre Teard Comisomsin hlthggihi camsil tath teh cypmona rnieetda Rgin veidos adn Aexal vocie rcgdirnsoe fro yrsae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Anzaom aegder to pya a htefy smu to seettl pivryca cltspanomi oevr ist Aalex vcoei atsnaists adn Rngi dbloorle cmaaesr. Teh smtettsenle wthi teh Fdaelre Teard Comisomsin hlthggihi camsil tath teh cypmona rnieetda Rgin veidos adn Aexal vocie rcgdirnsoe fro yrsae.", "scrambled": "Anzaom aegder to pya a htefy smu to seettl pivryca cltspanomi oevr ist Aalex vcoei atsnaists adn Rngi dbloorle cmaaesr. Teh smtettsenle wthi teh Fdaelre Teard Comisomsin hlthggihi camsil tath teh cypmona rnieetda Rgin veidos adn Aexal vocie rcgdirnsoe fro yrsae.", "original": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission highlight claims that the company retained Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years.", "recovered": "Anzaom aegder to pya a htefy smu to seettl pivryca cltspanomi oevr ist Aalex vcoei atsnaists adn Rngi dbloorle cmaaesr. Teh smtettsenle wthi teh Fdaelre Teard Comisomsin hlthggihi camsil tath teh cypmona rnieetda Rgin veidos adn Aexal vocie rcgdirnsoe fro yrsae."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aznmoa\u2019s vitrlau clniic is nwo ofgenfir tlhhaeeelt amptestnoinp in all 50 stesat adn Whgsonitan, DC, teh cyonmpa aenucodnn on Tudasey. Amnaoz pruysolevi lcnueahd ist onw daltgii dtrugores, Aznoam Parymhca, in 2020.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aznmoa\u2019s vitrlau clniic is nwo ofgenfir tlhhaeeelt amptestnoinp in all 50 stesat adn Whgsonitan, DC, teh cyonmpa aenucodnn on Tudasey. Amnaoz pruysolevi lcnueahd ist onw daltgii dtrugores, Aznoam Parymhca, in 2020.", "scrambled": "Aznmoa\u2019s vitrlau clniic is nwo ofgenfir tlhhaeeelt amptestnoinp in all 50 stesat adn Whgsonitan, DC, teh cyonmpa aenucodnn on Tudasey. Amnaoz pruysolevi lcnueahd ist onw daltgii dtrugores, Aznoam Parymhca, in 2020.", "original": "Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced on Tuesday. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, Amazon Pharmacy, in 2020.", "recovered": "Aznmoa\u2019s vitrlau clniic is nwo ofgenfir tlhhaeeelt amptestnoinp in all 50 stesat adn Whgsonitan, DC, teh cyonmpa aenucodnn on Tudasey. Amnaoz pruysolevi lcnueahd ist onw daltgii dtrugores, Aznoam Parymhca, in 2020."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: An aasylisn of daat on 10,528 petsntai amtddtei to halopsit in Ierandl wthi a suesior haetr actakt orve a fiev-yare prieod fnduo taht ratse weer 13% hgehri on Msaoynd. Pbsileso renssoa sgdeugtse idcnelu diutspoinrs to selpe ceclys ovre teh weedkne ttha mya trregig hrgeih lelesv of ioamnnaitfml adn sersts hrnoosem wneh poeepl rtenru to tireh ulasu wedayke ringsi tmsie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "An aasylisn of daat on 10,528 petsntai amtddtei to halopsit in Ierandl wthi a suesior haetr actakt orve a fiev-yare prieod fnduo taht ratse weer 13% hgehri on Msaoynd. Pbsileso renssoa sgdeugtse idcnelu diutspoinrs to selpe ceclys ovre teh weedkne ttha mya trregig hrgeih lelesv of ioamnnaitfml adn sersts hrnoosem wneh poeepl rtenru to tireh ulasu wedayke ringsi tmsie.", "scrambled": "An aasylisn of daat on 10,528 petsntai amtddtei to halopsit in Ierandl wthi a suesior haetr actakt orve a fiev-yare prieod fnduo taht ratse weer 13% hgehri on Msaoynd. Pbsileso renssoa sgdeugtse idcnelu diutspoinrs to selpe ceclys ovre teh weedkne ttha mya trregig hrgeih lelesv of ioamnnaitfml adn sersts hrnoosem wneh poeepl rtenru to tireh ulasu wedayke ringsi tmsie.", "original": "An analysis of data on 10,528 patients admitted to hospital in Ireland with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual weekday rising times.", "recovered": "An aasylisn of daat on 10,528 petsntai amtddtei to halopsit in Ierandl wthi a suesior haetr actakt orve a fiev-yare prieod fnduo taht ratse weer 13% hgehri on Msaoynd. Pbsileso renssoa sgdeugtse idcnelu diutspoinrs to selpe ceclys ovre teh weedkne ttha mya trregig hrgeih lelesv of ioamnnaitfml adn sersts hrnoosem wneh poeepl rtenru to tireh ulasu wedayke ringsi tmsie."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aan Og\u00f3renb hsa bene teh fscou of picbul dtaebe sneci hvanig a bbya gril vai syguarroc (wihhc is ilellga in Siapn) in teh US, uisgn teh semrp of hre sno Assolie, woh dedi of cecrna in 2020 at teh aeg of 27. Teh 68-yrea-odl TV prteersne tlod Hoal! ttha hre sno\u2019s \u201cdnygi wsih\u201d wsa to hvea a cdlhi, so teh bbya \u201cins\u2019t my dtghruae, btu my gaerrnhdtgdau\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aan Og\u00f3renb hsa bene teh fscou of picbul dtaebe sneci hvanig a bbya gril vai syguarroc (wihhc is ilellga in Siapn) in teh US, uisgn teh semrp of hre sno Assolie, woh dedi of cecrna in 2020 at teh aeg of 27. Teh 68-yrea-odl TV prteersne tlod Hoal! ttha hre sno\u2019s \u201cdnygi wsih\u201d wsa to hvea a cdlhi, so teh bbya \u201cins\u2019t my dtghruae, btu my gaerrnhdtgdau\u201d.", "scrambled": "Aan Og\u00f3renb hsa bene teh fscou of picbul dtaebe sneci hvanig a bbya gril vai syguarroc (wihhc is ilellga in Siapn) in teh US, uisgn teh semrp of hre sno Assolie, woh dedi of cecrna in 2020 at teh aeg of 27. Teh 68-yrea-odl TV prteersne tlod Hoal! ttha hre sno\u2019s \u201cdnygi wsih\u201d wsa to hvea a cdlhi, so teh bbya \u201cins\u2019t my dtghruae, btu my gaerrnhdtgdau\u201d.", "original": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus of public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) in the US, using the sperm of her son Alessio, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my granddaughter\u201d.", "recovered": "Aan Og\u00f3renb hsa bene teh fscou of picbul dtaebe sneci hvanig a bbya gril vai syguarroc (wihhc is ilellga in Siapn) in teh US, uisgn teh semrp of hre sno Assolie, woh dedi of cecrna in 2020 at teh aeg of 27. Teh 68-yrea-odl TV prteersne tlod Hoal! ttha hre sno\u2019s \u201cdnygi wsih\u201d wsa to hvea a cdlhi, so teh bbya \u201cins\u2019t my dtghruae, btu my gaerrnhdtgdau\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Angonunnic teh aioenmntppt, Myroa Erci Aasdm sida fmrreo eleamentyr scohol taecehr Ciadorr \u201chsa teh keolgendw, direv, ereinxpeec adn eyreng to sden rsat pcagnki adn cretae a cealnre, mreo wcmeoling ctyi fro all Nwe Yrskreo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Angonunnic teh aioenmntppt, Myroa Erci Aasdm sida fmrreo eleamentyr scohol taecehr Ciadorr \u201chsa teh keolgendw, direv, ereinxpeec adn eyreng to sden rsat pcagnki adn cretae a cealnre, mreo wcmeoling ctyi fro all Nwe Yrskreo\u201d.", "scrambled": "Angonunnic teh aioenmntppt, Myroa Erci Aasdm sida fmrreo eleamentyr scohol taecehr Ciadorr \u201chsa teh keolgendw, direv, ereinxpeec adn eyreng to sden rsat pcagnki adn cretae a cealnre, mreo wcmeoling ctyi fro all Nwe Yrskreo\u201d.", "original": "Announcing the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas the knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send rats packing and create a cleaner, more welcoming city for all New Yorkers\u201d.", "recovered": "Angonunnic teh aioenmntppt, Myroa Erci Aasdm sida fmrreo eleamentyr scohol taecehr Ciadorr \u201chsa teh keolgendw, direv, ereinxpeec adn eyreng to sden rsat pcagnki adn cretae a cealnre, mreo wcmeoling ctyi fro all Nwe Yrskreo\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Alepp idrncduteo a \u201cmxeid raltiye\u201d hseetad cealld Apepl Vnoiis Por, a tlncgoyheo taht oyslaerv vluatri iemgas on lvei voedi of teh rlae wldor. Teh capnyom siad it wlil be aibaavlle elrya nxet yare in teh US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Alepp idrncduteo a \u201cmxeid raltiye\u201d hseetad cealld Apepl Vnoiis Por, a tlncgoyheo taht oyslaerv vluatri iemgas on lvei voedi of teh rlae wldor. Teh capnyom siad it wlil be aibaavlle elrya nxet yare in teh US.", "scrambled": "Alepp idrncduteo a \u201cmxeid raltiye\u201d hseetad cealld Apepl Vnoiis Por, a tlncgoyheo taht oyslaerv vluatri iemgas on lvei voedi of teh rlae wldor. Teh capnyom siad it wlil be aibaavlle elrya nxet yare in teh US.", "original": "Apple introduced a \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US.", "recovered": "Alepp idrncduteo a \u201cmxeid raltiye\u201d hseetad cealld Apepl Vnoiis Por, a tlncgoyheo taht oyslaerv vluatri iemgas on lvei voedi of teh rlae wldor. Teh capnyom siad it wlil be aibaavlle elrya nxet yare in teh US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Amryptloaxipe 10% of teh wdolr\u2019s plntaoupoi \u2013 or an eidtsmtea 785 minllio poleep \u2013 lakc asscce to calne wraet, adgconric to teh Wlrod Hltaeh Otzaonganrii.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Amryptloaxipe 10% of teh wdolr\u2019s plntaoupoi \u2013 or an eidtsmtea 785 minllio poleep \u2013 lakc asscce to calne wraet, adgconric to teh Wlrod Hltaeh Otzaonganrii.", "scrambled": "Amryptloaxipe 10% of teh wdolr\u2019s plntaoupoi \u2013 or an eidtsmtea 785 minllio poleep \u2013 lakc asscce to calne wraet, adgconric to teh Wlrod Hltaeh Otzaonganrii.", "original": "Approximately 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization.", "recovered": "Amryptloaxipe 10% of teh wdolr\u2019s plntaoupoi \u2013 or an eidtsmtea 785 minllio poleep \u2013 lakc asscce to calne wraet, adgconric to teh Wlrod Hltaeh Otzaonganrii."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Adrnou 1,500 istme bingenlog to teh fmeror Qnuee fnaonrtm \u2013 iudglncin hsi Tyffnai & Co mhtesoacu cmbo adn a slki wcotstiaa deodacret wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dldaspeiy at Seboyht\u2019s Lonndo frmo 4 Atsuug uinlt 5 Sermptebe, adn wlli thne go uendr teh hrmema.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Adrnou 1,500 istme bingenlog to teh fmeror Qnuee fnaonrtm \u2013 iudglncin hsi Tyffnai & Co mhtesoacu cmbo adn a slki wcotstiaa deodacret wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dldaspeiy at Seboyht\u2019s Lonndo frmo 4 Atsuug uinlt 5 Sermptebe, adn wlli thne go uendr teh hrmema.", "scrambled": "Adrnou 1,500 istme bingenlog to teh fmeror Qnuee fnaonrtm \u2013 iudglncin hsi Tyffnai & Co mhtesoacu cmbo adn a slki wcotstiaa deodacret wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dldaspeiy at Seboyht\u2019s Lonndo frmo 4 Atsuug uinlt 5 Sermptebe, adn wlli thne go uendr teh hrmema.", "original": "Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co moustache comb and a silk waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Sotheby\u2019s London from 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer.", "recovered": "Adrnou 1,500 istme bingenlog to teh fmeror Qnuee fnaonrtm \u2013 iudglncin hsi Tyffnai & Co mhtesoacu cmbo adn a slki wcotstiaa deodacret wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dldaspeiy at Seboyht\u2019s Lonndo frmo 4 Atsuug uinlt 5 Sermptebe, adn wlli thne go uendr teh hrmema."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aivnirrg on teh hlese of snrgpi, Jeuhnneett fstivieseti taplyliyc ivnoelv pncsici, wthi rde fdsoo adn dsrkin lkei srabywrert sdoa dgotnminai tesoh sdepsar. Teh corlo rde is bdvieeel to rnstepeer teh blood sdeh by evsednal Ancaifr atsrcenso.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aivnirrg on teh hlese of snrgpi, Jeuhnneett fstivieseti taplyliyc ivnoelv pncsici, wthi rde fdsoo adn dsrkin lkei srabywrert sdoa dgotnminai tesoh sdepsar. Teh corlo rde is bdvieeel to rnstepeer teh blood sdeh by evsednal Ancaifr atsrcenso.", "scrambled": "Aivnirrg on teh hlese of snrgpi, Jeuhnneett fstivieseti taplyliyc ivnoelv pncsici, wthi rde fdsoo adn dsrkin lkei srabywrert sdoa dgotnminai tesoh sdepsar. Teh corlo rde is bdvieeel to rnstepeer teh blood sdeh by evsednal Ancaifr atsrcenso.", "original": "Arriving on the heels of spring, Juneteenth festivities typically involve picnics, with red foods and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red is believed to represent the blood shed by enslaved African ancestors.", "recovered": "Aivnirrg on teh hlese of snrgpi, Jeuhnneett fstivieseti taplyliyc ivnoelv pncsici, wthi rde fdsoo adn dsrkin lkei srabywrert sdoa dgotnminai tesoh sdepsar. Teh corlo rde is bdvieeel to rnstepeer teh blood sdeh by evsednal Ancaifr atsrcenso."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As seh bdeow otu of Nwe Zlaenad\u2019s pamnaielrt, Aderrn gvea a rognsiu shpece clnaigl fro pislciot to be oeepdn up to acpiaylt ldarees. Seh siad: \u201cYuo cna be ausonxi, sietsievn, kdin adn ware yuor hrate on yoru selvee. Yuo cna be a meothr, or nto, an ex-Mnmroo, or nto, a nder, a crrei, a hruegg \u2013 yuo cna be all of tseeh tisngh, adn nto oynl cna yuo be hree \u2013 yuo cna ldea.\u201d Arednr anonencdu hre skcho rngtnieiaso in Jyanuar, siygan seh hda \u201cno mroe lfte in teh tnka\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "As seh bdeow otu of Nwe Zlaenad\u2019s pamnaielrt, Aderrn gvea a rognsiu shpece clnaigl fro pislciot to be oeepdn up to acpiaylt ldarees. Seh siad: \u201cYuo cna be ausonxi, sietsievn, kdin adn ware yuor hrate on yoru selvee. Yuo cna be a meothr, or nto, an ex-Mnmroo, or nto, a nder, a crrei, a hruegg \u2013 yuo cna be all of tseeh tisngh, adn nto oynl cna yuo be hree \u2013 yuo c", "scrambled": "As seh bdeow otu of Nwe Zlaenad\u2019s pamnaielrt, Aderrn gvea a rognsiu shpece clnaigl fro pislciot to be oeepdn up to acpiaylt ldarees. Seh siad: \u201cYuo cna be ausonxi, sietsievn, kdin adn ware yuor hrate on yoru selvee. Yuo cna be a meothr, or nto, an ex-Mnmroo, or nto, a nder, a crrei, a hruegg \u2013 yuo cna be all of tseeh tisngh, adn nto oynl cna yuo be hree \u2013 yuo cna ldea.\u201d Arednr anonencdu hre skcho rngtnieiaso in Jyanuar, siygan seh hda \u201cno mroe lfte in teh tnka\u201d.", "original": "As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be anxious, sensitive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a crier, a hugger \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Ardern announced her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201cno more left in the tank\u201d.", "recovered": "As seh bdeow otu of Nwe Zlaenad\u2019s pamnaielrt, Aderrn gvea a rognsiu shpece clnaigl fro pislciot to be oeepdn up to acpiaylt ldarees. Seh siad: \u201cYuo cna be ausonxi, sietsievn, kdin adn ware yuor hrate on yoru selvee. Yuo cna be a meothr, or nto, an ex-Mnmroo, or nto, a nder, a crrei, a hruegg \u2013 yuo cna be all of tseeh tisngh, adn nto oynl cna yuo be hree \u2013 yuo c"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As teh arnteegsem bneewet teh UK adn Arstlaaiu, as wlel as teh UK adn Nwe Zaadnel, tkoo etffce tshi weke, virsoua itsem wree eeaxgncdh as gdloiowl gesstuer. Benoa csomci, sdieng by teh cicmo\u2019s eirtod, aognl wthi Pdeneyrn slieng mlta Wlhse wkiysh, Birngtoh Gni, bgsa fomr teh Ciedagbmr Stlhaec Co, adn Fvree-Tere mrsexi weer stne to btho nsntiao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "As teh arnteegsem bneewet teh UK adn Arstlaaiu, as wlel as teh UK adn Nwe Zaadnel, tkoo etffce tshi weke, virsoua itsem wree eeaxgncdh as gdloiowl gesstuer. Benoa csomci, sdieng by teh cicmo\u2019s eirtod, aognl wthi Pdeneyrn slieng mlta Wlhse wkiysh, Birngtoh Gni, bgsa fomr teh Ciedagbmr Stlhaec Co, adn Fvree-Tere mrsexi weer stne to btho nsntiao.", "scrambled": "As teh arnteegsem bneewet teh UK adn Arstlaaiu, as wlel as teh UK adn Nwe Zaadnel, tkoo etffce tshi weke, virsoua itsem wree eeaxgncdh as gdloiowl gesstuer. Benoa csomci, sdieng by teh cicmo\u2019s eirtod, aognl wthi Pdeneyrn slieng mlta Wlhse wkiysh, Birngtoh Gni, bgsa fomr teh Ciedagbmr Stlhaec Co, adn Fvree-Tere mrsexi weer stne to btho nsntiao.", "original": "As the agreements between the UK and Australia, as well as the UK and New Zealand, took effect this week, various items were exchanged as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single malt Welsh whisky, Brighton Gin, bags from the Cambridge Satchel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations.", "recovered": "As teh arnteegsem bneewet teh UK adn Arstlaaiu, as wlel as teh UK adn Nwe Zaadnel, tkoo etffce tshi weke, virsoua itsem wree eeaxgncdh as gdloiowl gesstuer. Benoa csomci, sdieng by teh cicmo\u2019s eirtod, aognl wthi Pdeneyrn slieng mlta Wlhse wkiysh, Birngtoh Gni, bgsa fomr teh Ciedagbmr Stlhaec Co, adn Fvree-Tere mrsexi weer stne to btho nsntiao."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At 80 yeras odl, Binde is teh odtels prtdsneie in Aaierncm hoyirts, adn if reledecet, he wlduo be 86 wnhe edgnni hsi sencdo tmer. Wenh prsdees on hsi aeg dnurgi a nwse cerenfecon tihs wkee, Bdeni siad he \u201ctook a hdar lkoo at it\u201d bforee dgiincde to rnu adn \u201cflese godo.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At 80 yeras odl, Binde is teh odtels prtdsneie in Aaierncm hoyirts, adn if reledecet, he wlduo be 86 wnhe edgnni hsi sencdo tmer. Wenh prsdees on hsi aeg dnurgi a nwse cerenfecon tihs wkee, Bdeni siad he \u201ctook a hdar lkoo at it\u201d bforee dgiincde to rnu adn \u201cflese godo.\u201d.", "scrambled": "At 80 yeras odl, Binde is teh odtels prtdsneie in Aaierncm hoyirts, adn if reledecet, he wlduo be 86 wnhe edgnni hsi sencdo tmer. Wenh prsdees on hsi aeg dnurgi a nwse cerenfecon tihs wkee, Bdeni siad he \u201ctook a hdar lkoo at it\u201d bforee dgiincde to rnu adn \u201cflese godo.\u201d.", "original": "At 80 years old, Biden is the oldest president in American history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "recovered": "At 80 yeras odl, Binde is teh odtels prtdsneie in Aaierncm hoyirts, adn if reledecet, he wlduo be 86 wnhe edgnni hsi sencdo tmer. Wenh prsdees on hsi aeg dnurgi a nwse cerenfecon tihs wkee, Bdeni siad he \u201ctook a hdar lkoo at it\u201d bforee dgiincde to rnu adn \u201cflese godo.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At lsaet 13 pepleo in a deozn setsta were idtecfne by a slnoaemall okeautrb lkneid to Glod Mdale fulor, teh CCD sdia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At lsaet 13 pepleo in a deozn setsta were idtecfne by a slnoaemall okeautrb lkneid to Glod Mdale fulor, teh CCD sdia.", "scrambled": "At lsaet 13 pepleo in a deozn setsta were idtecfne by a slnoaemall okeautrb lkneid to Glod Mdale fulor, teh CCD sdia.", "original": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "recovered": "At lsaet 13 pepleo in a deozn setsta were idtecfne by a slnoaemall okeautrb lkneid to Glod Mdale fulor, teh CCD sdia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At lteas sxi ppeoel wree kleldi Mndaoy whne a dsut stmor in Iliolisn sdyluned mdea it nrlyea ilebomspsi to see on teh shtor stetcrh of hahygiw, oasflcfii sida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "At lteas sxi ppeoel wree kleldi Mndaoy whne a dsut stmor in Iliolisn sdyluned mdea it nrlyea ilebomspsi to see on teh shtor stetcrh of hahygiw, oasflcfii sida.", "scrambled": "At lteas sxi ppeoel wree kleldi Mndaoy whne a dsut stmor in Iliolisn sdyluned mdea it nrlyea ilebomspsi to see on teh shtor stetcrh of hahygiw, oasflcfii sida.", "original": "At least six people were killed Monday when a dust storm in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.", "recovered": "At lteas sxi ppeoel wree kleldi Mndaoy whne a dsut stmor in Iliolisn sdyluned mdea it nrlyea ilebomspsi to see on teh shtor stetcrh of hahygiw, oasflcfii sida."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Asurlatia giaedn rveneeg fro treih aongnsgii tow-rnu Aeshs dfaete at teh Brnimhgaim gdonur in 2005 on Tyedaus, wenh terih fsta-blerow citaapn Pta Cniumsm lde hsi sied to irbbelopma vityorc whti an uaneebnt 44.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Asurlatia giaedn rveneeg fro treih aongnsgii tow-rnu Aeshs dfaete at teh Brnimhgaim gdonur in 2005 on Tyedaus, wenh terih fsta-blerow citaapn Pta Cniumsm lde hsi sied to irbbelopma vityorc whti an uaneebnt 44.", "scrambled": "Asurlatia giaedn rveneeg fro treih aongnsgii tow-rnu Aeshs dfaete at teh Brnimhgaim gdonur in 2005 on Tyedaus, wenh terih fsta-blerow citaapn Pta Cniumsm lde hsi sied to irbbelopma vityorc whti an uaneebnt 44.", "original": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising two-run Ashes defeat at the Birmingham ground in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-bowler captain Pat Cummins led his side to improbable victory with an unbeaten 44.", "recovered": "Asurlatia giaedn rveneeg fro treih aongnsgii tow-rnu Aeshs dfaete at teh Brnimhgaim gdonur in 2005 on Tyedaus, wenh terih fsta-blerow citaapn Pta Cniumsm lde hsi sied to irbbelopma vityorc whti an uaneebnt 44."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aauitlnrsa fmir Vwo hsa prvoyuiesl careted lba-grnwo mtea fmor teh cllse of amnilas igciunndl aasplca, bafufol adn kogsanaro, adn ueds DAN fomr teh ecnttxi Iec Aeg spcseei to swho hwo fra teh beuoasndir of ceuurdtl mate mya be peudhs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Aauitlnrsa fmir Vwo hsa prvoyuiesl careted lba-grnwo mtea fmor teh cllse of amnilas igciunndl aasplca, bafufol adn kogsanaro, adn ueds DAN fomr teh ecnttxi Iec Aeg spcseei to swho hwo fra teh beuoasndir of ceuurdtl mate mya be peudhs.", "scrambled": "Aauitlnrsa fmir Vwo hsa prvoyuiesl careted lba-grnwo mtea fmor teh cllse of amnilas igciunndl aasplca, bafufol adn kogsanaro, adn ueds DAN fomr teh ecnttxi Iec Aeg spcseei to swho hwo fra teh beuoasndir of ceuurdtl mate mya be peudhs.", "original": "Australian firm Vow has previously created lab-grown meat from the cells of animals including alpacas, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of cultured meat may be pushed.", "recovered": "Aauitlnrsa fmir Vwo hsa prvoyuiesl careted lba-grnwo mtea fmor teh cllse of amnilas igciunndl aasplca, bafufol adn kogsanaro, adn ueds DAN fomr teh ecnttxi Iec Aeg spcseei to swho hwo fra teh beuoasndir of ceuurdtl mate mya be peudhs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bkayn\u2019s ftsir ofafilic sool eiiiohbtnx in 14 yrase wlli fruetae snsitecl ueds to catree myan of teh gatfrifi attsri\u2019s mtos iicocn wroks fmro assrco hsi crreae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Bkayn\u2019s ftsir ofafilic sool eiiiohbtnx in 14 yrase wlli fruetae snsitecl ueds to catere myan of teh gatfrifi attsri\u2019s mtos iicocn wroks fmro assrco hsi crreae.", "scrambled": "Bkayn\u2019s ftsir ofafilic sool eiiiohbtnx in 14 yrase wlli fruetae snsitecl ueds to catree myan of teh gatfrifi attsri\u2019s mtos iicocn wroks fmro assrco hsi crreae.", "original": "Banky\u2019s first official solo exhibition in 14 years will feature stencils used to create many of the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his career.", "recovered": "Bkayn\u2019s ftsir ofafilic sool eiiiohbtnx in 14 yrase wlli fruetae snsitecl ueds to catere myan of teh gatfrifi attsri\u2019s mtos iicocn wroks fmro assrco hsi crreae."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Beastst wsa cdeneirosd teh frton rnruen fro teh gngo, fro hre relo in Balkc Pranhte: Wdaakan Feorver, btu ltos otu to Eignyvreht Eheevrwyer All at Oenc sart Ctusir, in oen of teh bigetgs uspset of teh ntghi at Sdyuan\u2019s adraws cemenroy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Beastst wsa cdeneirosd teh frton rnruen fro teh gngo, fro hre relo in Balkc Pranhte: Wdaakan Feorver, btu ltos otu to Eignyvreht Eheevrwyer All at Oenc sart Ctusir, in oen of teh bigetgs uspset of teh ntghi at Sdyuan\u2019s adraws cemenroy.", "scrambled": "Beastst wsa cdeneirosd teh frton rnruen fro teh gngo, fro hre relo in Balkc Pranhte: Wdaakan Feorver, btu ltos otu to Eignyvreht Eheevrwyer All at Oenc sart Ctusir, in oen of teh bigetgs uspset of teh ntghi at Sdyuan\u2019s adraws cemenroy.", "original": "Bassett was considered the front runner for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost out to Everything Everywhere All at Once star Curtis, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards ceremony.", "recovered": "Beastst wsa cdeneirosd teh frton rnruen fro teh gngo, fro hre relo in Balkc Pranhte: Wdaakan Feorver, btu ltos otu to Eignyvreht Eheevrwyer All at Oenc sart Ctusir, in oen of teh bigetgs uspset of teh ntghi at Sdyuan\u2019s adraws cemenroy."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Buliemg\u2019s Bleecr clidmae a 18-15 vciytro oerv frou-tiesm wiennr Slyeb in teh Wdorl Skornoe Caphnismpiho flain at Shffleied\u2019s Ccilbreu on Myaodn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Buliemg\u2019s Bleecr clidmae a 18-15 vciytro oerv frou-tiesm wiennr Slyeb in teh Wdorl Skornoe Caphnismpiho flain at Shffleied\u2019s Ccilbreu on Myaodn.", "scrambled": "Buliemg\u2019s Bleecr clidmae a 18-15 vciytro oerv frou-tiesm wiennr Slyeb in teh Wdorl Skornoe Caphnismpiho flain at Shffleied\u2019s Ccilbreu on Myaodn.", "original": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in the World Snooker Championship final at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible on Monday.", "recovered": "Buliemg\u2019s Bleecr clidmae a 18-15 vciytro oerv frou-tiesm wiennr Slyeb in teh Wdorl Skornoe Caphnismpiho flain at Shffleied\u2019s Ccilbreu on Myaodn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Beneewt 14 adn 20 icensh weer dmedup on Shtou Fdoilar ovre a 24-horu pdeori. Teh dounworp coseld shcloso adn Frto Laeduarled\u2019s aritpro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Beneewt 14 adn 20 icensh weer dmedup on Shtou Fdoilar ovre a 24-horu pdeori. Teh dounworp coseld shcloso adn Frto Laeduarled\u2019s aritpro.", "scrambled": "Beneewt 14 adn 20 icensh weer dmedup on Shtou Fdoilar ovre a 24-horu pdeori. Teh dounworp coseld shcloso adn Frto Laeduarled\u2019s aritpro.", "original": "Between 14 and 20 inches were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour closed schools and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "recovered": "Beneewt 14 adn 20 icensh weer dmedup on Shtou Fdoilar ovre a 24-horu pdeori. Teh dounworp coseld shcloso adn Frto Laeduarled\u2019s aritpro."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bndie hetosd Iiannd Pmrei Msnreiti Nradenar Miod at teh Wehti Hseuo on Tyhudras fro a lvsaih, teetnd satet deirnn taht fuaedter a ptnla-beasd meun fro teh gsetu of horno, woh is a veetiarnga.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Bndie hetosd Iiannd Pmrei Msnreiti Nradenar Miod at teh Wehti Hseuo on Tyhudras fro a lvsaih, teetnd satet deirnn taht fuaedter a ptnla-beasd meun fro teh gsetu of horno, woh is a veetiarnga.", "scrambled": "Bndie hetosd Iiannd Pmrei Msnreiti Nradenar Miod at teh Wehti Hseuo on Tyhudras fro a lvsaih, teetnd satet deirnn taht fuaedter a ptnla-beasd meun fro teh gsetu of horno, woh is a veetiarnga.", "original": "Biden hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner that featured a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian.", "recovered": "Bndie hetosd Iiannd Pmrei Msnreiti Nradenar Miod at teh Wehti Hseuo on Tyhudras fro a lvsaih, teetnd satet deirnn taht fuaedter a ptnla-beasd meun fro teh gsetu of horno, woh is a veetiarnga."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bielnnk talreved to Canih fro mniegtse whit tpo ofilascif, ilnguicnd Pdrtsneie Xi Jnngipi. Binnlek is teh ftris US seyacrrte of sttea to vtisi Biinjeg in fvei yrsae, adn hsi tkasl weer snee as a kye lmutis ttes fro whrthee teh tow geoemrntvns cna spto rslneiaot fmro cingoinutn to deetirroeta at a tmei of lengniigr dritstsu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Bielnnk talreved to Canih fro mniegtse whit tpo ofilascif, ilnguicnd Pdrtsneie Xi Jnngipi. Binnlek is teh ftris US seyacrrte of sttea to vtisi Biinjeg in fvei yrsae, adn hsi tkasl weer snee as a kye lmutis ttes fro whrthee teh tow geoemrntvns cna spto rslneiaot fmro cingoinutn to deetirroeta at a tmei of lengniigr dritstsu.", "scrambled": "Bielnnk talreved to Canih fro mniegtse whit tpo ofilascif, ilnguicnd Pdrtsneie Xi Jnngipi. Binnlek is teh ftris US seyacrrte of sttea to vtisi Biinjeg in fvei yrsae, adn hsi tkasl weer snee as a kye lmutis ttes fro whrthee teh tow geoemrntvns cna spto rslneiaot fmro cingoinutn to deetirroeta at a tmei of lengniigr dritstsu.", "original": "Blinken traveled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two governments can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering distrust.", "recovered": "Bielnnk talreved to Canih fro mniegtse whit tpo ofilascif, ilnguicnd Pdrtsneie Xi Jnngipi. Binnlek is teh ftris US seyacrrte of sttea to vtisi Biinjeg in fvei yrsae, adn hsi tkasl weer snee as a kye lmutis ttes fro whrthee teh tow geoemrntvns cna spto rslneiaot fmro cingoinutn to deetirroeta at a tmei of lengniigr dritstsu."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bhto Peinrc Hryar adn Eonlt Jnoh weer in crtuo tshi wkee as a hhig-pfleoir csae aigntas teh pibuhrels of teh Dayil Mlai gtse udrwayen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Bhto Peinrc Hryar adn Eonlt Jnoh weer in crtuo tshi wkee as a hhig-pfleoir csae aigntas teh pibuhrels of teh Dayil Mlai gtse udrwayen.", "scrambled": "Bhto Peinrc Hryar adn Eonlt Jnoh weer in crtuo tshi wkee as a hhig-pfleoir csae aigntas teh pibuhrels of teh Dayil Mlai gtse udrwayen.", "original": "Both Prince Harry and Elton John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets underway.", "recovered": "Bhto Peinrc Hryar adn Eonlt Jnoh weer in crtuo tshi wkee as a hhig-pfleoir csae aigntas teh pibuhrels of teh Dayil Mlai gtse udrwayen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN peorsctj Dcermtoa Dnano Denaeg wlil bcmoee Jclkiasonelv\u2019s ftsir faleem myroa. Thsi mkrsa oynl teh sdnoce tmei in 30 ysaer ttah a Dtmercoa wlil wni teh ofcefi in Foralid\u2019s mtos ppuoosul ciyt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "CNN peorsctj Dcermtoa Dnano Denaeg wlil bcmoee Jclkiasonelv\u2019s ftsir faleem myroa. Thsi mkrsa oynl teh sdnoce tmei in 30 ysaer ttah a Dtmercoa wlil wni teh ofcefi in Foralid\u2019s mtos ppuoosul ciyt.", "scrambled": "CNN peorsctj Dcermtoa Dnano Denaeg wlil bcmoee Jclkiasonelv\u2019s ftsir faleem myroa. Thsi mkrsa oynl teh sdnoce tmei in 30 ysaer ttah a Dtmercoa wlil wni teh ofcefi in Foralid\u2019s mtos ppuoosul ciyt.", "original": "CNN projects Democrat Donna Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.", "recovered": "CNN peorsctj Dcermtoa Dnano Denaeg wlil bcmoee Jclkiasonelv\u2019s ftsir faleem myroa. Thsi mkrsa oynl teh sdnoce tmei in 30 ysaer ttah a Dtmercoa wlil wni teh ofcefi in Foralid\u2019s mtos ppuoosul ciyt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN rcyltnee onadisegr a leiv pemri-tmei twon hlal qoinuste-adn-aswner sisnsoe ftragieun frmore pritdense Dlando Tprmu. In a stgenti fluleed by a sepruopitv adcieune, Tmrpu sifwlyt asusedm crtonol of teh envet. He ftyrelqeun itpeetdrrnu teh mdoaoretr, llenbalgi hre as \u201cntays\u201d, wehil rniairttege csamli of a \u201cregdig\u201d 2020 etnlcoei. Deispet fgncai snniagitifc bkcasalh fro teh bdotarsca, CNN COE Cisrh Lthci eespxdrse hsi uvganrnwie stpurpo fro teh tnow hlla coeptnc. He sida he bielveed htiysro wlil vwie teh nrowkte\u2019s dnsiiceo to iweiventr Tpmru, souurdrnde by cniheegr sorsuteprp, farybvolua. Btu he addde tath he wuldo leik to ievomrp semo prdcnuooit emneetsl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "CNN rcyltnee onadisegr a leiv pemri-tmei twon hlal qoinuste-adn-aswner sisnsoe ftragieun frmore pritdense Dlando Tprmu. In a stgenti fluleed by a sepruopitv adcieune, Tmrpu sifwlyt asusedm crtonol of teh envet. He ftyrelqeun itpeetdrrnu teh mdoaoretr, llenbalgi hre as \u201cntays\u201d, wehil rniairttege csamli of a \u201cregdig\u201d 2020 etnlcoei. Deispet fgncai snniagitifc bkcasalh fro teh bdotarsca, CNN CO", "scrambled": "CNN rcyltnee onadisegr a leiv pemri-tmei twon hlal qoinuste-adn-aswner sisnsoe ftragieun frmore pritdense Dlando Tprmu. In a stgenti fluleed by a sepruopitv adcieune, Tmrpu sifwlyt asusedm crtonol of teh envet. He ftyrelqeun itpeetdrrnu teh mdoaoretr, llenbalgi hre as \u201cntays\u201d, wehil rniairttege csamli of a \u201cregdig\u201d 2020 etnlcoei. Deispet fgncai snniagitifc bkcasalh fro teh bdotarsca, CNN COE Cisrh Lthci eespxdrse hsi uvganrnwie stpurpo fro teh tnow hlla coeptnc. He sida he bielveed htiysro wlil vwie teh nrowkte\u2019s dnsiiceo to iweiventr Tpmru, souurdrnde by cniheegr sorsuteprp, farybvolua. Btu he addde tath he wuldo leik to ievomrp semo prdcnuooit emneetsl.", "original": "CNN recently organised a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. In a setting fuelled by a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. He frequently interrupted the moderator, labelling her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims of a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht expressed his unwavering support for the town hall concept. He said he believed history will view the network\u2019s decision to interview Trump, surrounded by cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that he would like to improve some production elements.", "recovered": "CNN rcyltnee onadisegr a leiv pemri-tmei twon hlal qoinuste-adn-aswner sisnsoe ftragieun frmore pritdense Dlando Tprmu. In a stgenti fluleed by a sepruopitv adcieune, Tmrpu sifwlyt asusedm crtonol of teh envet. He ftyrelqeun itpeetdrrnu teh mdoaoretr, llenbalgi hre as \u201cntays\u201d, wehil rniairttege csamli of a \u201cregdig\u201d 2020 etnlcoei. Deispet fgncai snniagitifc bkcasalh fro teh bdotarsca, CNN CO"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Crioifalna rtdesnie Ncki Slboerte asol uess hsi reodcr-bagrikne tuoneg, wihhc maueress 3.97in (10.1cm), to ptnai purietcs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Crioifalna rtdesnie Ncki Slboerte asol uess hsi reodcr-bagrikne tuoneg, wihhc maueress 3.97in (10.1cm), to ptnai purietcs.", "scrambled": "Crioifalna rtdesnie Ncki Slboerte asol uess hsi reodcr-bagrikne tuoneg, wihhc maueress 3.97in (10.1cm), to ptnai purietcs.", "original": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also uses his record-breaking tongue, which measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "recovered": "Crioifalna rtdesnie Ncki Slboerte asol uess hsi reodcr-bagrikne tuoneg, wihhc maueress 3.97in (10.1cm), to ptnai purietcs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Civaln Cligdoeo wsa bonr in Pmyutloh, Vnetmor, on Jluy 4, 1872.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Civaln Cligdoeo wsa bonr in Pmyutloh, Vnetmor, on Jluy 4, 1872.", "scrambled": "Civaln Cligdoeo wsa bonr in Pmyutloh, Vnetmor, on Jluy 4, 1872.", "original": "Calvin Coolidge was born in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.", "recovered": "Civaln Cligdoeo wsa bonr in Pmyutloh, Vnetmor, on Jluy 4, 1872."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cadaanin Pimre Miesinrt Jituns Tueudra annndueco Weynsdade tath he adn hsi weif Shipoe Grgo\u00e9rei Tderuua aer snpegtaria. Teh Tduauser heav there crnedihl ttrgoehe, all urdne teh aeg of 15.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cadaanin Pimre Miesinrt Jituns Tueudra annndueco Weynsdade tath he adn hsi weif Shipoe Grgo\u00e9rei Tderuua aer snpegtaria. Teh Tduauser heav there crnedihl ttrgoehe, all urdne teh aeg of 15.", "scrambled": "Cadaanin Pimre Miesinrt Jituns Tueudra annndueco Weynsdade tath he adn hsi weif Shipoe Grgo\u00e9rei Tderuua aer snpegtaria. Teh Tduauser heav there crnedihl ttrgoehe, all urdne teh aeg of 15.", "original": "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. The Trudeaus have three children together, all under the age of 15.", "recovered": "Cadaanin Pimre Miesinrt Jituns Tueudra annndueco Weynsdade tath he adn hsi weif Shipoe Grgo\u00e9rei Tderuua aer snpegtaria. Teh Tduauser heav there crnedihl ttrgoehe, all urdne teh aeg of 15."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cdianaan htleah ofsifilac sya teh nwe rlonugitae to lebla eervy ciegraett wthi a wnirnag maeesgs is patr of teh cytnrou\u2019s gloa to dpro nwniaitdeo tacocob ues to lses tanh 5% by 2035.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cdianaan htleah ofsifilac sya teh nwe rlonugitae to lebla eervy ciegraett wthi a wnirnag maeesgs is patr of teh cytnrou\u2019s gloa to dpro nwniaitdeo tacocob ues to lses tanh 5% by 2035.", "scrambled": "Cdianaan htleah ofsifilac sya teh nwe rlonugitae to lebla eervy ciegraett wthi a wnirnag maeesgs is patr of teh cytnrou\u2019s gloa to dpro nwniaitdeo tacocob ues to lses tanh 5% by 2035.", "original": "Canadian health officials say the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message is part of the country\u2019s goal to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035.", "recovered": "Cdianaan htleah ofsifilac sya teh nwe rlonugitae to lebla eervy ciegraett wthi a wnirnag maeesgs is patr of teh cytnrou\u2019s gloa to dpro nwniaitdeo tacocob ues to lses tanh 5% by 2035."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cralo Veecc, a psfrooesr form Nelpas, doseciedrv dnomecuts in teh aecirsvh of Feoerncl whhic swoh tath syotlrh aterf teh atsirt\u2019s bhirt, hsi frateh fdeer a slvea cllade Ciaaetnr \u2013 wdyile aederg to be teh nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mhrtoe btu atbou whmo leltit eesl is kwnno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cralo Veecc, a psfrooesr form Nelpas, doseciedrv dnomecuts in teh aecirsvh of Feoerncl whhic swoh tath syotlrh aterf teh atsirt\u2019s bhirt, hsi frateh fdeer a slvea cllade Ciaaetnr \u2013 wdyile aederg to be teh nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mhrtoe btu atbou whmo leltit eesl is kwnno.", "scrambled": "Cralo Veecc, a psfrooesr form Nelpas, doseciedrv dnomecuts in teh aecirsvh of Feoerncl whhic swoh tath syotlrh aterf teh atsirt\u2019s bhirt, hsi frateh fdeer a slvea cllade Ciaaetnr \u2013 wdyile aederg to be teh nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mhrtoe btu atbou whmo leltit eesl is kwnno.", "original": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show that shortly after the artist\u2019s birth, his father freed a slave called Caterina \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known.", "recovered": "Cralo Veecc, a psfrooesr form Nelpas, doseciedrv dnomecuts in teh aecirsvh of Feoerncl whhic swoh tath syotlrh aterf teh atsirt\u2019s bhirt, hsi frateh fdeer a slvea cllade Ciaaetnr \u2013 wdyile aederg to be teh nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mhrtoe btu atbou whmo leltit eesl is kwnno."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cihkc-fli-A\u2019s fsirt-erve rntsutaare, ldetaoc in teh Gearrenbri Mlla fodo cturo in Aanaltt, is ste to coels. It\u2019s ualecnr wyh teh rtsaeutnra is cgolnis, btu leik myan mlsal, teh Giarrrbnee hsa been sutinrgglg to acttart shesrpop adn kepe ttsenna.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cihkc-fli-A\u2019s fsirt-erve rntsutaare, ldetaoc in teh Gearrenbri Mlla fodo cturo in Aanaltt, is ste to coels. It\u2019s ualecnr wyh teh rtsaeutnra is cgolnis, btu leik myan mlsal, teh Giarrrbnee hsa been sutinrgglg to acttart shesrpop adn kepe ttsenna.", "scrambled": "Cihkc-fli-A\u2019s fsirt-erve rntsutaare, ldetaoc in teh Gearrenbri Mlla fodo cturo in Aanaltt, is ste to coels. It\u2019s ualecnr wyh teh rtsaeutnra is cgolnis, btu leik myan mlsal, teh Giarrrbnee hsa been sutinrgglg to acttart shesrpop adn kepe ttsenna.", "original": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbriar has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants.", "recovered": "Cihkc-fli-A\u2019s fsirt-erve rntsutaare, ldetaoc in teh Gearrenbri Mlla fodo cturo in Aanaltt, is ste to coels. It\u2019s ualecnr wyh teh rtsaeutnra is cgolnis, btu leik myan mlsal, teh Giarrrbnee hsa been sutinrgglg to acttart shesrpop adn kepe ttsenna."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Caihn hsa aegdre a mluiniiboltl-dloral dlea to bidlu an encoricelt edgasrpnpevio fcitaliy on teh indsla ttha culod aowll Bienjgi to esopdevar on US cousomintmican, acridocgn to Teh Wall Setrte Jalnuor. Teh US adn Canbu gesrnvneotm csat sgornt dobut on teh rpreot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Caihn hsa aegdre a mluiniiboltl-dloral dlea to bidlu an encoricelt edgasrpnpevio fcitaliy on teh indsla ttha culod aowll Bienjgi to esopdevar on US cousomintmican, acridocgn to Teh Wall Setrte Jalnuor. Teh US adn Canbu gesrnvneotm csat sgornt dobut on teh rpreot.", "scrambled": "Caihn hsa aegdre a mluiniiboltl-dloral dlea to bidlu an encoricelt edgasrpnpevio fcitaliy on teh indsla ttha culod aowll Bienjgi to esopdevar on US cousomintmican, acridocgn to Teh Wall Setrte Jalnuor. Teh US adn Canbu gesrnvneotm csat sgornt dobut on teh rpreot.", "original": "China has agreed a multibillion-dollar deal to build an electronic eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Cuban governments cast strong doubt on the report.", "recovered": "Caihn hsa aegdre a mluiniiboltl-dloral dlea to bidlu an encoricelt edgasrpnpevio fcitaliy on teh indsla ttha culod aowll Bienjgi to esopdevar on US cousomintmican, acridocgn to Teh Wall Setrte Jalnuor. Teh US adn Canbu gesrnvneotm csat sgornt dobut on teh rpreot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cainh is fylul roiepgnen to fnrioeg vstsiior \u2013 iugidnnlc ttsroisu. Teh cyornut rueesmd inguiss all cegrtoaise of vassi fro fnorserieg on Wndeadsye.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cainh is fylul roiepgnen to fnrioeg vstsiior \u2013 iugidnnlc ttsroisu. Teh cyornut rueesmd inguiss all cegrtoaise of vassi fro fnorserieg on Wndeadsye.", "scrambled": "Cainh is fylul roiepgnen to fnrioeg vstsiior \u2013 iugidnnlc ttsroisu. Teh cyornut rueesmd inguiss all cegrtoaise of vassi fro fnorserieg on Wndeadsye.", "original": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 including tourists. The country resumed issuing all categories of visas for foreigners on Wednesday.", "recovered": "Cainh is fylul roiepgnen to fnrioeg vstsiior \u2013 iugidnnlc ttsroisu. Teh cyornut rueesmd inguiss all cegrtoaise of vassi fro fnorserieg on Wndeadsye."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cihan is pgiuusrn pslan to ldan aotatsunsr on teh lnrua sraecuf brofee 2030.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cihan is pgiuusrn pslan to ldan aotatsunsr on teh lnrua sraecuf brofee 2030.", "scrambled": "Cihan is pgiuusrn pslan to ldan aotatsunsr on teh lnrua sraecuf brofee 2030.", "original": "China is pursuing plans to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030.", "recovered": "Cihan is pgiuusrn pslan to ldan aotatsunsr on teh lnrua sraecuf brofee 2030."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cckols mvedo frworad oen horu. Tyeh wlil flla bcak an huro to srdtndaa tmei on teh fstir Sayndu of Nrbmoeev.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Cckols mvedo frworad oen horu. Tyeh wlil flla bcak an huro to srdtndaa tmei on teh fstir Sayndu of Nrbmoeev.", "scrambled": "Cckols mvedo frworad oen horu. Tyeh wlil flla bcak an huro to srdtndaa tmei on teh fstir Sayndu of Nrbmoeev.", "original": "Clocks moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on the first Sunday of November.", "recovered": "Cckols mvedo frworad oen horu. Tyeh wlil flla bcak an huro to srdtndaa tmei on teh fstir Sayndu of Nrbmoeev."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Co-hstso Nwe Zadelan adn Aasutirla boht kciekd off trihe Wdolr Cpu capamngsi wthi 1-0 vcoeiistr. Nwe Zeaandl\u2019s Foaotbll Fnesr seredcu tireh ftisr erve wni on a glaolb segta by bgietan Nyarow, wiehl Auaaistlr\u2019s Msatiadl brkeo a snodce-hfla dckladeo wthi a diesicev petnayl aasitgn Ribculpe of Iedanrl, woh weer pnagyil at teh ttmruonane fro teh frtis temi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Co-hstso Nwe Zadelan adn Aasutirla boht kciekd off trihe Wdolr Cpu capamngsi wthi 1-0 vcoeiistr. Nwe Zeaandl\u2019s Foaotbll Fnesr seredcu tireh ftisr erve wni on a glaolb segta by bgietan Nyarow, wiehl Auaaistlr\u2019s Msatiadl brkeo a snodce-hfla dckladeo wthi a diesicev petnayl aasitgn Ribculpe of Iedanrl, woh weer pnagyil at teh ttmruonane fro teh frtis temi.", "scrambled": "Co-hstso Nwe Zadelan adn Aasutirla boht kciekd off trihe Wdolr Cpu capamngsi wthi 1-0 vcoeiistr. Nwe Zeaandl\u2019s Foaotbll Fnesr seredcu tireh ftisr erve wni on a glaolb segta by bgietan Nyarow, wiehl Auaaistlr\u2019s Msatiadl brkeo a snodce-hfla dckladeo wthi a diesicev petnayl aasitgn Ribculpe of Iedanrl, woh weer pnagyil at teh ttmruonane fro teh frtis temi.", "original": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaigns with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns secured their first ever win on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a second-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were playing at the tournament for the first time.", "recovered": "Co-hstso Nwe Zadelan adn Aasutirla boht kciekd off trihe Wdolr Cpu capamngsi wthi 1-0 vcoeiistr. Nwe Zeaandl\u2019s Foaotbll Fnesr seredcu tireh ftisr erve wni on a glaolb segta by bgietan Nyarow, wiehl Auaaistlr\u2019s Msatiadl brkeo a snodce-hfla dckladeo wthi a diesicev petnayl aasitgn Ribculpe of Iedanrl, woh weer pnagyil at teh ttmruonane fro teh frtis temi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Crnocsen atbuo eicsth adn tryseacnrapn at teh Srumepe Ctrou hvae bnee rteindgie thsi weke aretf Jcesitu Smaleu Altoi ageoekddncwl aitnndgte a lryuux fiingsh tirp on teh paeirvt jte of a caoivertsevn hgede fudn meanarg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Crnocsen atbuo eicsth adn tryseacnrapn at teh Srumepe Ctrou hvae bnee rteindgie thsi weke aretf Jcesitu Smaleu Altoi ageoekddncwl aitnndgte a lryuux fiingsh tirp on teh paeirvt jte of a caoivertsevn hgede fudn meanarg.", "scrambled": "Crnocsen atbuo eicsth adn tryseacnrapn at teh Srumepe Ctrou hvae bnee rteindgie thsi weke aretf Jcesitu Smaleu Altoi ageoekddncwl aitnndgte a lryuux fiingsh tirp on teh paeirvt jte of a caoivertsevn hgede fudn meanarg.", "original": "Concerns about ethics and transparency at the Supreme Court have been reignited this week after Justice Samuel Alito acknowledged attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund manager.", "recovered": "Crnocsen atbuo eicsth adn tryseacnrapn at teh Srumepe Ctrou hvae bnee rteindgie thsi weke aretf Jcesitu Smaleu Altoi ageoekddncwl aitnndgte a lryuux fiingsh tirp on teh paeirvt jte of a caoivertsevn hgede fudn meanarg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Csneroievvta mbmeser heva csnohe Snsua Hlal as teh payrt\u2019s cdnetaaid to tyr to utanse Siadq Khna in teh 2024 Loondn marloya etcelion. Hlal, wheos paltoliic sagnlo is \u201cSreaf wiht Sasnu\u201d, is onfet an \u201cotopunske ceracatrh\u201d, sida Teh Garianud, \u201clyelki to be sene as an oterdsui\u201d, wthi hre vwsie on caullurt iusess \u201cpcrltmeboai\u201d in a llriaeb-legnain cyit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Csneroievvta mbmeser heva csnohe Snsua Hlal as teh payrt\u2019s cdnetaaid to tyr to utanse Siadq Khna in teh 2024 Loondn marloya etcelion. Hlal, wheos paltoliic sagnlo is \u201cSreaf wiht Sasnu\u201d, is onfet an \u201cotopunske ceracatrh\u201d, sida Teh Garianud, \u201clyelki to be sene as an oterdsui\u201d, wthi hre vwsie on caullurt iusess \u201cpcrltmeboai\u201d in a llriaeb-legnain cyit.", "scrambled": "Csneroievvta mbmeser heva csnohe Snsua Hlal as teh payrt\u2019s cdnetaaid to tyr to utanse Siadq Khna in teh 2024 Loondn marloya etcelion. Hlal, wheos paltoliic sagnlo is \u201cSreaf wiht Sasnu\u201d, is onfet an \u201cotopunske ceracatrh\u201d, sida Teh Garianud, \u201clyelki to be sene as an oterdsui\u201d, wthi hre vwsie on caullurt iusess \u201cpcrltmeboai\u201d in a llriaeb-legnain cyit.", "original": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s candidate to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, whose political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-leaning city.", "recovered": "Csneroievvta mbmeser heva csnohe Snsua Hlal as teh payrt\u2019s cdnetaaid to tyr to utanse Siadq Khna in teh 2024 Loondn marloya etcelion. Hlal, wheos paltoliic sagnlo is \u201cSreaf wiht Sasnu\u201d, is onfet an \u201cotopunske ceracatrh\u201d, sida Teh Garianud, \u201clyelki to be sene as an oterdsui\u201d, wthi hre vwsie on caullurt iusess \u201cpcrltmeboai\u201d in a llriaeb-legnain cyit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ccnyeol Maoch bdeearrl iton Mynmraa\u2019s ctoas dysa aog, cilgsaopnl hseuos, bgnrnigi dnwo thpeneeol peslo adn srevlyee cmroimgsponi ccunootammini lneis in cocnflit-rdkaec Rinakhe satte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ccnyeol Maoch bdeearrl iton Mynmraa\u2019s ctoas dysa aog, cilgsaopnl hseuos, bgnrnigi dnwo thpeneeol peslo adn srevlyee cmroimgsponi ccunootammini lneis in cocnflit-rdkaec Rinakhe satte.", "scrambled": "Ccnyeol Maoch bdeearrl iton Mynmraa\u2019s ctoas dysa aog, cilgsaopnl hseuos, bgnrnigi dnwo thpeneeol peslo adn srevlyee cmroimgsponi ccunootammini lneis in cocnflit-rdkaec Rinakhe satte.", "original": "Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s coast days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-racked Rakhine state.", "recovered": "Ccnyeol Maoch bdeearrl iton Mynmraa\u2019s ctoas dysa aog, cilgsaopnl hseuos, bgnrnigi dnwo thpeneeol peslo adn srevlyee cmroimgsponi ccunootammini lneis in cocnflit-rdkaec Rinakhe satte."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dvadi Rhus, woh arldyea bastso mreo thna 250 Ginseuns Wldro Redrsoc, bcanedal an uerlablm on hsi fenirg fro teerh huros adn 46 mtsienu. Hsi tmei baet teh ctrenur rcdore, sida UIP, btu msut sltli be riewdvee. Fro mroe siteors form teh staerrgn sdei of lfei, snig up to teh Tlla Tleas nwetsertle.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Dvadi Rhus, woh arldyea bastso mreo thna 250 Ginseuns Wldro Redrsoc, bcanedal an uerlablm on hsi fenirg fro teerh huros adn 46 mtsienu. Hsi tmei baet teh ctrenur rcdore, sida UIP, btu msut sltli be riewdvee. Fro mroe siteors form teh staerrgn sdei of lfei, snig up to teh Tlla Tleas nwetsertle.", "scrambled": "Dvadi Rhus, woh arldyea bastso mreo thna 250 Ginseuns Wldro Redrsoc, bcanedal an uerlablm on hsi fenirg fro teerh huros adn 46 mtsienu. Hsi tmei baet teh ctrenur rcdore, sida UIP, btu msut sltli be riewdvee. Fro mroe siteors form teh staerrgn sdei of lfei, snig up to teh Tlla Tleas nwetsertle.", "original": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Dvadi Rhus, woh arldyea bastso mreo thna 250 Ginseuns Wldro Redrsoc, bcanedal an uerlablm on hsi fenirg fro teerh huros adn 46 mtsienu. Hsi tmei baet teh ctrenur rcdore, sida UIP, btu msut sltli be riewdvee. Fro mroe siteors form teh staerrgn sdei of lfei, snig up to teh Tlla Tleas nwetsertle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: DnsitaSe mdae hsi fistr cgapinma aaperncaep in Ioaw, werhe he pldgede to tkae on Whtsagionn inedriss adn do meor fro Ascaremin thna hsi GPO rivla, foermr Pteidrens Dlnoda Tmrup.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "DnsitaSe mdae hsi fistr cgapinma aaperncaep in Ioaw, werhe he pldgede to tkae on Whtsagionn inedriss adn do meor fro Ascaremin thna hsi GPO rivla, foermr Pteidrens Dlnoda Tmrup.", "scrambled": "DnsitaSe mdae hsi fistr cgapinma aaperncaep in Ioaw, werhe he pldgede to tkae on Whtsagionn inedriss adn do meor fro Ascaremin thna hsi GPO rivla, foermr Pteidrens Dlnoda Tmrup.", "original": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to take on Washington insiders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival, former President Donald Trump.", "recovered": "DnsitaSe mdae hsi fistr cgapinma aaperncaep in Ioaw, werhe he pldgede to tkae on Whtsagionn inedriss adn do meor fro Ascaremin thna hsi GPO rivla, foermr Pteidrens Dlnoda Tmrup."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dlea htrnesu aer prpnergia teslmevhes fro Bde, Bhta & Bneydo\u2019s mmmhato gongi-otu-of-bsiussne sela.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Dlea htrnesu aer prpnergia teslmevhes fro Bde, Bhta & Bneydo\u2019s mmmhato gongi-otu-of-bsiussne sela.", "scrambled": "Dlea htrnesu aer prpnergia teslmevhes fro Bde, Bhta & Bneydo\u2019s mmmhato gongi-otu-of-bsiussne sela.", "original": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-out-of-business sale.", "recovered": "Dlea htrnesu aer prpnergia teslmevhes fro Bde, Bhta & Bneydo\u2019s mmmhato gongi-otu-of-bsiussne sela."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dieepst stheaowm ntevaieg rwieesv, Scktrsuba is bgiirnng ist crlnsaetoviro oveli oli cffeoe to meor cistie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Dieepst stheaowm ntevaieg rwieesv, Scktrsuba is bgiirnng ist crlnsaetoviro oveli oli cffeoe to meor cistie.", "scrambled": "Dieepst stheaowm ntevaieg rwieesv, Scktrsuba is bgiirnng ist crlnsaetoviro oveli oli cffeoe to meor cistie.", "original": "Despite somewhat negative reviews, Starbucks is bringing its controversial olive oil coffee to more cities.", "recovered": "Dieepst stheaowm ntevaieg rwieesv, Scktrsuba is bgiirnng ist crlnsaetoviro oveli oli cffeoe to meor cistie."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Diegsnavtat fdlogoin is rinippg trghhou susotewht Cnhai, wiht sverael aesar isgnius teh hhsgtei lelve of wnaingrs to ectaeauv. Csoernnc aer mningtou taht teh fdolos wlil hvae a dgvtnieaats imtpca on csrop in teh rgoeni.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Diegsnavtat fdlogoin is rinippg trghhou susotewht Cnhai, wiht sverael aesar isgnius teh hhsgtei lelve of wnaingrs to ectaeauv. Csoernnc aer mningtou taht teh fdolos wlil hvae a dgvtnieaats imtpca on csrop in teh rgoeni.", "scrambled": "Diegsnavtat fdlogoin is rinippg trghhou susotewht Cnhai, wiht sverael aesar isgnius teh hhsgtei lelve of wnaingrs to ectaeauv. Csoernnc aer mningtou taht teh fdolos wlil hvae a dgvtnieaats imtpca on csrop in teh rgoeni.", "original": "Devastating flooding is ripping through southwest China, with several areas issuing the highest level of warnings to evacuate. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.", "recovered": "Diegsnavtat fdlogoin is rinippg trghhou susotewht Cnhai, wiht sverael aesar isgnius teh hhsgtei lelve of wnaingrs to ectaeauv. Csoernnc aer mningtou taht teh fdolos wlil hvae a dgvtnieaats imtpca on csrop in teh rgoeni."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dsieyn hsa cedsae rlseegain ist fmisl or TV swhso on paycsilh mdaie foatmrs in Ailaasrut, fogolwlin a stpee dceelin in ssael of DDsV, Bul-ryas adn teh leik as sentimarg siersvce boemce ieaicygnsnlr pluaorp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Dsieyn hsa cedsae rlseegain ist fmisl or TV swhso on paycsilh mdaie foatmrs in Ailaasrut, fogolwlin a stpee dceelin in ssael of DDsV, Bul-ryas adn teh leik as sentimarg siersvce boemce ieaicygnsnlr pluaorp.", "scrambled": "Dsieyn hsa cedsae rlseegain ist fmisl or TV swhso on paycsilh mdaie foatmrs in Ailaasrut, fogolwlin a stpee dceelin in ssael of DDsV, Bul-ryas adn teh leik as sentimarg siersvce boemce ieaicygnsnlr pluaorp.", "original": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV shows on physical media formats in Australia, following a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Blu-rays and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular.", "recovered": "Dsieyn hsa cedsae rlseegain ist fmisl or TV swhso on paycsilh mdaie foatmrs in Ailaasrut, fogolwlin a stpee dceelin in ssael of DDsV, Bul-ryas adn teh leik as sentimarg siersvce boemce ieaicygnsnlr pluaorp."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dallro Tree, wihch sslel msto ptrcuosd fro $1.25, wlil spot sneglli egsg bsaueec teh cnyopam cna\u2019t mkea meoyn ofnigfre tmhe at flta pcseir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Dallro Tree, wihch sslel msto ptrcuosd fro $1.25, wlil spot sneglli egsg bsaueec teh cnyopam cna\u2019t mkea meoyn ofnigfre tmhe at flta pcseir.", "scrambled": "Dallro Tree, wihch sslel msto ptrcuosd fro $1.25, wlil spot sneglli egsg bsaueec teh cnyopam cna\u2019t mkea meoyn ofnigfre tmhe at flta pcseir.", "original": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at flat prices.", "recovered": "Dallro Tree, wihch sslel msto ptrcuosd fro $1.25, wlil spot sneglli egsg bsaueec teh cnyopam cna\u2019t mkea meoyn ofnigfre tmhe at flta pcseir."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dngniow Srttee hsa dsidmssie Sainp\u2019s dmnaed to oervsee cnrootl of Gbialtrra\u2019s aptoirr, wcihh is tlhyielnacc on an RFA beas dpeteis ligyn on a nowrra srtecth of ldan beetnwe Gtrliabra adn teh Spihsna ftroeinr. Teh EU is csnrdgnieoi algwnlio teh Bsiihtr oaseresv trroyteri \u2013 whchi vdote to remnai in teh bclo \u2013 to jino teh Senehcng cmnmoo trvael aare.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Dngniow Srttee hsa dsidmssie Sainp\u2019s dmnaed to oervsee cnrootl of Gbialtrra\u2019s aptoirr, wcihh is tlhyielnacc on an RFA beas dpeteis ligyn on a nowrra srtecth of ldan beetnwe Gtrliabra adn teh Spihsna ftroeinr. Teh EU is csnrdgnieoi algwnlio teh Bsiihtr oaseresv trroyteri \u2013 whchi vdote to remnai in teh bclo \u2013 to jino teh Senehcng cmnmoo trvael aare.", "scrambled": "Dngniow Srttee hsa dsidmssie Sainp\u2019s dmnaed to oervsee cnrootl of Gbialtrra\u2019s aptoirr, wcihh is tlhyielnacc on an RFA beas dpeteis ligyn on a nowrra srtecth of ldan beetnwe Gtrliabra adn teh Spihsna ftroeinr. Teh EU is csnrdgnieoi algwnlio teh Bsiihtr oaseresv trroyteri \u2013 whchi vdote to remnai in teh bclo \u2013 to jino teh Senehcng cmnmoo trvael aare.", "original": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of Gibraltar\u2019s airport, which is technically on an RAF base despite lying on a narrow stretch of land between Gibraltar and the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the British overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the bloc \u2013 to join the Schengen common travel area.", "recovered": "Dngniow Srttee hsa dsidmssie Sainp\u2019s dmnaed to oervsee cnrootl of Gbialtrra\u2019s aptoirr, wcihh is tlhyielnacc on an RFA beas dpeteis ligyn on a nowrra srtecth of ldan beetnwe Gtrliabra adn teh Spihsna ftroeinr. Teh EU is csnrdgnieoi algwnlio teh Bsiihtr oaseresv trroyteri \u2013 whchi vdote to remnai in teh bclo \u2013 to jino teh Senehcng cmnmoo trvael aare."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Deu to frei tetrsha adn emrinnltoevan ccrnesno, Stal Lkea Ciyt, Uaht, tierd an avlneiettar wya of clbrgnaeite Icnedeenedpn Dya wiht ist fsrit-eerv doner sowh. Wthca smeo of teh orhet dnzaizlg cerbitlesoan ttah tkoo pecla acsrso Airaemc hree.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Deu to frei tetrsha adn emrinnltoevan ccrnesno, Stal Lkea Ciyt, Uaht, tierd an avlneiettar wya of clbrgnaeite Icnedeenedpn Dya wiht ist fsrit-eerv doner sowh. Wthca smeo of teh orhet dnzaizlg cerbitlesoan ttah tkoo pecla acsrso Airaemc hree.", "scrambled": "Deu to frei tetrsha adn emrinnltoevan ccrnesno, Stal Lkea Ciyt, Uaht, tierd an avlneiettar wya of clbrgnaeite Icnedeenedpn Dya wiht ist fsrit-eerv doner sowh. Wthca smeo of teh orhet dnzaizlg cerbitlesoan ttah tkoo pecla acsrso Airaemc hree.", "original": "Due to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling celebrations that took place across America here.", "recovered": "Deu to frei tetrsha adn emrinnltoevan ccrnesno, Stal Lkea Ciyt, Uaht, tierd an avlneiettar wya of clbrgnaeite Icnedeenedpn Dya wiht ist fsrit-eerv doner sowh. Wthca smeo of teh orhet dnzaizlg cerbitlesoan ttah tkoo pecla acsrso Airaemc hree."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Deu to hhig dmenda fro teh ldmeiit-eiitndo Rraybpsre Ryall cikeoo, scstou adn psrtaen weer fterleynuq frdeoc to eplxnia teh shoetgar to aneyond srppsoeh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Deu to hhig dmenda fro teh ldmeiit-eiitndo Rraybpsre Ryall cikeoo, scstou adn psrtaen weer fterleynuq frdeoc to eplxnia teh shoetgar to aneyond srppsoeh.", "scrambled": "Deu to hhig dmenda fro teh ldmeiit-eiitndo Rraybpsre Ryall cikeoo, scstou adn psrtaen weer fterleynuq frdeoc to eplxnia teh shoetgar to aneyond srppsoeh.", "original": "Due to high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Rally cookie, scouts and parents were frequently forced to explain the shortage to annoyed shoppers.", "recovered": "Deu to hhig dmenda fro teh ldmeiit-eiitndo Rraybpsre Ryall cikeoo, scstou adn psrtaen weer fterleynuq frdeoc to eplxnia teh shoetgar to aneyond srppsoeh."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ed Snhraee tkoo teh sdtan tish weke in a hghi-ploiefr cyigorhtp tairl abtou whereth hsi smhsa sgenli \u201cThnkiing Otu Ludo\u201d cdpoei Mrnaiv Geay\u2019s hti \u201cLte\u2019s Gte It On.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ed Snhraee tkoo teh sdtan tish weke in a hghi-ploiefr cyigorhtp tairl abtou whereth hsi smhsa sgenli \u201cThnkiing Otu Ludo\u201d cdpoei Mrnaiv Geay\u2019s hti \u201cLte\u2019s Gte It On.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Ed Snhraee tkoo teh sdtan tish weke in a hghi-ploiefr cyigorhtp tairl abtou whereth hsi smhsa sgenli \u201cThnkiing Otu Ludo\u201d cdpoei Mrnaiv Geay\u2019s hti \u201cLte\u2019s Gte It On.\u201d.", "original": "Ed Sheeran took the stand this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether his smash single \u201cThinking Out Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "recovered": "Ed Snhraee tkoo teh sdtan tish weke in a hghi-ploiefr cyigorhtp tairl abtou whereth hsi smhsa sgenli \u201cThnkiing Otu Ludo\u201d cdpoei Mrnaiv Geay\u2019s hti \u201cLte\u2019s Gte It On.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Egsg hda teh mots damairct daceseer, wthi a nryael 11% deecinl. Tsih cmeos arfte egg psceir srdoae in pvusreoi mohsnt prmyrliia deu to aainv ful, whchi cdrtoniesan sylpup.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Egsg hda teh mots damairct daceseer, wthi a nryael 11% deecinl. Tsih cmeos arfte egg psceir srdoae in pvusreoi mohsnt prmyrliia deu to aainv ful, whchi cdrtoniesan sylpup.", "scrambled": "Egsg hda teh mots damairct daceseer, wthi a nryael 11% deecinl. Tsih cmeos arfte egg psceir srdoae in pvusreoi mohsnt prmyrliia deu to aainv ful, whchi cdrtoniesan sylpup.", "original": "Eggs had the most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg prices soared in previous months primarily due to avian flu, which constrained supply.", "recovered": "Egsg hda teh mots damairct daceseer, wthi a nryael 11% deecinl. Tsih cmeos arfte egg psceir srdoae in pvusreoi mohsnt prmyrliia deu to aainv ful, whchi cdrtoniesan sylpup."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Epygt\u2019s Miisntyr of Troumsi adn Anusqeittii redaslee a snmeettat eigpsnhaism taht \u201cQeenu Colapraet hda lthig skni adn Hltnlesiiec (Grkee) fueartse\u201d, adn cgiiisnictr Nilftxe fro cigtsan Btrihis aroct Adlee Jsmae, woh \u201cpssseoess Ainrfac fsaretue adn drka snki\u201d. Fndi otu mero on teh lsatet episeod of Teh Week Uedwparpn ptdcsoa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Epygt\u2019s Miisntyr of Troumsi adn Anusqeittii redaslee a snmeettat eigpsnhaism taht \u201cQeenu Colapraet hda lthig skni adn Hltnlesiiec (Grkee) fueartse\u201d, adn cgiiisnictr Nilftxe fro cigtsan Btrihis aroct Adlee Jsmae, woh \u201cpssseoess Ainrfac fsaretue adn drka snki\u201d. Fndi otu mero on teh lsatet episeod of Teh Week Uedwparpn ptdcsoa.", "scrambled": "Epygt\u2019s Miisntyr of Troumsi adn Anusqeittii redaslee a snmeettat eigpsnhaism taht \u201cQeenu Colapraet hda lthig skni adn Hltnlesiiec (Grkee) fueartse\u201d, adn cgiiisnictr Nilftxe fro cigtsan Btrihis aroct Adlee Jsmae, woh \u201cpssseoess Ainrfac fsaretue adn drka snki\u201d. Fndi otu mero on teh lsatet episeod of Teh Week Uedwparpn ptdcsoa.", "original": "Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, and criticising Netflix for casting British actor Adele James, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Epygt\u2019s Miisntyr of Troumsi adn Anusqeittii redaslee a snmeettat eigpsnhaism taht \u201cQeenu Colapraet hda lthig skni adn Hltnlesiiec (Grkee) fueartse\u201d, adn cgiiisnictr Nilftxe fro cigtsan Btrihis aroct Adlee Jsmae, woh \u201cpssseoess Ainrfac fsaretue adn drka snki\u201d. Fndi otu mero on teh lsatet episeod of Teh Week Uedwparpn ptdcsoa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eseadgnl epixeadln on hsi weibset ttha he sdtbtiume teh backl-adn-wtehi iaemg \u201cas a ckyeeh myekno, to fndi otu if teh cometsopinti aer pepearrd fro AI igaems to ernet\u201d. He cduedcoln: \u201cThye aer nto.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eseadgnl epixeadln on hsi weibset ttha he sdtbtiume teh backl-adn-wtehi iaemg \u201cas a ckyeeh myekno, to fndi otu if teh cometsopinti aer pepearrd fro AI igaems to ernet\u201d. He cduedcoln: \u201cThye aer nto.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Eseadgnl epixeadln on hsi weibset ttha he sdtbtiume teh backl-adn-wtehi iaemg \u201cas a ckyeeh myekno, to fndi otu if teh cometsopinti aer pepearrd fro AI igaems to ernet\u201d. He cduedcoln: \u201cThye aer nto.\u201d.", "original": "Eldagsen explained on his website that he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a cheeky monkey, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images to enter\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d.", "recovered": "Eseadgnl epixeadln on hsi weibset ttha he sdtbtiume teh backl-adn-wtehi iaemg \u201cas a ckyeeh myekno, to fndi otu if teh cometsopinti aer pepearrd fro AI igaems to ernet\u201d. He cduedcoln: \u201cThye aer nto.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eoln Msku hsa lida off mroe tnha 6,000 ppoeel at Ttrewti sncei tiagkn oevr teh caonypm, he siad in an ieteriwnv tshi wkee. Teh rotcdieun eeaustq to ruylgoh 80% of teh cmaynop\u2019s saftf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eoln Msku hsa lida off mroe tnha 6,000 ppoeel at Ttrewti sncei tiagkn oevr teh caonypm, he siad in an ieteriwnv tshi wkee. Teh rotcdieun eeaustq to ruylgoh 80% of teh cmaynop\u2019s saftf.", "scrambled": "Eoln Msku hsa lida off mroe tnha 6,000 ppoeel at Ttrewti sncei tiagkn oevr teh caonypm, he siad in an ieteriwnv tshi wkee. Teh rotcdieun eeaustq to ruylgoh 80% of teh cmaynop\u2019s saftf.", "original": "Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "recovered": "Eoln Msku hsa lida off mroe tnha 6,000 ppoeel at Ttrewti sncei tiagkn oevr teh caonypm, he siad in an ieteriwnv tshi wkee. Teh rotcdieun eeaustq to ruylgoh 80% of teh cmaynop\u2019s saftf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Etonl Jnho\u2019s falin turo cmea to an edn wthi a perfnoearcm in Stkhocoml, Sdeewn, tshi mothn. Ltinse to teh hlarfttee msagese he saehdr wtih hsi fasn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Etonl Jnho\u2019s falin turo cmea to an edn wthi a perfnoearcm in Stkhocoml, Sdeewn, tshi mothn. Ltinse to teh hlarfttee msagese he saehdr wtih hsi fasn.", "scrambled": "Etonl Jnho\u2019s falin turo cmea to an edn wthi a perfnoearcm in Stkhocoml, Sdeewn, tshi mothn. Ltinse to teh hlarfttee msagese he saehdr wtih hsi fasn.", "original": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an end with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans.", "recovered": "Etonl Jnho\u2019s falin turo cmea to an edn wthi a perfnoearcm in Stkhocoml, Sdeewn, tshi mothn. Ltinse to teh hlarfttee msagese he saehdr wtih hsi fasn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eegnsnier adn steiincsst at teh Bsiriht eniggeiennr gntai aer aniimg to ceaert a smlal adn lhitgeghwti nracelu mcoir-raetorc to pevdoir poerw ndeede fro hsanmu to liev adn wkor on teh Mnoo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eegnsnier adn steiincsst at teh Bsiriht eniggeiennr gntai aer aniimg to ceaert a smlal adn lhitgeghwti nracelu mcoir-raetorc to pevdoir poerw ndeede fro hsanmu to liev adn wkor on teh Mnoo.", "scrambled": "Eegnsnier adn steiincsst at teh Bsiriht eniggeiennr gntai aer aniimg to ceaert a smlal adn lhitgeghwti nracelu mcoir-raetorc to pevdoir poerw ndeede fro hsanmu to liev adn wkor on teh Mnoo.", "original": "Engineers and scientists at the British engineering giant are aiming to create a small and lightweight nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon.", "recovered": "Eegnsnier adn steiincsst at teh Bsiriht eniggeiennr gntai aer aniimg to ceaert a smlal adn lhitgeghwti nracelu mcoir-raetorc to pevdoir poerw ndeede fro hsanmu to liev adn wkor on teh Mnoo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eaovinnrmelnt lyawre adn atin-vancice atcivtsi Rteorb F. Keydnne Jr. hsa fledi peorrkpwa to rnu fro pndiertse in 2024 as a Daeomrtc. Teh 69-yare-odl is teh sno of foerrm Nwe Ykro soraent, US attrnoey gernael adn assesdasanit 1968 pisaendrliet cedaidant Roretb F. Keednyn adn teh newphe of teh leat Pisdetren Jnoh F. Keyennd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eaovinnrmelnt lyawre adn atin-vancice atcivtsi Rteorb F. Keydnne Jr. hsa fledi peorrkpwa to rnu fro pndiertse in 2024 as a Daeomrtc. Teh 69-yare-odl is teh sno of foerrm Nwe Ykro soraent, US attrnoey gernael adn assesdasanit 1968 pisaendrliet cedaidant Roretb F. Keednyn adn teh newphe of teh leat Pisdetren Jnoh F. Keyennd.", "scrambled": "Eaovinnrmelnt lyawre adn atin-vancice atcivtsi Rteorb F. Keydnne Jr. hsa fledi peorrkpwa to rnu fro pndiertse in 2024 as a Daeomrtc. Teh 69-yare-odl is teh sno of foerrm Nwe Ykro soraent, US attrnoey gernael adn assesdasanit 1968 pisaendrliet cedaidant Roretb F. Keednyn adn teh newphe of teh leat Pisdetren Jnoh F. Keyennd.", "original": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy.", "recovered": "Eaovinnrmelnt lyawre adn atin-vancice atcivtsi Rteorb F. Keydnne Jr. hsa fledi peorrkpwa to rnu fro pndiertse in 2024 as a Daeomrtc. Teh 69-yare-odl is teh sno of foerrm Nwe Ykro soraent, US attrnoey gernael adn assesdasanit 1968 pisaendrliet cedaidant Roretb F. Keednyn adn teh newphe of teh leat Pisdetren Jnoh F. Keyennd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eattes anetg Fhreis Cropoe hsa sehlads \u00a350,000 off teh oirialng \u00a3300,000 angkis pcier fro 3 Bmoeaolr Ctsoagte, wchhi ins\u2019t acbiseecsl by cra adn is svene mlsie fmro teh nratese tonw, Itgolenn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eattes anetg Fhreis Cropoe hsa sehlads \u00a350,000 off teh oirialng \u00a3300,000 angkis pcier fro 3 Bmoeaolr Ctsoagte, wchhi ins\u2019t acbiseecsl by cra adn is svene mlsie fmro teh nratese tonw, Itgolenn.", "scrambled": "Eattes anetg Fhreis Cropoe hsa sehlads \u00a350,000 off teh oirialng \u00a3300,000 angkis pcier fro 3 Bmoeaolr Ctsoagte, wchhi ins\u2019t acbiseecsl by cra adn is svene mlsie fmro teh nratese tonw, Itgolenn.", "original": "Estate agent Fisher Cooper has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton.", "recovered": "Eattes anetg Fhreis Cropoe hsa sehlads \u00a350,000 off teh oirialng \u00a3300,000 angkis pcier fro 3 Bmoeaolr Ctsoagte, wchhi ins\u2019t acbiseecsl by cra adn is svene mlsie fmro teh nratese tonw, Itgolenn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Easriuna bsvaree were huetdn to eitxnnoict in Biirtna in teh 16th cntyrue, btu a begirden pria will be rncieddtuoer to wdntlsae in Eingal tish smurem in a bdi to hlep tklcae cieatlm cahgen by poitorgmn a beeisirodv emsctsoey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Easriuna bsvaree were huetdn to eitxnnoict in Biirtna in teh 16th cntyrue, btu a begirden pria will be rncieddtuoer to wdntlsae in Eingal tish smurem in a bdi to hlep tklcae cieatlm cahgen by poitorgmn a beeisirodv emsctsoey.", "scrambled": "Easriuna bsvaree were huetdn to eitxnnoict in Biirtna in teh 16th cntyrue, btu a begirden pria will be rncieddtuoer to wdntlsae in Eingal tish smurem in a bdi to hlep tklcae cieatlm cahgen by poitorgmn a beeisirodv emsctsoey.", "original": "Eurasian beavers were hunted to extinction in Britain in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.", "recovered": "Easriuna bsvaree were huetdn to eitxnnoict in Biirtna in teh 16th cntyrue, btu a begirden pria will be rncieddtuoer to wdntlsae in Eingal tish smurem in a bdi to hlep tklcae cieatlm cahgen by poitorgmn a beeisirodv emsctsoey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Evre seicn teh 2011 taumisn deyostedr teh Fmuhkuasi nueracl pntal, Jaanp hsa bene pumnigp wreta iotn teh stei to colo teh rtceroa\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 cingnattonami 130,000 leirts a dya. Nwo, teh gvornnteme pnlas to reeales a mnillio mietrc tsno of tish ttaeder rdvaiaoeict wtrea iton teh oeanc, \u201ceonhug to flli 500 Oilcmpy-szei sgnmiwim poslo\u201d, to itnnese oipntisopo fomr Cnaih adn myna Piafcic idslnas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Evre seicn teh 2011 taumisn deyostedr teh Fmuhkuasi nueracl pntal, Jaanp hsa bene pumnigp wreta iotn teh stei to colo teh rtceroa\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 cingnattonami 130,000 leirts a dya. Nwo, teh gvornnteme pnlas to reeales a mnillio mietrc tsno of tish ttaeder rdvaiaoeict wtrea iton teh oeanc, \u201ceonhug to flli 500 Oilcmpy-szei sgnmiwim poslo\u201d, to itnnese oipntisopo fomr Cnaih adn myn", "scrambled": "Evre seicn teh 2011 taumisn deyostedr teh Fmuhkuasi nueracl pntal, Jaanp hsa bene pumnigp wreta iotn teh stei to colo teh rtceroa\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 cingnattonami 130,000 leirts a dya. Nwo, teh gvornnteme pnlas to reeales a mnillio mietrc tsno of tish ttaeder rdvaiaoeict wtrea iton teh oeanc, \u201ceonhug to flli 500 Oilcmpy-szei sgnmiwim poslo\u201d, to itnnese oipntisopo fomr Cnaih adn myna Piafcic idslnas.", "original": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 contaminating 130,000 litres a day. Now, the government plans to release a million metric tons of this treated radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense opposition from China and many Pacific islands.", "recovered": "Evre seicn teh 2011 taumisn deyostedr teh Fmuhkuasi nueracl pntal, Jaanp hsa bene pumnigp wreta iotn teh stei to colo teh rtceroa\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 cingnattonami 130,000 leirts a dya. Nwo, teh gvornnteme pnlas to reeales a mnillio mietrc tsno of tish ttaeder rdvaiaoeict wtrea iton teh oeanc, \u201ceonhug to flli 500 Oilcmpy-szei sgnmiwim poslo\u201d, to itnnese oipntisopo fomr Cnaih adn myn"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Epxesrt frea ttha TB resrstnepe a \u201ctcgkiin toibmmeb\u201d, aidm sinrgoa iteicnonf adn dheat rsate. Lsttea fieugsr stseugg taht teh dssieae kldiel ardnuo 4,400 pleope a dya wrldoeidw in 2021.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Epxesrt frea ttha TB resrstnepe a \u201ctcgkiin toibmmeb\u201d, aidm sinrgoa iteicnonf adn dheat rsate. Lsttea fieugsr stseugg taht teh dssieae kldiel ardnuo 4,400 pleope a dya wrldoeidw in 2021.", "scrambled": "Epxesrt frea ttha TB resrstnepe a \u201ctcgkiin toibmmeb\u201d, aidm sinrgoa iteicnonf adn dheat rsate. Lsttea fieugsr stseugg taht teh dssieae kldiel ardnuo 4,400 pleope a dya wrldoeidw in 2021.", "original": "Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amid soaring infection and death rates. Latest figures suggest that the disease killed around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "recovered": "Epxesrt frea ttha TB resrstnepe a \u201ctcgkiin toibmmeb\u201d, aidm sinrgoa iteicnonf adn dheat rsate. Lsttea fieugsr stseugg taht teh dssieae kldiel ardnuo 4,400 pleope a dya wrldoeidw in 2021."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eresptx sya Aiensarmc aer tgippni less \u2013 olyn anudor 16% \u2013 at qiukc-sevreci emhtsebsiasnlt bcuesea teyh flee oemeredwvhl by opntios to tpi wthi a crda on a toeescchrun, lgenadi poeelp to be lses gurneeso.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Eresptx sya Aiensarmc aer tgippni less \u2013 olyn anudor 16% \u2013 at qiukc-sevreci emhtsebsiasnlt bcuesea teyh flee oemeredwvhl by opntios to tpi wthi a crda on a toeescchrun, lgenadi poeelp to be lses gurneeso.", "scrambled": "Eresptx sya Aiensarmc aer tgippni less \u2013 olyn anudor 16% \u2013 at qiukc-sevreci emhtsebsiasnlt bcuesea teyh flee oemeredwvhl by opntios to tpi wthi a crda on a toeescchrun, lgenadi poeelp to be lses gurneeso.", "original": "Experts say Americans are tipping less \u2013 only around 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed by options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people to be less generous.", "recovered": "Eresptx sya Aiensarmc aer tgippni less \u2013 olyn anudor 16% \u2013 at qiukc-sevreci emhtsebsiasnlt bcuesea teyh flee oemeredwvhl by opntios to tpi wthi a crda on a toeescchrun, lgenadi poeelp to be lses gurneeso."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fceokoba urses woh hda an aecivt ancutco bteween Mya 2007 adn Dberemec 2022 cna nwo alpyp fro a srhae of teh copnyma\u2019s $725 mliolin sementtlte rdeceha in a moajr dtaa pyrvcia slcaadn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fceokoba urses woh hda an aecivt ancutco bteween Mya 2007 adn Dberemec 2022 cna nwo alpyp fro a srhae of teh copnyma\u2019s $725 mliolin sementtlte rdeceha in a moajr dtaa pyrvcia slcaadn.", "scrambled": "Fceokoba urses woh hda an aecivt ancutco bteween Mya 2007 adn Dberemec 2022 cna nwo alpyp fro a srhae of teh copnyma\u2019s $725 mliolin sementtlte rdeceha in a moajr dtaa pyrvcia slcaadn.", "original": "Facebook users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement reached in a major data privacy scandal.", "recovered": "Fceokoba urses woh hda an aecivt ancutco bteween Mya 2007 adn Dberemec 2022 cna nwo alpyp fro a srhae of teh copnyma\u2019s $725 mliolin sementtlte rdeceha in a moajr dtaa pyrvcia slcaadn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fasn wdleirdwo hvae bene pgniya teirtbu to teh Brihits densgrie, woh poderenie teh mktisirin. \u201cOlny teh Besaetl aer meor cleoysl tedi to teh lngede tath is Ldnoon\u2019s snwiigng 60s tnah Mrya Qatnu,\u201d sdai Teh Gnaduari.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fasn wdleirdwo hvae bene pgniya teirtbu to teh Brihits densgrie, woh poderenie teh mktisirin. \u201cOlny teh Besaetl aer meor cleoysl tedi to teh lngede tath is Ldnoon\u2019s snwiigng 60s tnah Mrya Qatnu,\u201d sdai Teh Gnaduari.", "scrambled": "Fasn wdleirdwo hvae bene pgniya teirtbu to teh Brihits densgrie, woh poderenie teh mktisirin. \u201cOlny teh Besaetl aer meor cleoysl tedi to teh lngede tath is Ldnoon\u2019s snwiigng 60s tnah Mrya Qatnu,\u201d sdai Teh Gnaduari.", "original": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who pioneered the miniskirt. \u201cOnly the Beatles are more closely tied to the legend that is London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.", "recovered": "Fasn wdleirdwo hvae bene pgniya teirtbu to teh Brihits densgrie, woh poderenie teh mktisirin. \u201cOlny teh Besaetl aer meor cleoysl tedi to teh lngede tath is Ldnoon\u2019s snwiigng 60s tnah Mrya Qatnu,\u201d sdai Teh Gnaduari."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Finndal, Demkanr adn Icnaedl rdknae histheg in teh UN\u2019s Wrodl Hsepinpas Rtreop, bseda on dtaa frmo teh Gplalu Wrldo Pllo. Baitinr doepdrp tow pslaec to 19th in teh iexdn, whlie Lenboan adn Aaatnfisghn were nmdae as teh uistenahpp nsoaitn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Finndal, Demkanr adn Icnaedl rdknae histheg in teh UN\u2019s Wrodl Hsepinpas Rtreop, bseda on dtaa frmo teh Gplalu Wrldo Pllo. Baitinr doepdrp tow pslaec to 19th in teh iexdn, whlie Lenboan adn Aaatnfisghn were nmdae as teh uistenahpp nsoaitn.", "scrambled": "Finndal, Demkanr adn Icnaedl rdknae histheg in teh UN\u2019s Wrodl Hsepinpas Rtreop, bseda on dtaa frmo teh Gplalu Wrldo Pllo. Baitinr doepdrp tow pslaec to 19th in teh iexdn, whlie Lenboan adn Aaatnfisghn were nmdae as teh uistenahpp nsoaitn.", "original": "Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped two places to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest nations.", "recovered": "Finndal, Demkanr adn Icnaedl rdknae histheg in teh UN\u2019s Wrodl Hsepinpas Rtreop, bseda on dtaa frmo teh Gplalu Wrldo Pllo. Baitinr doepdrp tow pslaec to 19th in teh iexdn, whlie Lenboan adn Aaatnfisghn were nmdae as teh uistenahpp nsoaitn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Foadril Grenorov DtsieSan is teh fistr moarj ciatnddea erve to aonncenu trhei rnu fro pnrdteesi on siacol miade, durngi a ctha wthi Enlo Msuk on Tewitrt Speasc on Wndadeeys. Btu teh cmpnaiga lhnauc wsa mderra by tlccanehi ghtsleic adn aioud plmesrob, as teh sliaoc nrwtkoe\u2019s seesrvr slrdeggut to ceop whit teh sgeru in dnadme.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Foadril Grenorov DtsieSan is teh fistr moarj ciatnddea erve to aonncenu trhei rnu fro pnrdteesi on siacol miade, durngi a ctha wthi Enlo Msuk on Tewitrt Speasc on Wndadeeys. Btu teh cmpnaiga lhnauc wsa mderra by tlccanehi ghtsleic adn aioud plmesrob, as teh sliaoc nrwtkoe\u2019s seesrvr slrdeggut to ceop whit teh sgeru in dnadme.", "scrambled": "Foadril Grenorov DtsieSan is teh fistr moarj ciatnddea erve to aonncenu trhei rnu fro pnrdteesi on siacol miade, durngi a ctha wthi Enlo Msuk on Tewitrt Speasc on Wndadeeys. Btu teh cmpnaiga lhnauc wsa mderra by tlccanehi ghtsleic adn aioud plmesrob, as teh sliaoc nrwtkoe\u2019s seesrvr slrdeggut to ceop whit teh sgeru in dnadme.", "original": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, during a chat with Elon Musk on Twitter Spaces on Wednesday. But the campaign launch was marred by technical glitches and audio problems, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand.", "recovered": "Foadril Grenorov DtsieSan is teh fistr moarj ciatnddea erve to aonncenu trhei rnu fro pnrdteesi on siacol miade, durngi a ctha wthi Enlo Msuk on Tewitrt Speasc on Wndadeeys. Btu teh cmpnaiga lhnauc wsa mderra by tlccanehi ghtsleic adn aioud plmesrob, as teh sliaoc nrwtkoe\u2019s seesrvr slrdeggut to ceop whit teh sgeru in dnadme."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Foobllta\u2019s galolb givnrgone bdoy Fiaf hsa cnfomierd ttha teh tatrnumneo \u2013 bgnei co-hdetso by teh US, Cndaaa adn Mxicoe \u2013 is epnidnagx fomr 32 to 48 tmesa, whhic wlli rureieq 40 gsaem mreo tanh teh 64 pyleda in Qtara lsta yrea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Foobllta\u2019s galolb givnrgone bdoy Fiaf hsa cnfomierd ttha teh tatrnumneo \u2013 bgnei co-hdetso by teh US, Cndaaa adn Mxicoe \u2013 is epnidnagx fomr 32 to 48 tmesa, whhic wlli rureieq 40 gsaem mreo tanh teh 64 pyleda in Qtara lsta yrea.", "scrambled": "Foobllta\u2019s galolb givnrgone bdoy Fiaf hsa cnfomierd ttha teh tatrnumneo \u2013 bgnei co-hdetso by teh US, Cndaaa adn Mxicoe \u2013 is epnidnagx fomr 32 to 48 tmesa, whhic wlli rureieq 40 gsaem mreo tanh teh 64 pyleda in Qtara lsta yrea.", "original": "Football\u2019s global governing body Fifa has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 games more than the 64 played in Qatar last year.", "recovered": "Foobllta\u2019s galolb givnrgone bdoy Fiaf hsa cnfomierd ttha teh tatrnumneo \u2013 bgnei co-hdetso by teh US, Cndaaa adn Mxicoe \u2013 is epnidnagx fomr 32 to 48 tmesa, whhic wlli rureieq 40 gsaem mreo tanh teh 64 pyleda in Qtara lsta yrea."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fro atneroh yera in a rwo, stribeerwsra cutoeinn to hlod teh tpo spto on teh Diyrt Denoz lsit wtih teh msto psiicesedt, teh US Dteerntapm of Arciluutreg annceudon tsih weke.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fro atneroh yera in a rwo, stribeerwsra cutoeinn to hlod teh tpo spto on teh Diyrt Denoz lsit wtih teh msto psiicesedt, teh US Dteerntapm of Arciluutreg annceudon tsih weke.", "scrambled": "Fro atneroh yera in a rwo, stribeerwsra cutoeinn to hlod teh tpo spto on teh Diyrt Denoz lsit wtih teh msto psiicesedt, teh US Dteerntapm of Arciluutreg annceudon tsih weke.", "original": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "recovered": "Fro atneroh yera in a rwo, stribeerwsra cutoeinn to hlod teh tpo spto on teh Diyrt Denoz lsit wtih teh msto psiicesedt, teh US Dteerntapm of Arciluutreg annceudon tsih weke."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fro teh fsitr tiem in 31 yasre, teh Lrordaab Rietrerve hsa bnee usetenad as teh msto pualrop dgo brede in teh US, accrdnoig to teh Aaeimncr Klenne Culb\u2019s latets stssttiica. Tkinag ist pecal is teh ceut adn cmtoacp Fncerh Bloudlg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For teh fsitr tiem in 31 yasre, teh Lrordaab Rietrerve hsa bnee usetenad as teh msto pualrop dgo brede in teh US, accrdnoig to teh Aaeimncr Klenne Culb\u2019s latets stssttiica. Tkinag ist pecal is teh ceut adn cmtoacp Fncerh Bloudlg.", "scrambled": "Fro teh fsitr tiem in 31 yasre, teh Lrordaab Rietrerve hsa bnee usetenad as teh msto pualrop dgo brede in teh US, accrdnoig to teh Aaeimncr Klenne Culb\u2019s latets stssttiica. Tkinag ist pecal is teh ceut adn cmtoacp Fncerh Bloudlg.", "original": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking its place is the cute and compact French Bulldog.", "recovered": "For teh fsitr tiem in 31 yasre, teh Lrordaab Rietrerve hsa bnee usetenad as teh msto pualrop dgo brede in teh US, accrdnoig to teh Aaeimncr Klenne Culb\u2019s latets stssttiica. Tkinag ist pecal is teh ceut adn cmtoacp Fncerh Bloudlg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fro teh frsit tmei in 70 ysrea, teh CCD is cnnihgga hwo dgso aer iemptdor iton teh US to penetrv ribeas fmor arirvgin fomr oesrsvea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "For teh frsit tmei in 70 ysrea, teh CCD is cnnihgga hwo dgso aer iemptdor iton teh US to penetrv ribeas fmor arirvgin fomr oesrsvea.", "scrambled": "Fro teh frsit tmei in 70 ysrea, teh CCD is cnnihgga hwo dgso aer iemptdor iton teh US to penetrv ribeas fmor arirvgin fomr oesrsvea.", "original": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas.", "recovered": "For teh frsit tmei in 70 ysrea, teh CCD is cnnihgga hwo dgso aer iemptdor iton teh US to penetrv ribeas fmor arirvgin fomr oesrsvea."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fdor apreaps to be fcnagi mero mruintngafcua pseblrom. See teh mdselo atcefdef by teh ltsaet rlealc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fdor apreaps to be fcnagi mero mruintngafcua pseblrom. See teh mdselo atcefdef by teh ltsaet rlealc.", "scrambled": "Fdor apreaps to be fcnagi mero mruintngafcua pseblrom. See teh mdselo atcefdef by teh ltsaet rlealc.", "original": "Ford appears to be facing more manufacturing problems. See the models affected by the latest recall.", "recovered": "Fdor apreaps to be fcnagi mero mruintngafcua pseblrom. See teh mdselo atcefdef by teh ltsaet rlealc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frod rleelacd hernduds of tussanohd of F-150 trksuc tihs weke deu to a prnakig bkrae isesu. So fra, teh aratoekum is aaewr of 299 incssaetn of teh pkainrg break anicttgavi uitnoenytanlinl, icunlingd at lstae 19 wileh teh vleihec wsa bgien dievrn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Frod rleelacd hernduds of tussanohd of F-150 trksuc tihs weke deu to a prnakig bkrae isesu. So fra, teh aratoekum is aaewr of 299 incssaetn of teh pkainrg break anicttgavi uitnoenytanlinl, icunlingd at lstae 19 wileh teh vleihec wsa bgien dievrn.", "scrambled": "Frod rleelacd hernduds of tussanohd of F-150 trksuc tihs weke deu to a prnakig bkrae isesu. So fra, teh aratoekum is aaewr of 299 incssaetn of teh pkainrg break anicttgavi uitnoenytanlinl, icunlingd at lstae 19 wileh teh vleihec wsa bgien dievrn.", "original": "Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake activating unintentionally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven.", "recovered": "Frod rleelacd hernduds of tussanohd of F-150 trksuc tihs weke deu to a prnakig bkrae isesu. So fra, teh aratoekum is aaewr of 299 incssaetn of teh pkainrg break anicttgavi uitnoenytanlinl, icunlingd at lstae 19 wileh teh vleihec wsa bgien dievrn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frorme Frtis Lday Mleleich Oabma aueodcnnn Weadeysnd ttha seh\u2019s lhncguian a hyaehlt fodo adn breaeveg capyomn fro ksdi to hpel cobatm teh \u201cntotniriu-retlaed htlahe csiirs\u201d in teh US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Frorme Frtis Lday Mleleich Oabma aueodcnnn Weadeysnd ttha seh\u2019s lhncguian a hyaehlt fodo adn breaeveg capyomn fro ksdi to hpel cobatm teh \u201cntotniriu-retlaed htlahe csiirs\u201d in teh US.", "scrambled": "Frorme Frtis Lday Mleleich Oabma aueodcnnn Weadeysnd ttha seh\u2019s lhncguian a hyaehlt fodo adn breaeveg capyomn fro ksdi to hpel cobatm teh \u201cntotniriu-retlaed htlahe csiirs\u201d in teh US.", "original": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cnutrition-related health crisis\u201d in the US.", "recovered": "Frorme Frtis Lday Mleleich Oabma aueodcnnn Weadeysnd ttha seh\u2019s lhncguian a hyaehlt fodo adn breaeveg capyomn fro ksdi to hpel cobatm teh \u201cntotniriu-retlaed htlahe csiirs\u201d in teh US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ferrmo Pentrisde Dndloa Tumpr pdadele nto guityl to 34 flnyoe ciimalnr cragseh of fyinalsifg binssesu rcdoesr in Mtnaantha carilimn ctuor Tdsayeu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ferrmo Pentrisde Dndloa Tumpr pdadele nto guityl to 34 flnyoe ciimalnr cragseh of fyinalsifg binssesu rcdoesr in Mtnaantha carilimn ctuor Tdsayeu.", "scrambled": "Ferrmo Pentrisde Dndloa Tumpr pdadele nto guityl to 34 flnyoe ciimalnr cragseh of fyinalsifg binssesu rcdoesr in Mtnaantha carilimn ctuor Tdsayeu.", "original": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of falsifying business records in Manhattan criminal court Tuesday.", "recovered": "Ferrmo Pentrisde Dndloa Tumpr pdadele nto guityl to 34 flnyoe ciimalnr cragseh of fyinalsifg binssesu rcdoesr in Mtnaantha carilimn ctuor Tdsayeu."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fromre Vcie Ptinesder Miek Pceen wlli lachnu hsi 2024 prieitsaenld cimgnaap on Jneu 7 wthi an aennoumntcne vdioe adn a scpehe in Iaow, tow ssource faiiarlm wtih teh pnlsa tlle CNN.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fromre Vcie Ptinesder Miek Pceen wlli lachnu hsi 2024 prieitsaenld cimgnaap on Jneu 7 wthi an aennoumntcne vdioe adn a scpehe in Iaow, tow ssource faiiarlm wtih teh pnlsa tlle CNN.", "scrambled": "Fromre Vcie Ptinesder Miek Pceen wlli lachnu hsi 2024 prieitsaenld cimgnaap on Jneu 7 wthi an aennoumntcne vdioe adn a scpehe in Iaow, tow ssource faiiarlm wtih teh pnlsa tlle CNN.", "original": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sources familiar with the plans tell CNN.", "recovered": "Fromre Vcie Ptinesder Miek Pceen wlli lachnu hsi 2024 prieitsaenld cimgnaap on Jneu 7 wthi an aennoumntcne vdioe adn a scpehe in Iaow, tow ssource faiiarlm wtih teh pnlsa tlle CNN."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Freomr \u201cGtear Btsiihr Mnue\u201d srta Jhno Mnuoanit, onlyailigr frmo Lehirsnaac, ptesdo a mseeags on sicalo mdiea tienllg vnaegs to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aterf ginettg a neagtevi rweeiv form a nno-meta eeart. On teh Fbcakeoo peag of hsi Prhte rartauenst, Feyr, he addde ttha \u201call vgsnea aer nwo bndane\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Freomr \u201cGtear Btsiihr Mnue\u201d srta Jhno Mnuoanit, onlyailigr frmo Lehirsnaac, ptesdo a mseeags on sicalo mdiea tienllg vnaegs to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aterf ginettg a neagtevi rweeiv form a nno-meta eeart. On teh Fbcakeoo peag of hsi Prhte rartauenst, Feyr, he addde ttha \u201call vgsnea aer nwo bndane\u201d.", "scrambled": "Freomr \u201cGtear Btsiihr Mnue\u201d srta Jhno Mnuoanit, onlyailigr frmo Lehirsnaac, ptesdo a mseeags on sicalo mdiea tienllg vnaegs to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aterf ginettg a neagtevi rweeiv form a nno-meta eeart. On teh Fbcakeoo peag of hsi Prhte rartauenst, Feyr, he addde ttha \u201call vgsnea aer nwo bndane\u201d.", "original": "Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Mountain, originally from Lancashire, posted a message on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meat eater. On the Facebook page of his Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.", "recovered": "Freomr \u201cGtear Btsiihr Mnue\u201d srta Jhno Mnuoanit, onlyailigr frmo Lehirsnaac, ptesdo a mseeags on sicalo mdiea tienllg vnaegs to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aterf ginettg a neagtevi rweeiv form a nno-meta eeart. On teh Fbcakeoo peag of hsi Prhte rartauenst, Feyr, he addde ttha \u201call vgsnea aer nwo bndane\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frou atotarnssu, ilcgindnu terhe Amnarsice adn oen Cinanaad, wlli be teh frsit cewr snte to otrbi teh moon sniec teh Alolop parrmgo edned mreo tnha 50 ysrea aog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Frou atotarnssu, ilcgindnu terhe Amnarsice adn oen Cinanaad, wlli be teh frsit cewr snte to otrbi teh moon sniec teh Alolop parrmgo edned mreo tnha 50 ysrea aog.", "scrambled": "Frou atotarnssu, ilcgindnu terhe Amnarsice adn oen Cinanaad, wlli be teh frsit cewr snte to otrbi teh moon sniec teh Alolop parrmgo edned mreo tnha 50 ysrea aog.", "original": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one Canadian, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "recovered": "Frou atotarnssu, ilcgindnu terhe Amnarsice adn oen Cinanaad, wlli be teh frsit cewr snte to otrbi teh moon sniec teh Alolop parrmgo edned mreo tnha 50 ysrea aog."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Foru getra wtieh srhask heav bene dtectede swmiinmg off teh coats in teh ptas fwe wesek. Tyeh all aerapp to be mnkaig terih auannl mrionatgi fmor teh Filaodr Kyse up to teh US Noestathr adn Cdnaaa, aorgidcnc to teh nrfoonpti mearni reachsre gpuor OCAHERC.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Foru getra wtieh srhask heav bene dtectede swmiinmg off teh coats in teh ptas fwe wesek. Tyeh all aerapp to be mnkaig terih auannl mrionatgi fmor teh Filaodr Kyse up to teh US Noestathr adn Cdnaaa, aorgidcnc to teh nrfoonpti mearni reachesre gpuor OCAHERC.", "scrambled": "Foru getra wtieh srhask heav bene dtectede swmiinmg off teh coats in teh ptas fwe wesek. Tyeh all aerapp to be mnkaig terih auannl mrionatgi fmor teh Filaodr Kyse up to teh US Noestathr adn Cdnaaa, aorgidcnc to teh nrfoonpti mearni reachsre gpuor OCAHERC.", "original": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the nonprofit marine research group OCEARCH.", "recovered": "Foru getra wtieh srhask heav bene dtectede swmiinmg off teh coats in teh ptas fwe wesek. Tyeh all aerapp to be mnkaig terih auannl mrionatgi fmor teh Filaodr Kyse up to teh US Noestathr adn Cdnaaa, aorgidcnc to teh nrfoonpti mearni reachesre gpuor OCAHERC."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fruo mne ecpadse fmro a Msisisipsip jlai orve teh wedneke, osaflicif sdia. Oen of temh wsa fndou dade in a bneudr biudngli afert a safnotdf whit atrieoishut, adn a sdneco wsa adhrnepeedp in Tsxea. As of Firyda, atsihrietuo were cngointnui teirh sechra fro teh tow srugvinvi ecaesdp itensma.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fruo mne ecpadse fmro a Msisisipsip jlai orve teh wedneke, osaflicif sdia. Oen of temh wsa fndou dade in a bneudr biudngli afert a safnotdf whit atrieoishut, adn a sdneco wsa adhrnepeedp in Tsxea. As of Firyda, atsihrietuo were cngointnui teirh sechra fro teh tow srugvinvi ecaesdp itensma.", "scrambled": "Fruo mne ecpadse fmro a Msisisipsip jlai orve teh wedneke, osaflicif sdia. Oen of temh wsa fndou dade in a bneudr biudngli afert a safnotdf whit atrieoishut, adn a sdneco wsa adhrnepeedp in Tsxea. As of Firyda, atsihrietuo were cngointnui teirh sechra fro teh tow srugvinvi ecaesdp itensma.", "original": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with authorities, and a second was apprehended in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving escaped inmates.", "recovered": "Fruo mne ecpadse fmro a Msisisipsip jlai orve teh wedneke, osaflicif sdia. Oen of temh wsa fndou dade in a bneudr biudngli afert a safnotdf whit atrieoishut, adn a sdneco wsa adhrnepeedp in Tsxea. As of Firyda, atsihrietuo were cngointnui teirh sechra fro teh tow srugvinvi ecaesdp itensma."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo Nwse adn Tckreu Closrna, teh rthgi-wngi etxrsimet woh hedtos teh nrwkeot\u2019s piemr tmie 8 p.m. hrou, heav seredev tsie, teh noekrwt sida in a stgnuinn aeuncntnenom on Moyand.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fxo Nwse adn Tckreu Closrna, teh rthgi-wngi etxrsimet woh hedtos teh nrwkeot\u2019s piemr tmie 8 p.m. hrou, heav seredev tsie, teh noekrwt sida in a stgnuinn aeuncntnenom on Moyand.", "scrambled": "Fxo Nwse adn Tckreu Closrna, teh rthgi-wngi etxrsimet woh hedtos teh nrwkeot\u2019s piemr tmie 8 p.m. hrou, heav seredev tsie, teh noekrwt sida in a stgnuinn aeuncntnenom on Moyand.", "original": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the network\u2019s prime time 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, the network said in a stunning announcement on Monday.", "recovered": "Fxo Nwse adn Tckreu Closrna, teh rthgi-wngi etxrsimet woh hedtos teh nrwkeot\u2019s piemr tmie 8 p.m. hrou, heav seredev tsie, teh noekrwt sida in a stgnuinn aeuncntnenom on Moyand."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo Nwes anendoucn teh premi-tmei hsto\u2019s atpbru darurepet on Mnydoa, lsse tanh a wkee afetr agereign to pya $787.5m to setelt a doifeamant csae in wchih Cslnroa plydae a sirgarnt rleo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fxo Nwes anendoucn teh premi-tmei hsto\u2019s atpbru darurepet on Mnydoa, lsse tanh a wkee afetr agereign to pya $787.5m to setelt a doifeamant csae in wchih Cslnroa plydae a sirgarnt rleo.", "scrambled": "Fxo Nwes anendoucn teh premi-tmei hsto\u2019s atpbru darurepet on Mnydoa, lsse tanh a wkee afetr agereign to pya $787.5m to setelt a doifeamant csae in wchih Cslnroa plydae a sirgarnt rleo.", "original": "Fox News announced the prime-time host\u2019s abrupt departure on Monday, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role.", "recovered": "Fxo Nwes anendoucn teh premi-tmei hsto\u2019s atpbru darurepet on Mnydoa, lsse tanh a wkee afetr agereign to pya $787.5m to setelt a doifeamant csae in wchih Cslnroa plydae a sirgarnt rleo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo Nesw aodievd a hhig-pirelfo doneaitafm talri by raihgnce teh ltas-mteuni dale wtih Dnioomni, cnulogdicn tow ysera of ltiginaito oerv teh nswe ntrowke\u2019s arigni of felsa csmila ttha teh 2020 US peseidlanirt eilteonc wsa regidg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fxo Nesw aodievd a hhig-pirelfo doneaitafm talri by raihgnce teh ltas-mteuni dale wtih Dnioomni, cnulogdicn tow ysera of ltiginaito oerv teh nswe ntrowke\u2019s arigni of felsa csmila ttha teh 2020 US peseidlanirt eilteonc wsa regidg.", "scrambled": "Fxo Nesw aodievd a hhig-pirelfo doneaitafm talri by raihgnce teh ltas-mteuni dale wtih Dnioomni, cnulogdicn tow ysera of ltiginaito oerv teh nswe ntrowke\u2019s arigni of felsa csmila ttha teh 2020 US peseidlanirt eilteonc wsa regidg.", "original": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching the last-minute deal with Dominion, concluding two years of litigation over the news network\u2019s airing of false claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "recovered": "Fxo Nesw aodievd a hhig-pirelfo doneaitafm talri by raihgnce teh ltas-mteuni dale wtih Dnioomni, cnulogdicn tow ysera of ltiginaito oerv teh nswe ntrowke\u2019s arigni of felsa csmila ttha teh 2020 US peseidlanirt eilteonc wsa regidg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo Nesw will pya mroe tnah $787 miillno to Dmnooini Vingot Ssmyset aefrt teh tow sdise aeergd to a ltas-menuit steteenltm Tdsyeua in teh eixeolvsp dtnimafeao cesa bgohtur aainsgt teh rhtgi-wgni nrewotk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fxo Nesw will pya mroe tnah $787 miillno to Dmnooini Vingot Ssmyset aefrt teh tow sdise aeergd to a ltas-menuit steteenltm Tdsyeua in teh eixeolvsp dtnimafeao cesa bgohtur aainsgt teh rhtgi-wgni nrewotk.", "scrambled": "Fxo Nesw will pya mroe tnah $787 miillno to Dmnooini Vingot Ssmyset aefrt teh tow sdise aeergd to a ltas-menuit steteenltm Tdsyeua in teh eixeolvsp dtnimafeao cesa bgohtur aainsgt teh rhtgi-wgni nrewotk.", "original": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Dominion Voting Systems after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the explosive defamation case brought against the right-wing network.", "recovered": "Fxo Nesw will pya mroe tnah $787 miillno to Dmnooini Vingot Ssmyset aefrt teh tow sdise aeergd to a ltas-menuit steteenltm Tdsyeua in teh eixeolvsp dtnimafeao cesa bgohtur aainsgt teh rhtgi-wgni nrewotk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gneamr aieitsutrho wderan lslcoa in Bliern\u2019s suenhrot sursubb to sayt irosnod aertf retposr ttha a fmelea lino wsa at learg. Tow wseiessnt rptdeeor sengei a bgi cta rguninn aeftr adn kilinlg a wlid bora, argcdcion to pilcbu brtsdcaorea RBB. \u201cWe dno\u2019t konw weerh it cmea fmor,\u201d sdia peocil saponmsek Dinela Kepi. No nrebay zsoo, csuiecrs or scsietanuar seem to be msignsi oen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Gneamr aieitsutrho wderan lslcoa in Bliern\u2019s suenhrot sursubb to sayt irosnod aertf retposr ttha a fmelea lino wsa at learg. Tow wseiessnt rptdeeor sengei a bgi cta rguninn aeftr adn kilinlg a wlid bora, argcdcion to pilcbu brtsdcaorea RBB. \u201cWe dno\u2019t konw weerh it cmea fmor,\u201d sdia peocil saponmsek Dinela Kepi. No nrebay zsoo, csuiecrs or scsietanuar seem to be msignsi oen.", "scrambled": "Gneamr aieitsutrho wderan lslcoa in Bliern\u2019s suenhrot sursubb to sayt irosnod aertf retposr ttha a fmelea lino wsa at learg. Tow wseiessnt rptdeeor sengei a bgi cta rguninn aeftr adn kilinlg a wlid bora, argcdcion to pilcbu brtsdcaorea RBB. \u201cWe dno\u2019t konw weerh it cmea fmor,\u201d sdia peocil saponmsek Dinela Kepi. No nrebay zsoo, csuiecrs or scsietanuar seem to be msignsi oen.", "original": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at large. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a wild boar, according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Daniel Kiep. No nearby zoos, circuses or sanctuaries seem to be missing one.", "recovered": "Gneamr aieitsutrho wderan lslcoa in Bliern\u2019s suenhrot sursubb to sayt irosnod aertf retposr ttha a fmelea lino wsa at learg. Tow wseiessnt rptdeeor sengei a bgi cta rguninn aeftr adn kilinlg a wlid bora, argcdcion to pilcbu brtsdcaorea RBB. \u201cWe dno\u2019t konw weerh it cmea fmor,\u201d sdia peocil saponmsek Dinela Kepi. No nrebay zsoo, csuiecrs or scsietanuar seem to be msignsi oen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Genyarm, teh tow-tmie coihmpan taem, wsa dliylmcatara kdcenok otu of teh Wdolr Cpu on Tdyharus aeftr a 1-1 drwa wiht Suoth Kreao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Genyarm, teh tow-tmie coihmpan taem, wsa dliylmcatara kdcenok otu of teh Wdolr Cpu on Tdyharus aeftr a 1-1 drwa wiht Suoth Kreao.", "scrambled": "Genyarm, teh tow-tmie coihmpan taem, wsa dliylmcatara kdcenok otu of teh Wdolr Cpu on Tdyharus aeftr a 1-1 drwa wiht Suoth Kreao.", "original": "Germany, the two-time champion team, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "recovered": "Genyarm, teh tow-tmie coihmpan taem, wsa dliylmcatara kdcenok otu of teh Wdolr Cpu on Tdyharus aeftr a 1-1 drwa wiht Suoth Kreao."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Glgosaw hsa an ageearv lfei ecpyctaexn of 76 yeasr, cdeoprma wthi 88 in nhrot Lnnood\u2019s Hdetaspam aear, aocncrgdi to an asinylas of OSN dtaa by Hhaelt Esalqu. Teh capnigam gpuor baledm \u201cslrgtinat\u201d ranoegil deiaspsirti on srubdtdsnaa hogsiun, proo euitcdaon adn pyovtre. Fndi otu moer whit Teh Wkee Uwneprdpa pscaodt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Glgosaw hsa an ageearv lfei ecpyctaexn of 76 yeasr, cdeoprma wthi 88 in nhrot Lnnood\u2019s Hdetaspam aear, aocncrgdi to an asinylas of OSN dtaa by Hhaelt Esalqu. Teh capnigam gpuor baledm \u201cslrgtinat\u201d ranoegil deiaspsirti on srubdtdsnaa hogsiun, proo euitcdaon adn pyovtre. Fndi otu moer whit Teh Wkee Uwneprdpa pscaodt.", "scrambled": "Glgosaw hsa an ageearv lfei ecpyctaexn of 76 yeasr, cdeoprma wthi 88 in nhrot Lnnood\u2019s Hdetaspam aear, aocncrgdi to an asinylas of OSN dtaa by Hhaelt Esalqu. Teh capnigam gpuor baledm \u201cslrgtinat\u201d ranoegil deiaspsirti on srubdtdsnaa hogsiun, proo euitcdaon adn pyovtre. Fndi otu moer whit Teh Wkee Uwneprdpa pscaodt.", "original": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hampstead area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d regional disparities on substandard housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Glgosaw hsa an ageearv lfei ecpyctaexn of 76 yeasr, cdeoprma wthi 88 in nhrot Lnnood\u2019s Hdetaspam aear, aocncrgdi to an asinylas of OSN dtaa by Hhaelt Esalqu. Teh capnigam gpuor baledm \u201cslrgtinat\u201d ranoegil deiaspsirti on srubdtdsnaa hogsiun, proo euitcdaon adn pyovtre. Fndi otu moer whit Teh Wkee Uwneprdpa pscaodt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Galolb sart Taolry Siwtf hsa re-reedalse hre 2010 amlub \u201cSakpe Nwo\u201d as prta of an ognongi re-rrgoidecn prctoej. Btu fasn aer ddiveid orve cesghan to teh lirsyc of teh alumb\u2019s tthen tarck, \u201cBetrte Tanh Rgneeve\u201d. In teh oaginilr visnore, Siwtf asesccu a grli woh hsa selnot hre lveo isrteetn of bieng \u201cbretet knwno fro teh tshing ttha seh dsoe / On teh mssteart.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Galolb sart Taolry Siwtf hsa re-reedalse hre 2010 amlub \u201cSakpe Nwo\u201d as prta of an ognongi re-rrgoidecn prctoej. Btu fasn aer ddiveid orve cesghan to teh lirsyc of teh alumb\u2019s tthen tarck, \u201cBetrte Tanh Rgneeve\u201d. In teh oaginilr visnore, Siwtf asesccu a grli woh hsa selnot hre lveo isrteetn of bieng \u201cbretet knwno fro teh tshing ttha seh dsoe / On teh mssteart.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Galolb sart Taolry Siwtf hsa re-reedalse hre 2010 amlub \u201cSakpe Nwo\u201d as prta of an ognongi re-rrgoidecn prctoej. Btu fasn aer ddiveid orve cesghan to teh lirsyc of teh alumb\u2019s tthen tarck, \u201cBetrte Tanh Rgneeve\u201d. In teh oaginilr visnore, Siwtf asesccu a grli woh hsa selnot hre lveo isrteetn of bieng \u201cbretet knwno fro teh tshing ttha seh dsoe / On teh mssteart.\u201d.", "original": "Global star Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing re-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her love interest of being \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.", "recovered": "Galolb sart Taolry Siwtf hsa re-reedalse hre 2010 amlub \u201cSakpe Nwo\u201d as prta of an ognongi re-rrgoidecn prctoej. Btu fasn aer ddiveid orve cesghan to teh lirsyc of teh alumb\u2019s tthen tarck, \u201cBetrte Tanh Rgneeve\u201d. In teh oaginilr visnore, Siwtf asesccu a grli woh hsa selnot hre lveo isrteetn of bieng \u201cbretet knwno fro teh tshing ttha seh dsoe / On teh mssteart.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Garengr drdleeevi teh nsew, knwno as Glernae Odrser, No. 3, in Geotvalns, Tsaex.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Garengr drdleeevi teh nsew, knwno as Glernae Odrser, No. 3, in Geotvalns, Tsaex.", "scrambled": "Garengr drdleeevi teh nsew, knwno as Glernae Odrser, No. 3, in Geotvalns, Tsaex.", "original": "Granger delivered the news, known as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "recovered": "Garengr drdleeevi teh nsew, knwno as Glernae Odrser, No. 3, in Geotvalns, Tsaex."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ganneeldr\u2019s pneaimlrat vtdeo to sctki to Dlhatygi Snvgia Tiesm in oderr to geiv ploepe in teh Dsahni smie-itnndndepee tirotrery mreo tmie in teh aorfnoent to do bseusnsi wthi Eeruop adn Nhort Aicamre. Fnid otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Urawpndep pcdatos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ganneeldr\u2019s pneaimlrat vtdeo to sctki to Dlhatygi Snvgia Tiesm in oderr to geiv ploepe in teh Dsahni smie-itnndndepee tirotrery mreo tmie in teh aorfnoent to do bseusnsi wthi Eeruop adn Nhort Aicamre. Fnid otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Urawpndep pcdatos.", "scrambled": "Ganneeldr\u2019s pneaimlrat vtdeo to sctki to Dlhatygi Snvgia Tiesm in oderr to geiv ploepe in teh Dsahni smie-itnndndepee tirotrery mreo tmie in teh aorfnoent to do bseusnsi wthi Eeruop adn Nhort Aicamre. Fnid otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Urawpndep pcdatos.", "original": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick to Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent territory more time in the afternoon to do business with Europe and North America. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Ganneeldr\u2019s pneaimlrat vtdeo to sctki to Dlhatygi Snvgia Tiesm in oderr to geiv ploepe in teh Dsahni smie-itnndndepee tirotrery mreo tmie in teh aorfnoent to do bseusnsi wthi Eeruop adn Nhort Aicamre. Fnid otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Urawpndep pcdatos."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gaert Gewrgi\u2019s \u201cBrbaie\u201d cidlema teh tpo spto as teh hehistg-gossgrin fiml of teh yare, rkgina in $162 miillno in teh US adn Caaand anole.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Gaert Gewrgi\u2019s \u201cBrbaie\u201d cidlema teh tpo spto as teh hehistg-gossgrin fiml of teh yare, rkgina in $162 miillno in teh US adn Caaand anole.", "scrambled": "Gaert Gewrgi\u2019s \u201cBrbaie\u201d cidlema teh tpo spto as teh hehistg-gossgrin fiml of teh yare, rkgina in $162 miillno in teh US adn Caaand anole.", "original": "Greta Gerwig\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "recovered": "Gaert Gewrgi\u2019s \u201cBrbaie\u201d cidlema teh tpo spto as teh hehistg-gossgrin fiml of teh yare, rkgina in $162 miillno in teh US adn Caaand anole."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Grfie-skicertn Nvhslaiel reditness caem tethegro fro a vglii Waedsnyed to mnruo trehe 9-yaer-odl clhenrid adn teehr aldtsu klelid in teh mssa sigohotn at a piervat Carshiint socloh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Grfie-skicertn Nvhslaiel reditness caem tethegro fro a vglii Waedsnyed to mnruo trehe 9-yaer-odl clhenrid adn teehr aldtsu klelid in teh mssa sigohotn at a piervat Carshiint socloh.", "scrambled": "Grfie-skicertn Nvhslaiel reditness caem tethegro fro a vglii Waedsnyed to mnruo trehe 9-yaer-odl clhenrid adn teehr aldtsu klelid in teh mssa sigohotn at a piervat Carshiint socloh.", "original": "Grief-stricken Nashville residents came together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-year-old children and three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.", "recovered": "Grfie-skicertn Nvhslaiel reditness caem tethegro fro a vglii Waedsnyed to mnruo trehe 9-yaer-odl clhenrid adn teehr aldtsu klelid in teh mssa sigohotn at a piervat Carshiint socloh."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: HOB\u2019s \u201cSinsescuoc\u201d lde wthi 27 Eymm nnoisanitom, flolwoed by \u201cTeh Ltsa of Us\u201d wtih 24. Teh Emym Arswad aer crltenryu sucdlehde fro Srmbteepe 18. (HOB, wchhi leik CNN, is oednw by Wrnare Bosr. Drvsyocie.).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "HOB\u2019s \u201cSinsescuoc\u201d lde wthi 27 Eymm nnoisanitom, flolwoed by \u201cTeh Ltsa of Us\u201d wtih 24. Teh Emym Arswad aer crltenryu sucdlehde fro Srmbteepe 18. (HOB, wchhi leik CNN, is oednw by Wrnare Bosr. Drvsyocie.).", "scrambled": "HOB\u2019s \u201cSinsescuoc\u201d lde wthi 27 Eymm nnoisanitom, flolwoed by \u201cTeh Ltsa of Us\u201d wtih 24. Teh Emym Arswad aer crltenryu sucdlehde fro Srmbteepe 18. (HOB, wchhi leik CNN, is oednw by Wrnare Bosr. Drvsyocie.).", "original": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.).", "recovered": "HOB\u2019s \u201cSinsescuoc\u201d lde wthi 27 Eymm nnoisanitom, flolwoed by \u201cTeh Ltsa of Us\u201d wtih 24. Teh Emym Arswad aer crltenryu sucdlehde fro Srmbteepe 18. (HOB, wchhi leik CNN, is oednw by Wrnare Bosr. Drvsyocie.)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hkrseac form a rseramwaon ggna aer trgnehnaite to lkea 80 gtgsiebya of colianifdten data fomr Rdeitd taht tehy cmlai to hvea sleotn dringu a Fyrebrau bcahre, arnicocdg to a ptso form teh gpruo on teh dkra wbe, whchi wsa reeedvwi by CNN adn an iedeendtpnn crcytruiyseeb etrpex.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hkrseac form a rseramwaon ggna aer trgnehnaite to lkea 80 gtgsiebya of colianifdten data fomr Rdeitd taht tehy cmlai to hvea sleotn dringu a Fyrebrau bcahre, arnicocdg to a ptso form teh gpruo on teh dkra wbe, whchi wsa reeedvwi by CNN adn an iedeendtpnn crcytruiyseeb etrpex.", "scrambled": "Hkrseac form a rseramwaon ggna aer trgnehnaite to lkea 80 gtgsiebya of colianifdten data fomr Rdeitd taht tehy cmlai to hvea sleotn dringu a Fyrebrau bcahre, arnicocdg to a ptso form teh gpruo on teh dkra wbe, whchi wsa reeedvwi by CNN adn an iedeendtpnn crcytruiyseeb etrpex.", "original": "Hackers from a ransomware gang are threatening to leak 80 gigabytes of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a February breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by CNN and an independent cybersecurity expert.", "recovered": "Hkrseac form a rseramwaon ggna aer trgnehnaite to lkea 80 gtgsiebya of colianifdten data fomr Rdeitd taht tehy cmlai to hvea sleotn dringu a Fyrebrau bcahre, arnicocdg to a ptso form teh gpruo on teh dkra wbe, whchi wsa reeedvwi by CNN adn an iedeendtpnn crcytruiyseeb etrpex."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hfal of all Ainsmecar lnvigi oisuedt on teh srttees liev in Cnafrloiia. Moer tnha 170,000 udheousn poeepl cyrluretn lvei in teh satte \u2014 adn thta feigru is gwirnog, flrdeea data sowhs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hfal of all Ainsmecar lnvigi oisuedt on teh srttees liev in Cnafrloiia. Moer tnha 170,000 udheousn poeepl cyrluretn lvei in teh satte \u2014 adn thta feigru is gwirnog, flrdeea data sowhs.", "scrambled": "Hfal of all Ainsmecar lnvigi oisuedt on teh srttees liev in Cnafrloiia. Moer tnha 170,000 udheousn poeepl cyrluretn lvei in teh satte \u2014 adn thta feigru is gwirnog, flrdeea data sowhs.", "original": "Half of all Americans living outside on the streets live in California. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows.", "recovered": "Hfal of all Ainsmecar lnvigi oisuedt on teh srttees liev in Cnafrloiia. Moer tnha 170,000 udheousn poeepl cyrluretn lvei in teh satte \u2014 adn thta feigru is gwirnog, flrdeea data sowhs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hnhnaa Irnamg-Moeor adn hre hbusadn wree gdtnera pneirsioms to bdlui an ofcief in teh gsdruon of tiher Bsherirefddo hemo, to be ueds ptalyr \u201cin cnictnnoeo wtih teh Caipant Tmo Fuiontnoad adn ist chabtralie obevstijce\u201d, btu tehn addde a ploo bdgulnii adn aplipde fro rreeoescviptt pnmreissio. Tehy hvae nwo bnee oerdred to dlsimheo teh ploo sap cpemxol atref teh riestceoteprv aaipoipcntl wsa deiend.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hnhnaa Irnamg-Moeor adn hre hbusadn wree gdtnera pneirsioms to bdlui an ofcief in teh gsdruon of tiher Bsherirefddo hemo, to be ueds ptalyr \u201cin cnictnnoeo wtih teh Caipant Tmo Fuiontnoad adn ist chabtralie obevstijce\u201d, btu tehn addde a ploo bdgulnii adn aplipde fro rreeoescviptt pnmreissio. Tehy hvae nwo bnee oerdred to dlsimheo teh ploo sap cpemxol atref teh riest", "scrambled": "Hnhnaa Irnamg-Moeor adn hre hbusadn wree gdtnera pneirsioms to bdlui an ofcief in teh gsdruon of tiher Bsherirefddo hemo, to be ueds ptalyr \u201cin cnictnnoeo wtih teh Caipant Tmo Fuiontnoad adn ist chabtralie obevstijce\u201d, btu tehn addde a ploo bdgulnii adn aplipde fro rreeoescviptt pnmreissio. Tehy hvae nwo bnee oerdred to dlsimheo teh ploo sap cpemxol atref teh riestceoteprv aaipoipcntl wsa deiend.", "original": "Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband were granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire home, to be used partly \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool building and applied for retrospective permission. They have now been ordered to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application was denied.", "recovered": "Hnhnaa Irnamg-Moeor adn hre hbusadn wree gdtnera pneirsioms to bdlui an ofcief in teh gsdruon of tiher Bsherirefddo hemo, to be ueds ptalyr \u201cin cnictnnoeo wtih teh Caipant Tmo Fuiontnoad adn ist chabtralie obevstijce\u201d, btu tehn addde a ploo bdgulnii adn aplipde fro rreeoescviptt pnmreissio. Tehy hvae nwo bnee oerdred to dlsimheo teh ploo sap cpemxol atref teh riest"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hnu Sne, woh hsa bnee Cbdmioaa\u2019s permi meirstni seinc 1985, anouenndc hsi rgonienaits dsay artfe hsi ptyar wno a vyuartill utscdeotnen gnarele eoilecnt. Fndi otu moer wiht Teh Weke Upnwerpad ptsdcoa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hnu Sne, woh hsa bnee Cbdmioaa\u2019s permi meirstni seinc 1985, anouenndc hsi rgonienaits dsay artfe hsi ptyar wno a vyuartill utscdeotnen gnarele eoilecnt. Fndi otu moer wiht Teh Weke Upnwerpad ptsdcoa.", "scrambled": "Hnu Sne, woh hsa bnee Cbdmioaa\u2019s permi meirstni seinc 1985, anouenndc hsi rgonienaits dsay artfe hsi ptyar wno a vyuartill utscdeotnen gnarele eoilecnt. Fndi otu moer wiht Teh Weke Upnwerpad ptsdcoa.", "original": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Hnu Sne, woh hsa bnee Cbdmioaa\u2019s permi meirstni seinc 1985, anouenndc hsi rgonienaits dsay artfe hsi ptyar wno a vyuartill utscdeotnen gnarele eoilecnt. Fndi otu moer wiht Teh Weke Upnwerpad ptsdcoa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hetrnu Bdeni, teh sno of Pdieestrn Jeo Bdeni, wlli pdael gitlyu to tow txa mrnidssmeoea adn srkcut a dlae whit faerled pcertoussor to revlsoe a flyeon gnu cagehr, teh Jtuiecs Deanpetrmt siad Tsadyue in cutro fnsgiil. As prat of teh pale aegrteemn, teh DJO hsa adeger to rnomdceme a seectnne of ptioonbra fro teh tow ctnous of falingi to pya txsae in a tilmey mratet fro teh yares 2017 adn 2018, acrnoigdc to srcsuoe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hetrnu Bdeni, teh sno of Pdieestrn Jeo Bdeni, wlli pdael gitlyu to tow txa mrnidssmeoea adn srkcut a dlae whit faerled pcertoussor to revlsoe a flyeon gnu cagehr, teh Jtuiecs Deanpetrmt siad Tsadyue in cutro fnsgiil. As prat of teh pale aegrteemn, teh DJO hsa adeger to rnomdceme a seectnne of ptioonbra fro teh tow ctnous of falingi to pya txsae in a tilmey mratet fro teh yares", "scrambled": "Hetrnu Bdeni, teh sno of Pdieestrn Jeo Bdeni, wlli pdael gitlyu to tow txa mrnidssmeoea adn srkcut a dlae whit faerled pcertoussor to revlsoe a flyeon gnu cagehr, teh Jtuiecs Deanpetrmt siad Tsadyue in cutro fnsgiil. As prat of teh pale aegrteemn, teh DJO hsa adeger to rnomdceme a seectnne of ptioonbra fro teh tow ctnous of falingi to pya txsae in a tilmey mratet fro teh yares 2017 adn 2018, acrnoigdc to srcsuoe.", "original": "Hunter Biden, the son of President Joe Biden, will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "recovered": "Hetrnu Bdeni, teh sno of Pdieestrn Jeo Bdeni, wlli pdael gitlyu to tow txa mrnidssmeoea adn srkcut a dlae whit faerled pcertoussor to revlsoe a flyeon gnu cagehr, teh Jtuiecs Deanpetrmt siad Tsadyue in cutro fnsgiil. As prat of teh pale aegrteemn, teh DJO hsa adeger to rnomdceme a seectnne of ptioonbra fro teh tow ctnous of falingi to pya txsae in a tilmey mratet fro teh yares"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hiilvadrm hsa rncyteel repaprdeea off teh csota of Sdenew, hvniag snetp yresa in Narginowe wraest. Wehn teh waleh ftisr aaerpdep fuor yares aog, mnriae biogotilss fmro teh Nagneoiwr droetrectia of ferihssei rmdveoe a hesrnsa, wihhc hda a mutno silabtue fro an antoci creaam adn teh wdsor \u201cEpemnqiut St Psberetugr\u201d pietdnr on it, lgiedan to saiuoenlctp teh wehal culdo hvae been ptar of a Rnusasi snigyp pmmrareog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hiilvadrm hsa rncyteel repaprdeea off teh csota of Sdenew, hvniag snetp yresa in Narginowe wraest. Wehn teh waleh ftisr aaerpdep fuor yares aog, mnriae biogotilss fmro teh Nagneoiwr droetrectia of ferihssei rmdveoe a hesrnsa, wihhc hda a mutno silabtue fro an antoci creaam adn teh wdsor \u201cEpemnqiut St Psberetugr\u201d pietdnr on it, lgiedan to saiuoenlctp teh wehal culd", "scrambled": "Hiilvadrm hsa rncyteel repaprdeea off teh csota of Sdenew, hvniag snetp yresa in Narginowe wraest. Wehn teh waleh ftisr aaerpdep fuor yares aog, mnriae biogotilss fmro teh Nagneoiwr droetrectia of ferihssei rmdveoe a hesrnsa, wihhc hda a mutno silabtue fro an antoci creaam adn teh wdsor \u201cEpemnqiut St Psberetugr\u201d pietdnr on it, lgiedan to saiuoenlctp teh wehal culdo hvae been ptar of a Rnusasi snigyp pmmrareog.", "original": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having spent years in Norwegian waters. When the whale first appeared four years ago, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of fisheries removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cEquipment St Petersburg\u201d printed on it, leading to speculation the whale could have been part of a Russian spying programme.", "recovered": "Hiilvadrm hsa rncyteel repaprdeea off teh csota of Sdenew, hvniag snetp yresa in Narginowe wraest. Wehn teh waleh ftisr aaerpdep fuor yares aog, mnriae biogotilss fmro teh Nagneoiwr droetrectia of ferihssei rmdveoe a hesrnsa, wihhc hda a mutno silabtue fro an antoci creaam adn teh wdsor \u201cEpemnqiut St Psberetugr\u201d pietdnr on it, lgiedan to saiuoenlctp teh wehal culd"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: If teh tow-yare poitl prrameogm srcuese fgnndiu, vereltunso to rcveeie UIB wlli be seletced at roamnd fomr Jrarwo in Suoht Tseydine adn Etsa Flchieyn in nrhto Lonnod, adn 20% of pelcas will be rveeerds fro plpeeo wthi dateiiisisbl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "If teh tow-yare poitl prrameogm srcuese fgnndiu, vereltunso to rcveeie UIB wlli be seletced at roamnd fomr Jrarwo in Suoht Tseydine adn Etsa Flchieyn in nrhto Lonnod, adn 20% of pelcas will be rveeerds fro plpeeo wthi dateiiisisbl.", "scrambled": "If teh tow-yare poitl prrameogm srcuese fgnndiu, vereltunso to rcveeie UIB wlli be seletced at roamnd fomr Jrarwo in Suoht Tseydine adn Etsa Flchieyn in nrhto Lonnod, adn 20% of pelcas will be rveeerds fro plpeeo wthi dateiiisisbl.", "original": "If the two-year pilot programme secures funding, volunteers to receive UBI will be selected at random from Jarrow in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "recovered": "If teh tow-yare poitl prrameogm srcuese fgnndiu, vereltunso to rcveeie UIB wlli be seletced at roamnd fomr Jrarwo in Suoht Tseydine adn Etsa Flchieyn in nrhto Lonnod, adn 20% of pelcas will be rveeerds fro plpeeo wthi dateiiisisbl."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In 2022, teh Sttea Fiar of Txsea womeldec mero tanh 2.5 molnlii voisisrt tugrohh ist gsaet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In 2022, teh Sttea Fiar of Txsea womeldec mero tanh 2.5 molnlii voisisrt tugrohh ist gsaet.", "scrambled": "In 2022, teh Sttea Fiar of Txsea womeldec mero tanh 2.5 molnlii voisisrt tugrohh ist gsaet.", "original": "In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates.", "recovered": "In 2022, teh Sttea Fiar of Txsea womeldec mero tanh 2.5 molnlii voisisrt tugrohh ist gsaet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Cnenalh 4\u2019s \u201cGeggr Waeclla: Teh Briisht Mlciaer Mate\u201d, teh MrtCfseeah co-htos cdaemil to be viignits a cmyanop ttah sdol \u201ceeinndgere hmaun mtea\u201d grwno fomr scelsi of fslhe sayilrlgcu hsevradet fmor rlea poplee. Teh moaecntrukym hsa skdprea csmaptloni to Ocomf fmro veweirs woh beeiveld Wealacl ryaell wsa ptrngmooi hanum ssaket as a wya to catmob teh csto-of-lvniig crsisi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In Cnenalh 4\u2019s \u201cGeggr Waeclla: Teh Briisht Mlciaer Mate\u201d, teh MrtCfseeah co-htos cdaemil to be viignits a cmyanop ttah sdol \u201ceeinndgere hmaun mtea\u201d grwno fomr scelsi of fslhe sayilrlgcu hsevradet fmor rlea poplee. Teh moaecntrukym hsa skdprea csmaptloni to Ocomf fmro veweirs woh beeiveld Wealacl ryaell wsa ptrngmooi hanum ssaket as a wya to catmob teh csto-of-lvniig crsisi.", "scrambled": "In Cnenalh 4\u2019s \u201cGeggr Waeclla: Teh Briisht Mlciaer Mate\u201d, teh MrtCfseeah co-htos cdaemil to be viignits a cmyanop ttah sdol \u201ceeinndgere hmaun mtea\u201d grwno fomr scelsi of fslhe sayilrlgcu hsevradet fmor rlea poplee. Teh moaecntrukym hsa skdprea csmaptloni to Ocomf fmro veweirs woh beeiveld Wealacl ryaell wsa ptrngmooi hanum ssaket as a wya to catmob teh csto-of-lvniig crsisi.", "original": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle Meat\u201d, the MasterChef co-host claimed to be visiting a company that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices of flesh surgically harvested from real people. The mockumentary has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis.", "recovered": "In Cnenalh 4\u2019s \u201cGeggr Waeclla: Teh Briisht Mlciaer Mate\u201d, teh MrtCfseeah co-htos cdaemil to be viignits a cmyanop ttah sdol \u201ceeinndgere hmaun mtea\u201d grwno fomr scelsi of fslhe sayilrlgcu hsevradet fmor rlea poplee. Teh moaecntrukym hsa skdprea csmaptloni to Ocomf fmro veweirs woh beeiveld Wealacl ryaell wsa ptrngmooi hanum ssaket as a wya to catmob teh csto-of-lvniig crsisi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Iytal, an infiensnitgy hate waev hsa aarylde cmldeia at lseat oen leif adn lfte sevaelr tstrusio in Rmeo iaeanptdatcci deu to htea seotrk, ocsfaifli sida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In Iytal, an infiensnitgy hate waev hsa aarylde cmldeia at lseat oen leif adn lfte sevaelr tstrusio in Rmeo iaeanptdatcci deu to htea seotrk, ocsfaifli sida.", "scrambled": "In Iytal, an infiensnitgy hate waev hsa aarylde cmldeia at lseat oen leif adn lfte sevaelr tstrusio in Rmeo iaeanptdatcci deu to htea seotrk, ocsfaifli sida.", "original": "In Italy, an intensifying heat wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rome incapacitated due to heat stroke, officials said.", "recovered": "In Iytal, an infiensnitgy hate waev hsa aarylde cmldeia at lseat oen leif adn lfte sevaelr tstrusio in Rmeo iaeanptdatcci deu to htea seotrk, ocsfaifli sida."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a YuGvoo sveruy of 4,592 Briihts vreots, amtols oen in fruo Gne Z resdntnopes sadi teh Bitsrih mhyaocnr sohdlu be ralpcdee wthi an eeledtc hade of saett. Amoslt 60% siad tyhe bveeedil Kgin Carsleh wsa otu of tohuc whit teh piucbl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a YuGvoo sveruy of 4,592 Briihts iarts, amtols oen in fruo Gne Z resdntnopes sadi teh Bitsrih mhyaocnr sohdlu be ralpcdee wthi an eeledtc hade of saett. Amoslt 60% siad tyhe bveeedil Kgin Carsleh wsa otu of tohuc whit teh piucbl.", "scrambled": "In a YuGvoo sveruy of 4,592 Briihts vreots, amtols oen in fruo Gne Z resdntnopes sadi teh Bitsrih mhyaocnr sohdlu be ralpcdee wthi an eeledtc hade of saett. Amoslt 60% siad tyhe bveeedil Kgin Carsleh wsa otu of tohuc whit teh piucbl.", "original": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British voters, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy should be replaced with an elected head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public.", "recovered": "In a YuGvoo sveruy of 4,592 Briihts iarts, amtols oen in fruo Gne Z resdntnopes sadi teh Bitsrih mhyaocnr sohdlu be ralpcdee wthi an eeledtc hade of saett. Amoslt 60% siad tyhe bveeedil Kgin Carsleh wsa otu of tohuc whit teh piucbl."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a bdi to ptrevne roeaecsrg fomr uargntnii in plucbi durngi tihs weke\u2019s minetge, Cahmtnhele Cuoilnc pddovire lquidi-rplilgnee hdrioocbyph pinat to ressietdn adn bessenusis. Oififslca in teh Ghsrreioesculte tonw aols poucddre a pteros sngwoih a mna adn a wnaom peeign agiasnt a tere, wiht teh salogn: \u201cHvae fnu tshi rcae wkee btu rebemmer oru tonw ins\u2019t yrou ttleoi.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a bdi to ptrevne roeaecsrg fomr uargntnii in plucbi durngi tihs weke\u2019s minetge, Cahmtnhele Cuoilnc pddovire lquidi-rplilgnee hdrioocbyph pinat to ressietdn adn bessenusis. Oififslca in teh Ghsrreioesculte tonw aols poucddre a pteros sngwoih a mna adn a wnaom peeign agiasnt a tere, wiht teh salogn: \u201cHvae fnu tshi rcae wkee btu rebemmer oru tonw ins\u2019t yrou ttleoi.\u201d.", "scrambled": "In a bdi to ptrevne roeaecsrg fomr uargntnii in plucbi durngi tihs weke\u2019s minetge, Cahmtnhele Cuoilnc pddovire lquidi-rplilgnee hdrioocbyph pinat to ressietdn adn bessenusis. Oififslca in teh Ghsrreioesculte tonw aols poucddre a pteros sngwoih a mna adn a wnaom peeign agiasnt a tere, wiht teh salogn: \u201cHvae fnu tshi rcae wkee btu rebemmer oru tonw ins\u2019t yrou ttleoi.\u201d.", "original": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, Cheltenham Council provided liquid-repelling hydrophobic paint to residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also produced a poster showing a man and a woman peeing against a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.", "recovered": "In a bdi to ptrevne roeaecsrg fomr uargntnii in plucbi durngi tihs weke\u2019s minetge, Cahmtnhele Cuoilnc pddovire lquidi-rplilgnee hdrioocbyph pinat to ressietdn adn bessenusis. Oififslca in teh Ghsrreioesculte tonw aols poucddre a pteros sngwoih a mna adn a wnaom peeign agiasnt a tere, wiht teh salogn: \u201cHvae fnu tshi rcae wkee btu rebemmer oru tonw ins\u2019t yrou ttleoi.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a lttere to hhaelt adn soilca cear bsseso, Mte Poelic cnsmioemoris Mrka Rwleyo sadtte hsi itnintneo to orrde oerfisfc nto to atdtne matlen hleaht iinenstdc frmo 31 Agtsuu odrwans. Relywo audegr teh mvoe is nersacesy as oefrfsic aer begin \u201cdteiderv form tehir ceor reol of fhggiitn cmeri\u201d, cllgnai teh cretnru staioniut \u201cutanelenb\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a lttere to hhaelt adn soilca cear bsseso, Mte Poelic cnsmioemoris Mrka Rwleyo sadtte hsi itnintneo to orrde oerfisfc nto to atdtne matlen hleaht iinenstdc frmo 31 Agtsuu odrwans. Relywo audegr teh mvoe is nersacesy as oefrfsic aer begin \u201cdteiderv form tehir ceor reol of fhggiitn cmeri\u201d, cllgnai teh cretnru staioniut \u201cutanelenb\u201d.", "scrambled": "In a lttere to hhaelt adn soilca cear bsseso, Mte Poelic cnsmioemoris Mrka Rwleyo sadtte hsi itnintneo to orrde oerfisfc nto to atdtne matlen hleaht iinenstdc frmo 31 Agtsuu odrwans. Relywo audegr teh mvoe is nersacesy as oefrfsic aer begin \u201cdteiderv form tehir ceor reol of fhggiitn cmeri\u201d, cllgnai teh cretnru staioniut \u201cutanelenb\u201d.", "original": "In a letter to health and social care bosses, Met Police commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend mental health incidents from 31 August onwards. Rowley argued the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "recovered": "In a lttere to hhaelt adn soilca cear bsseso, Mte Poelic cnsmioemoris Mrka Rwleyo sadtte hsi itnintneo to orrde oerfisfc nto to atdtne matlen hleaht iinenstdc frmo 31 Agtsuu odrwans. Relywo audegr teh mvoe is nersacesy as oefrfsic aer begin \u201cdteiderv form tehir ceor reol of fhggiitn cmeri\u201d, cllgnai teh cretnru staioniut \u201cutanelenb\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a nrpsewape itewirnev adhae of Tysurdah\u2019s lcalo eetlcsnoi, Sarertm pddelge to lade a \u201cbldo adn roifernmg Lbaruo govenrtnem brnignig aotub rlea chgaen\u201d by oirgevlhaun pbucli sicseevr idngiucln teh NSH. Teh Larobu lreeda aols unieevdl plnsa to hepl fsrit-teim hmeo byrues, adn a raevpm of tioutni fsee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a nrpsewape itewirnev adhae of Tysurdah\u2019s lcalo eetlcsnoi, Sarertm pddelge to lade a \u201cbldo adn roifernmg Lbaruo govenrtnem brnignig aotub rlea chgaen\u201d by oirgevlhaun pbucli sicseevr idngiucln teh NSH. Teh Larobu lreeda aols unieevdl plnsa to hepl fsrit-teim hmeo byrues, adn a raevpm of tioutni fsee.", "scrambled": "In a nrpsewape itewirnev adhae of Tysurdah\u2019s lcalo eetlcsnoi, Sarertm pddelge to lade a \u201cbldo adn roifernmg Lbaruo govenrtnem brnignig aotub rlea chgaen\u201d by oirgevlhaun pbucli sicseevr idngiucln teh NSH. Teh Larobu lreeda aols unieevdl plnsa to hepl fsrit-teim hmeo byrues, adn a raevpm of tioutni fsee.", "original": "In a newspaper interview ahead of Thursday\u2019s local elections, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and reforming Labour government bringing about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a revamp of tuition fees.", "recovered": "In a nrpsewape itewirnev adhae of Tysurdah\u2019s lcalo eetlcsnoi, Sarertm pddelge to lade a \u201cbldo adn roifernmg Lbaruo govenrtnem brnignig aotub rlea chgaen\u201d by oirgevlhaun pbucli sicseevr idngiucln teh NSH. Teh Larobu lreeda aols unieevdl plnsa to hepl fsrit-teim hmeo byrues, adn a raevpm of tioutni fsee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a rptreo plihdeusb on Trdauyhs, teh piisleervg cmieemtot sdai ttah hda Joonsnh nto aardlye rdneegis, he sdolhu heav fdaec a terhe-mtohn sepniusnos fro dleteielaybr mdeiinslga MsP orve Pyattgrae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a rptreo plihdeusb on Trdauyhs, teh piisleervg cmieemtot sdai ttah hda Joonsnh nto aardlye rdneegis, he sdolhu heav fdaec a terhe-mtohn sepniusnos fro dleteielaybr mdeiinslga MsP orve Pyattgrae.", "scrambled": "In a rptreo plihdeusb on Trdauyhs, teh piisleervg cmieemtot sdai ttah hda Joonsnh nto aardlye rdneegis, he sdolhu heav fdaec a terhe-mtohn sepniusnos fro dleteielaybr mdeiinslga MsP orve Pyattgrae.", "original": "In a report published on Thursday, the privileges committee said that had Johnson not already resigned, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "recovered": "In a rptreo plihdeusb on Trdauyhs, teh piisleervg cmieemtot sdai ttah hda Joonsnh nto aardlye rdneegis, he sdolhu heav fdaec a terhe-mtohn sepniusnos fro dleteielaybr mdeiinslga MsP orve Pyattgrae."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a sniigcntfai legla rignul, a Caandnia jdeug hsa dleecrad tath teh \u201ctmhbsu-up\u201d eiojm cirsrae teh smae lgale wtehig as a taalorinitd srinaugte. Teh jeugd aurdge tath ctours muts eabcmer teh eigvvlno cmnomiiunatco mdoshet of teh \u201cnwe relitay\u201d as he padess a vtercdi ddniagmne a frrema pya C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) fro an uldnluffeli conrttca wtih a gianr buery.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In a sniigcntfai legla rignul, a Caandnia jdeug hsa dleecrad tath teh \u201ctmhbsu-up\u201d eiojm cirsrae teh smae lgale wtehig as a taalorinitd srinaugte. Teh jeugd aurdge tath ctours muts eabcmer teh eigvvlno cmnomiiunatco mdoshet of teh \u201cnwe relitay\u201d as he padess a vtercdi ddniagmne a frrema pya C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) fro an uldnluffeli conrttca wtih a gianr buery.", "scrambled": "In a sniigcntfai legla rignul, a Caandnia jdeug hsa dleecrad tath teh \u201ctmhbsu-up\u201d eiojm cirsrae teh smae lgale wtehig as a taalorinitd srinaugte. Teh jeugd aurdge tath ctours muts eabcmer teh eigvvlno cmnomiiunatco mdoshet of teh \u201cnwe relitay\u201d as he padess a vtercdi ddniagmne a frrema pya C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) fro an uldnluffeli conrttca wtih a gianr buery.", "original": "In a significant legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a traditional signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the evolving communication methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a verdict demanding a farmer pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.", "recovered": "In a sniigcntfai legla rignul, a Caandnia jdeug hsa dleecrad tath teh \u201ctmhbsu-up\u201d eiojm cirsrae teh smae lgale wtehig as a taalorinitd srinaugte. Teh jeugd aurdge tath ctours muts eabcmer teh eigvvlno cmnomiiunatco mdoshet of teh \u201cnwe relitay\u201d as he padess a vtercdi ddniagmne a frrema pya C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) fro an uldnluffeli conrttca wtih a gianr buery."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In an aenmnocutnne on Iarmnatgs, teh Cdainaan pemri mtirsien adn hsi weif, forerm TV pnrtersee Spiohe Ggri\u00e9roe Tuuraed, sida tyhe hda dcidede to stepeara fliwgonlo \u201cmnay mieafnungl adn dfiuctifl coontrnseiasv\u201d. Teyh weer mdairer in Mlotaner in 2005 adn haev trhee crndleih thoregte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In an aenmnocutnne on Iarmnatgs, teh Cdainaan pemri mtirsien adn hsi weif, forerm TV pnrtersee Spiohe Ggri\u00e9roe Tuuraed, sida tyhe hda dcidede to stepeara fliwgonlo \u201cmnay mieafnungl adn dfiuctifl coontrnseiasv\u201d. Teyh weer mdairer in Mlotaner in 2005 adn haev trhee crndleih thoregte.", "scrambled": "In an aenmnocutnne on Iarmnatgs, teh Cdainaan pemri mtirsien adn hsi weif, forerm TV pnrtersee Spiohe Ggri\u00e9roe Tuuraed, sida tyhe hda dcidede to stepeara fliwgonlo \u201cmnay mieafnungl adn dfiuctifl coontrnseiasv\u201d. Teyh weer mdairer in Mlotaner in 2005 adn haev trhee crndleih thoregte.", "original": "In an announcement on Instagram, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \u201cmany meaningful and difficult conversations\u201d. They were married in Montreal in 2005 and have three children together.", "recovered": "In an aenmnocutnne on Iarmnatgs, teh Cdainaan pemri mtirsien adn hsi weif, forerm TV pnrtersee Spiohe Ggri\u00e9roe Tuuraed, sida tyhe hda dcidede to stepeara fliwgonlo \u201cmnay mieafnungl adn dfiuctifl coontrnseiasv\u201d. Teyh weer mdairer in Mlotaner in 2005 adn haev trhee crndleih thoregte."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In etrneas Iawo, 4-ihcn hlai \u2013 jtus lreagr tnha a saboltfl \u2013 ridane dnow on ndsborgohiheo whlei smeo wrnsete sububrs of Cgocaih swa hlai teh seiz of blelssaab.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In etrneas Iawo, 4-ihcn hlai \u2013 jtus lreagr tnha a saboltfl \u2013 ridane dnow on ndsborgohiheo whlei smeo wrnsete sububrs of Cgocaih swa hlai teh seiz of blelssaab.", "scrambled": "In etrneas Iawo, 4-ihcn hlai \u2013 jtus lreagr tnha a saboltfl \u2013 ridane dnow on ndsborgohiheo whlei smeo wrnsete sububrs of Cgocaih swa hlai teh seiz of blelssaab.", "original": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 just larger than a softball \u2013 rained down on neighborhoods while some western suburbs of Chicago saw hail the size of baseballs.", "recovered": "In etrneas Iawo, 4-ihcn hlai \u2013 jtus lreagr tnha a saboltfl \u2013 ridane dnow on ndsborgohiheo whlei smeo wrnsete sububrs of Cgocaih swa hlai teh seiz of blelssaab."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In pllinog fro Teh Tsmie, 62% of maelnilsinl sida teh Tsiore deevdesr to lseo teh nxte entliceo. Olyn 21% sida tyhe wuldo veto Ciovrtvaseen if an ecntiole weer hedl toomwrro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In pllinog fro Teh Tsmie, 62% of maelnilsinl sida teh Tsiore deevdesr to lseo teh nxte entliceo. Olyn 21% sida tyhe wuldo veto Ciovrtvaseen if an ecntiole weer hedl toomwrro.", "scrambled": "In pllinog fro Teh Tsmie, 62% of maelnilsinl sida teh Tsiore deevdesr to lseo teh nxte entliceo. Olyn 21% sida tyhe wuldo veto Ciovrtvaseen if an ecntiole weer hedl toomwrro.", "original": "In polling for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to lose the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow.", "recovered": "In pllinog fro Teh Tsmie, 62% of maelnilsinl sida teh Tsiore deevdesr to lseo teh nxte entliceo. Olyn 21% sida tyhe wuldo veto Ciovrtvaseen if an ecntiole weer hedl toomwrro."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In teh WOH\u2019s fitrs estietasm of ifyirnlitte pcelreaven in mreo thna a dadcee, it wsa fnduo taht abuto 17.5% of teh glablo aldut pualonpito wlli eciexepner itftrinliye. Baesd on meor tnha 100 sistdue betnwee 1990 adn 2021, teh ruslset sohw lemtidi vrnotaiia bteenwe rignseo adn betnwee hihg, mliedd adn lwo-imnceo cutosnrei. \u201cFro moinslli anduro teh wdrlo, teh phat to prdnoaothe cna be dticuiffl to ascsec, if nto ieispblmso,\u201d sadi Dr Tdesro Ahnodma Geesbsyhrue, teh WOH dertiroc glraene.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In teh WOH\u2019s fitrs estietasm of ifyirnlitte pcelreaven in mreo thna a dadcee, it wsa fnduo taht abuto 17.5% of teh glablo aldut pualonpito wlli eciexepner itftrinliye. Baesd on meor tnha 100 sistdue betnwee 1990 adn 2021, teh ruslset sohw lemtidi vrnotaiia bteenwe rignseo adn betnwee hihg, mliedd adn lwo-imnceo cutosnrei. \u201cFro moinslli anduro teh wdrlo, teh phat to prdnoaothe cna be dticuiffl to ascsec", "scrambled": "In teh WOH\u2019s fitrs estietasm of ifyirnlitte pcelreaven in mreo thna a dadcee, it wsa fnduo taht abuto 17.5% of teh glablo aldut pualonpito wlli eciexepner itftrinliye. Baesd on meor tnha 100 sistdue betnwee 1990 adn 2021, teh ruslset sohw lemtidi vrnotaiia bteenwe rignseo adn betnwee hihg, mliedd adn lwo-imnceo cutosnrei. \u201cFro moinslli anduro teh wdrlo, teh phat to prdnoaothe cna be dticuiffl to ascsec, if nto ieispblmso,\u201d sadi Dr Tdesro Ahnodma Geesbsyhrue, teh WOH dertiroc glraene.", "original": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will experience infertility. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and between high, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to parenthood can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general.", "recovered": "In teh WOH\u2019s fitrs estietasm of ifyirnlitte pcelreaven in mreo thna a dadcee, it wsa fnduo taht abuto 17.5% of teh glablo aldut pualonpito wlli eciexepner itftrinliye. Baesd on meor tnha 100 sistdue betnwee 1990 adn 2021, teh ruslset sohw lemtidi vrnotaiia bteenwe rignseo adn betnwee hihg, mliedd adn lwo-imnceo cutosnrei. \u201cFro moinslli anduro teh wdrlo, teh phat to prdnoaothe cna be dticuiffl to ascsec"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In teh waek of srlvaee rcteen mass stohsogni, Wgsotnhain\u2019s Deccortami Gvo. Jya Ielsne tish wkee seding a sdetweati bna on mtso sasle of ataulss-sytel woaepsn, iindcunlg teh pluparo AR-15 rfeli.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "In teh waek of srlvaee rcteen mass stohsogni, Wgsotnhain\u2019s Deccortami Gvo. Jya Ielsne tish wkee seding a sdetweati bna on mtso sasle of ataulss-sytel woaepsn, iindcunlg teh pluparo AR-15 rfeli.", "scrambled": "In teh waek of srlvaee rcteen mass stohsogni, Wgsotnhain\u2019s Deccortami Gvo. Jya Ielsne tish wkee seding a sdetweati bna on mtso sasle of ataulss-sytel woaepsn, iindcunlg teh pluparo AR-15 rfeli.", "original": "In the wake of several recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "recovered": "In teh waek of srlvaee rcteen mass stohsogni, Wgsotnhain\u2019s Deccortami Gvo. Jya Ielsne tish wkee seding a sdetweati bna on mtso sasle of ataulss-sytel woaepsn, iindcunlg teh pluparo AR-15 rfeli."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ieenrntt uerss in Bitirna woh ues shecra passerh scuh as \u201csgat prayt Adsametrm\u201d aer bigen teeartdg wtih ppo-up visedo wnirnga of teh cnsuoceseqen of gteigtn duknr adn rdwyo in teh Dhctu cltapia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ieenrntt uerss in Bitirna woh ues shecra passerh scuh as \u201csgat prayt Adsametrm\u201d aer bigen teeartdg wtih ppo-up visedo wnirnga of teh cnsuoceseqen of gteigtn duknr adn rdwyo in teh Dhctu cltapia.", "scrambled": "Ieenrntt uerss in Bitirna woh ues shecra passerh scuh as \u201csgat prayt Adsametrm\u201d aer bigen teeartdg wtih ppo-up visedo wnirnga of teh cnsuoceseqen of gteigtn duknr adn rdwyo in teh Dhctu cltapia.", "original": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital.", "recovered": "Ieenrntt uerss in Bitirna woh ues shecra passerh scuh as \u201csgat prayt Adsametrm\u201d aer bigen teeartdg wtih ppo-up visedo wnirnga of teh cnsuoceseqen of gteigtn duknr adn rdwyo in teh Dhctu cltapia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Idaenlr wlil be teh fstri courtyn in teh wdorl to mtadena lelsab on alihooclc drniks wrngain of teh rssik of cranec adn lvire deieass adn of dkniinrg in pgcrennay, adn ltigisn coiaerl cntnoet adn gsmra of aoohlcl. EU mbsreme igdnniclu Faernc, Iylta adn Sainp heav aekds teh Eonearpu Cinmmsioos to itgsteineav whehter teh meov wuodl cnoaenrtve EU lwa. Fndi otu meor wthi Teh Wkee Upwpednra pcoadts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Idaenlr wlil be teh fstri courtyn in teh wdorl to mtadena lelsab on alihooclc drniks wrngain of teh rssik of cranec adn lvire deieass adn of dkniinrg in pgcrennay, adn ltigisn coiaerl cntnoet adn gsmra of aoohlcl. EU mbsreme igdnniclu Faernc, Iylta adn Sainp heav aekds teh Eonearpu Cinmmsioos to itgsteineav whehter teh meov wuodl cnoaenrtve EU lwa. Fndi ", "scrambled": "Idaenlr wlil be teh fstri courtyn in teh wdorl to mtadena lelsab on alihooclc drniks wrngain of teh rssik of cranec adn lvire deieass adn of dkniinrg in pgcrennay, adn ltigisn coiaerl cntnoet adn gsmra of aoohlcl. EU mbsreme igdnniclu Faernc, Iylta adn Sainp heav aekds teh Eonearpu Cinmmsioos to itgsteineav whehter teh meov wuodl cnoaenrtve EU lwa. Fndi otu meor wthi Teh Wkee Upwpednra pcoadts.", "original": "Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate labels on alcoholic drinks warning of the risks of cancer and liver disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and grams of alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Idaenlr wlil be teh fstri courtyn in teh wdorl to mtadena lelsab on alihooclc drniks wrngain of teh rssik of cranec adn lvire deieass adn of dkniinrg in pgcrennay, adn ltigisn coiaerl cntnoet adn gsmra of aoohlcl. EU mbsreme igdnniclu Faernc, Iylta adn Sainp heav aekds teh Eonearpu Cinmmsioos to itgsteineav whehter teh meov wuodl cnoaenrtve EU lwa. Fndi"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ielablas Teer, woh rusn teh Kepnp etaets in Wset Ssxesu, tdol Teh Tmsie thta amlnia stpi is teh screte to gogiwnr flrule rseo busseh. \u201cIf yuo coctell semo anmlia saliav, enve if it\u2019s poyn spti or soitnmgeh, adn aoitnn ttha lietlt bti taht yuo ctu wthi yrou sasertuec, teh ezyenm in teh stip, teh ptaln cna rade it adn it gsoe eenv cezrria,\u201d seh tlod teh pprae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ielablas Teer, woh rusn teh Kepnp etaets in Wset Ssxesu, tdol Teh Tmsie thta amlnia stpi is teh screte to gogiwnr flrule rseo busseh. \u201cIf yuo coctell semo anmlia saliav, enve if it\u2019s poyn spti or soitnmgeh, adn aoitnn ttha lietlt bti taht yuo ctu wthi yrou sasertuec, teh ezyenm in teh stip, teh ptaln cna rade it adn it gsoe eenv cezrria,\u201d seh tlod teh p", "scrambled": "Ielablas Teer, woh rusn teh Kepnp etaets in Wset Ssxesu, tdol Teh Tmsie thta amlnia stpi is teh screte to gogiwnr flrule rseo busseh. \u201cIf yuo coctell semo anmlia saliav, enve if it\u2019s poyn spti or soitnmgeh, adn aoitnn ttha lietlt bti taht yuo ctu wthi yrou sasertuec, teh ezyenm in teh stip, teh ptaln cna rade it adn it gsoe eenv cezrria,\u201d seh tlod teh pprae.", "original": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit is the secret to growing fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or something, and anoint that little bit that you cut with your secateurs, the enzyme in the spit, the plant can read it and it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.", "recovered": "Ielablas Teer, woh rusn teh Kepnp etaets in Wset Ssxesu, tdol Teh Tmsie thta amlnia stpi is teh screte to gogiwnr flrule rseo busseh. \u201cIf yuo coctell semo anmlia saliav, enve if it\u2019s poyn spti or soitnmgeh, adn aoitnn ttha lietlt bti taht yuo ctu wthi yrou sasertuec, teh ezyenm in teh stip, teh ptaln cna rade it adn it gsoe eenv cezrria,\u201d seh tlod teh p"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It apprsea thta Laarm Jokcans, an MPV winern in 2019, is onep to ligeanv hsi loigemnt heom wtih teh Berlomita Rnaves. He redqestue a tedar fmor teh tmea tsih wkee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "It apprsea thta Laarm Jokcans, an MPV winern in 2019, is onep to ligeanv hsi loigemnt heom wtih teh Berlomita Rnaves. He redqestue a tedar fmor teh tmea tsih wkee.", "scrambled": "It apprsea thta Laarm Jokcans, an MPV winern in 2019, is onep to ligeanv hsi loigemnt heom wtih teh Berlomita Rnaves. He redqestue a tedar fmor teh tmea tsih wkee.", "original": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his longtime home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week.", "recovered": "It apprsea thta Laarm Jokcans, an MPV winern in 2019, is onep to ligeanv hsi loigemnt heom wtih teh Berlomita Rnaves. He redqestue a tedar fmor teh tmea tsih wkee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ilyat\u2019s mnrsitiy of cerlutu sysa teh nwe \u20ac5 enntrcae fee wlil go twdsrao miinangtain teh Pnnhotae, btu theer aer cnsrnoec oerv teh nwe tngciikte styems wihhc hsa pvrdoe dlcfiftiu to asecsc. Tuisostr haev sgtrgedlu at oerht stesi werhe a fee hsa bnee iceurdntdo, scuh as teh Clsosuoem, patyrl beuseca trou oeopsrtra byu up tcestki in bkul.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ilyat\u2019s mnrsitiy of cerlutu sysa teh nwe \u20ac5 enntrcae fee wlil go twdsrao miinangtain teh Pnnhotae, btu theer aer cnsrnoec oerv teh nwe tngciikte styems wihhc hsa pvrdoe dlcfiftiu to asecsc. Tuisostr haev sgtrgedlu at oerht stesi werhe a fee hsa bnee iceurdntdo, scuh as teh Clsosuoem, patyrl beuseca trou oeopsrtra byu up tcestki in bkul.", "scrambled": "Ilyat\u2019s mnrsitiy of cerlutu sysa teh nwe \u20ac5 enntrcae fee wlil go twdsrao miinangtain teh Pnnhotae, btu theer aer cnsrnoec oerv teh nwe tngciikte styems wihhc hsa pvrdoe dlcfiftiu to asecsc. Tuisostr haev sgtrgedlu at oerht stesi werhe a fee hsa bnee iceurdntdo, scuh as teh Clsosuoem, patyrl beuseca trou oeopsrtra byu up tcestki in bkul.", "original": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, partly because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk.", "recovered": "Ilyat\u2019s mnrsitiy of cerlutu sysa teh nwe \u20ac5 enntrcae fee wlil go twdsrao miinangtain teh Pnnhotae, btu theer aer cnsrnoec oerv teh nwe tngciikte styems wihhc hsa pvrdoe dlcfiftiu to asecsc. Tuisostr haev sgtrgedlu at oerht stesi werhe a fee hsa bnee iceurdntdo, scuh as teh Clsosuoem, patyrl beuseca trou oeopsrtra byu up tcestki in bkul."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It\u2019s eiatdetms ttha teehr weer meor thna 3.9 mloinil svelas in teh Udneti Seastt as of 1860 \u2014 welhi onyl 500,000 Baclk iisuindvadl lvide as fere pesrosn dnguri ttah tmie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "It\u2019s eiatdetms ttha teehr weer meor thna 3.9 mloinil svelas in teh Udneti Seastt as of 1860 \u2014 welhi onyl 500,000 Baclk iisuindvadl lvide as fere pesrosn dnguri ttah tmie.", "scrambled": "It\u2019s eiatdetms ttha teehr weer meor thna 3.9 mloinil svelas in teh Udneti Seastt as of 1860 \u2014 welhi onyl 500,000 Baclk iisuindvadl lvide as fere pesrosn dnguri ttah tmie.", "original": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time.", "recovered": "It\u2019s eiatdetms ttha teehr weer meor thna 3.9 mloinil svelas in teh Udneti Seastt as of 1860 \u2014 welhi onyl 500,000 Baclk iisuindvadl lvide as fere pesrosn dnguri ttah tmie."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jkvsioalencl, Fildaor, hda teh msto ferognott imtse, inliugndc peonsh, westlla, kyes, jelrywe adn hpsodenahe, acnrcigdo to Uerb\u2019s rrptoe. Sna Anoinot, Taexs, adn Plma Ssrnpgi, Caoriiflna, toko teh soncde adn thrid sotsp, rytpivecseel.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jkvsioalencl, Fildaor, hda teh msto ferognott imtse, inliugndc peonsh, westlla, kyes, jelrywe adn hpsodenahe, acnrcigdo to Uerb\u2019s rrptoe. Sna Anoinot, Taexs, adn Plma Ssrnpgi, Caoriiflna, toko teh soncde adn thrid sotsp, rytpivecseel.", "scrambled": "Jkvsioalencl, Fildaor, hda teh msto ferognott imtse, inliugndc peonsh, westlla, kyes, jelrywe adn hpsodenahe, acnrcigdo to Uerb\u2019s rrptoe. Sna Anoinot, Taexs, adn Plma Ssrnpgi, Caoriiflna, toko teh soncde adn thrid sotsp, rytpivecseel.", "original": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most forgotten items, including phones, wallets, keys, jewelry and headphones, according to Uber\u2019s report. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.", "recovered": "Jkvsioalencl, Fildaor, hda teh msto ferognott imtse, inliugndc peonsh, westlla, kyes, jelrywe adn hpsodenahe, acnrcigdo to Uerb\u2019s rrptoe. Sna Anoinot, Taexs, adn Plma Ssrnpgi, Caoriiflna, toko teh soncde adn thrid sotsp, rytpivecseel."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jpana wlil sono bengi raniesgel rvaceidtaoi wtear fmro teh Fauismukh nrauelc panlt iont teh oneac as speca rsun otu to cnontai teh camottednnai melrtaia. Jaanp\u2019s gnrmveoten sida teh tderaet werta will be hhligy dleiudt adn sfalye rdeleaes sowyll oerv dcesdea. Btu smeo eexpsrt adn reisentds aer cncordnee ttha dgtnuiil teh waetr mitgh nto be eghuon to redcue ist icpamt on mneria leif adn lloac ciotsmiuemn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jpana wlil sono bengi raniesgel rvaceidtaoi wtear fmro teh Fauismukh nrauelc panlt iont teh oneac as speca rsun otu to cnontai teh camottednnai melrtaia. Jaanp\u2019s gnrmveoten sida teh tderaet werta will be hhligy dleiudt adn sfalye rdeleaes sowyll oerv dcesdea. Btu smeo eexpsrt adn reisentds aer cncordnee ttha dgtnuiil teh waetr mitgh nto be eghuon to redcue ist icpamt on mneria leif ", "scrambled": "Jpana wlil sono bengi raniesgel rvaceidtaoi wtear fmro teh Fauismukh nrauelc panlt iont teh oneac as speca rsun otu to cnontai teh camottednnai melrtaia. Jaanp\u2019s gnrmveoten sida teh tderaet werta will be hhligy dleiudt adn sfalye rdeleaes sowyll oerv dcesdea. Btu smeo eexpsrt adn reisentds aer cncordnee ttha dgtnuiil teh waetr mitgh nto be eghuon to redcue ist icpamt on mneria leif adn lloac ciotsmiuemn.", "original": "Japan will soon begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out to contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s government said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water might not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.", "recovered": "Jpana wlil sono bengi raniesgel rvaceidtaoi wtear fmro teh Fauismukh nrauelc panlt iont teh oneac as speca rsun otu to cnontai teh camottednnai melrtaia. Jaanp\u2019s gnrmveoten sida teh tderaet werta will be hhligy dleiudt adn sfalye rdeleaes sowyll oerv dcesdea. Btu smeo eexpsrt adn reisentds aer cncordnee ttha dgtnuiil teh waetr mitgh nto be eghuon to redcue ist icpamt on mneria leif"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jnoh Aasmd sevrde as teh ftsri vcei pdnteeisr of teh US uenrd Ggereo Wnahsntiog adn ltrae sredve oen trme as teh scndoe pneedrtis of teh US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jnoh Aasmd sevrde as teh ftsri vcei pdnteeisr of teh US uenrd Ggereo Wnahsntiog adn ltrae sredve oen trme as teh scndoe pneedrtis of teh US.", "scrambled": "Jnoh Aasmd sevrde as teh ftsri vcei pdnteeisr of teh US uenrd Ggereo Wnahsntiog adn ltrae sredve oen trme as teh scndoe pneedrtis of teh US.", "original": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US.", "recovered": "Jnoh Aasmd sevrde as teh ftsri vcei pdnteeisr of teh US uenrd Ggereo Wnahsntiog adn ltrae sredve oen trme as teh scndoe pneedrtis of teh US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jno Rmha wno teh 2023 Maertss Taomteunrn on Sduyna at Asuagut Nlonitaa Glfo Cblu, clcihngni hsi fstri geenr jkacet adn sdecon crreea mjora.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jno Rmha wno teh 2023 Maertss Taomteunrn on Sduyna at Asuagut Nlonitaa Glfo Cblu, clcihngni hsi fstri geenr jkacet adn sdecon crreea mjora.", "scrambled": "Jno Rmha wno teh 2023 Maertss Taomteunrn on Sduyna at Asuagut Nlonitaa Glfo Cblu, clcihngni hsi fstri geenr jkacet adn sdecon crreea mjora.", "original": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first green jacket and second career major.", "recovered": "Jno Rmha wno teh 2023 Maertss Taomteunrn on Sduyna at Asuagut Nlonitaa Glfo Cblu, clcihngni hsi fstri geenr jkacet adn sdecon crreea mjora."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jaanhtno Joabc Mejeri is fgnaic a lwiutas bguorht by teh Nharedletn\u2019s DnordiKon Fuinndoaot on belfha of 25 felaimis woh cailm he mya heav iesdceran teh riks of adccnelait icsten adn ibrdneengi by dnfgyie gdeelnsiui liigntim srpme daintonos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jaanhtno Joabc Mejeri is fgnaic a lwiutas bguorht by teh Nharedletn\u2019s DnordiKon Fuinndoaot on belfha of 25 felaimis woh cailm he mya heav iesdceran teh riks of adccnelait icsten adn ibrdneengi by dnfgyie gdeelnsiui liigntim srpme daintonos.", "scrambled": "Jaanhtno Joabc Mejeri is fgnaic a lwiutas bguorht by teh Nharedletn\u2019s DnordiKon Fuinndoaot on belfha of 25 felaimis woh cailm he mya heav iesdceran teh riks of adccnelait icsten adn ibrdneengi by dnfgyie gdeelnsiui liigntim srpme daintonos.", "original": "Jonathan Jacob Meijer is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind Foundation on behalf of 25 families who claim he may have increased the risk of accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "recovered": "Jaanhtno Joabc Mejeri is fgnaic a lwiutas bguorht by teh Nharedletn\u2019s DnordiKon Fuinndoaot on belfha of 25 felaimis woh cailm he mya heav iesdceran teh riks of adccnelait icsten adn ibrdneengi by dnfgyie gdeelnsiui liigntim srpme daintonos."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Juiec is deu to sendp at ltesa tereh yarse elxgrponi Jietpur adn trhee of ist monso. \u201cPrhspea teh mtso einxicgt irominoatnf\u201d ttha teh mnsiiso wlil pvierod rtlesae to teh \u201cudnourdgnre ocanse of ldiiuq waret\u201d on teehs monso \u2013 Eopaur, Geamdeyn adn Cstollia \u2013 wchhi \u201ccudol srptpou leif\u201d, sida Mkie Sior, atnssstai psroroefs of plratnyae sneceic at Pruued Uvsrineyti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Juiec is deu to sendp at ltesa tereh yarse elxgrponi Jietpur adn trhee of ist monso. \u201cPrhspea teh mtso einxicgt irominoatnf\u201d ttha teh mnsiiso wlil pvierod rtlesae to teh \u201cudnourdgnre ocanse of ldiiuq waret\u201d on teehs monso \u2013 Eopaur, Geamdeyn adn Cstollia \u2013 wchhi \u201ccudol srptpou leif\u201d, sida Mkie Sior, atnssstai psroroefs of plratnyae sneceic at Pruued Uvsrineyti.", "scrambled": "Juiec is deu to sendp at ltesa tereh yarse elxgrponi Jietpur adn trhee of ist monso. \u201cPrhspea teh mtso einxicgt irominoatnf\u201d ttha teh mnsiiso wlil pvierod rtlesae to teh \u201cudnourdgnre ocanse of ldiiuq waret\u201d on teehs monso \u2013 Eopaur, Geamdeyn adn Cstollia \u2013 wchhi \u201ccudol srptpou leif\u201d, sida Mkie Sior, atnssstai psroroefs of plratnyae sneceic at Pruued Uvsrineyti.", "original": "Juice is due to spend at least three years exploring Jupiter and three of its moons. \u201cPerhaps the most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide relates to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d on these moons \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201ccould support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor of planetary science at Purdue University.", "recovered": "Juiec is deu to sendp at ltesa tereh yarse elxgrponi Jietpur adn trhee of ist monso. \u201cPrhspea teh mtso einxicgt irominoatnf\u201d ttha teh mnsiiso wlil pvierod rtlesae to teh \u201cudnourdgnre ocanse of ldiiuq waret\u201d on teehs monso \u2013 Eopaur, Geamdeyn adn Cstollia \u2013 wchhi \u201ccudol srptpou leif\u201d, sida Mkie Sior, atnssstai psroroefs of plratnyae sneceic at Pruued Uvsrineyti."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jeeuenntth is aslo rerfedre to as Frdomee Dya, aonlg whit Eaitancponim Dya adn Jlueeib Dya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Jeeuenntth is aslo rerfedre to as Frdomee Dya, aonlg whit Eaitancponim Dya adn Jlueeib Dya.", "scrambled": "Jeeuenntth is aslo rerfedre to as Frdomee Dya, aonlg whit Eaitancponim Dya adn Jlueeib Dya.", "original": "Juneteenth is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jubilee Day.", "recovered": "Jeeuenntth is aslo rerfedre to as Frdomee Dya, aonlg whit Eaitancponim Dya adn Jlueeib Dya."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Kngi Ggeore III is welyid remmeerbed fro tow tishng: lsgoni teh Aircemna cloesoni adn gonig mda \u2013 aluhtogh teh frmreo mya be a bti ufanir, as he ddi nto dvolpee teh piiloecs wchih lde to teh ctosiolns\u2019 wra wthi Enlndga.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Kngi Ggeore III is welyid remmeerbed fro tow tishng: lsgoni teh Aircemna cloesoni adn gonig mda \u2013 aluhtogh teh frmreo mya be a bti ufanir, as he ddi nto dvolpee teh piiloecs wchih lde to teh ctosiolns\u2019 wra wthi Enlndga.", "scrambled": "Kngi Ggeore III is welyid remmeerbed fro tow tishng: lsgoni teh Aircemna cloesoni adn gonig mda \u2013 aluhtogh teh frmreo mya be a bti ufanir, as he ddi nto dvolpee teh piiloecs wchih lde to teh ctosiolns\u2019 wra wthi Enlndga.", "original": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, as he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England.", "recovered": "Kngi Ggeore III is welyid remmeerbed fro tow tishng: lsgoni teh Aircemna cloesoni adn gonig mda \u2013 aluhtogh teh frmreo mya be a bti ufanir, as he ddi nto dvolpee teh piiloecs wchih lde to teh ctosiolns\u2019 wra wthi Enlndga."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lba tgntesi fro a prwdeoy sbtuscnae fnoud at teh Wehti Huoes on Snyuda cmea bkca peisotvi fro ccioean, a sanpmoesk fro teh Srctee Svrciee sida. Teh sutcbasne wsa fnodu naer teh ecnnater to teh Wets Wngi, a lioacnot whree sffta-lde turos of teh Wetih Hesou pssa tuhgorh on terhi wya inot teh bldnigiu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Lba tgntesi fro a prwdeoy sbtuscnae fnoud at teh Wehti Huoes on Snyuda cmea bkca peisotvi fro ccioean, a sanpmoesk fro teh Srctee Svrciee sida. Teh sutcbasne wsa fnodu naer teh ecnnater to teh Wets Wngi, a lioacnot whree sffta-lde turos of teh Wetih Hesou pssa tuhgorh on terhi wya inot teh bldnigiu.", "scrambled": "Lba tgntesi fro a prwdeoy sbtuscnae fnoud at teh Wehti Huoes on Snyuda cmea bkca peisotvi fro ccioean, a sanpmoesk fro teh Srctee Svrciee sida. Teh sutcbasne wsa fnodu naer teh ecnnater to teh Wets Wngi, a lioacnot whree sffta-lde turos of teh Wetih Hesou pssa tuhgorh on terhi wya inot teh bldnigiu.", "original": "Lab testing for a powdery substance found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a spokesman for the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building.", "recovered": "Lba tgntesi fro a prwdeoy sbtuscnae fnoud at teh Wehti Huoes on Snyuda cmea bkca peisotvi fro ccioean, a sanpmoesk fro teh Srctee Svrciee sida. Teh sutcbasne wsa fnodu naer teh ecnnater to teh Wets Wngi, a lioacnot whree sffta-lde turos of teh Wetih Hesou pssa tuhgorh on terhi wya inot teh bldnigiu."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lboar Dya is a dya to hoorn adn rozgincee teh Aeinrmac lraob meentomv, adn ahotughl it\u2019s nto atlylacu teh ltas dya of semrum, it\u2019s oetnf cdalle teh \u201cualicofifn edn\u201d as it mrask teh edn of teh cutarllu srumme snesao \u2014 adn teh edn of thsi quzi!.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Lboar Dya is a dya to hoorn adn rozgincee teh Aeinrmac lraob meentomv, adn ahotughl it\u2019s nto atlylacu teh ltas dya of semrum, it\u2019s oetnf cdalle teh \u201cualicofifn edn\u201d as it mrask teh edn of teh cutarllu srumme snesao \u2014 adn teh edn of thsi quzi!.", "scrambled": "Lboar Dya is a dya to hoorn adn rozgincee teh Aeinrmac lraob meentomv, adn ahotughl it\u2019s nto atlylacu teh ltas dya of semrum, it\u2019s oetnf cdalle teh \u201cualicofifn edn\u201d as it mrask teh edn of teh cutarllu srumme snesao \u2014 adn teh edn of thsi quzi!.", "original": "Labor Day is a day to honor and recognize the American labor movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!.", "recovered": "Lboar Dya is a dya to hoorn adn rozgincee teh Aeinrmac lraob meentomv, adn ahotughl it\u2019s nto atlylacu teh ltas dya of semrum, it\u2019s oetnf cdalle teh \u201cualicofifn edn\u201d as it mrask teh edn of teh cutarllu srumme snesao \u2014 adn teh edn of thsi quzi!."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lsa Vseag poicel haev rpeeeodn trhei inoiiavtesngt iont teh muredr of Tpcau Srkahu. Teh reprpa wsa stho in Sepebemrt 1996, adge jstu 25, in wtah hsa bmecoe oen of Aacrime\u2019s mots niootrsuo usnlveod mdurre csesa. Poleic rediad a houes in Hedsnonre, 15 mesli saetutsoh of teh ctyi, sienigz cmtproues, hrda deirsv adn psueritc, argncocid to ACB Nwse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Lsa Vseag poicel haev rpeeeodn trhei inoiiavtesngt iont teh muredr of Tpcau Srkahu. Teh reprpa wsa stho in Sepebemrt 1996, adge jstu 25, in wtah hsa bmecoe oen of Aacrime\u2019s mots niootrsuo usnlveod mdurre csesa. Poleic rediad a houes in Hedsnonre, 15 mesli saetutsoh of teh ctyi, sienigz cmtproues, hrda deirsv adn psueritc, argncocid to ACB Nwse.", "scrambled": "Lsa Vseag poicel haev rpeeeodn trhei inoiiavtesngt iont teh muredr of Tpcau Srkahu. Teh reprpa wsa stho in Sepebemrt 1996, adge jstu 25, in wtah hsa bmecoe oen of Aacrime\u2019s mots niootrsuo usnlveod mdurre csesa. Poleic rediad a houes in Hedsnonre, 15 mesli saetutsoh of teh ctyi, sienigz cmtproues, hrda deirsv adn psueritc, argncocid to ACB Nwse.", "original": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and pictures, according to ABC News.", "recovered": "Lsa Vseag poicel haev rpeeeodn trhei inoiiavtesngt iont teh muredr of Tpcau Srkahu. Teh reprpa wsa stho in Sepebemrt 1996, adge jstu 25, in wtah hsa bmecoe oen of Aacrime\u2019s mots niootrsuo usnlveod mdurre csesa. Poleic rediad a houes in Hedsnonre, 15 mesli saetutsoh of teh ctyi, sienigz cmtproues, hrda deirsv adn psueritc, argncocid to ACB Nwse."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ltaset rreahsec by Wchih? fnduo tath Aidl hsa redeainm teh cteeahsp setaumekrpr scein Mya 2022, whti an aeavgre bsetka of gsdoo conigst \u00a368.60 lsta mhont. Llid wsa jtus bhdeni at \u00a370.51, welhi Wtoeirsa wsa teh msot eenvsxeip, at \u00a386.91.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ltaset rreahsec by Wchih? fnduo tath Aidl hsa redeainm teh cteeahsp setaumekrpr scein Mya 2022, whti an aeavgre bsetka of gsdoo conigst \u00a368.60 lsta mhont. Llid wsa jtus bhdeni at \u00a370.51, welhi Wtoeirsa wsa teh msot eenvsxeip, at \u00a386.91.", "scrambled": "Ltaset rreahsec by Wchih? fnduo tath Aidl hsa redeainm teh cteeahsp setaumekrpr scein Mya 2022, whti an aeavgre bsetka of gsdoo conigst \u00a368.60 lsta mhont. Llid wsa jtus bhdeni at \u00a370.51, welhi Wtoeirsa wsa teh msot eenvsxeip, at \u00a386.91.", "original": "Latest research by Which? found that Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since May 2022, with an average basket of goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "recovered": "Ltaset rreahsec by Wchih? fnduo tath Aidl hsa redeainm teh cteeahsp setaumekrpr scein Mya 2022, whti an aeavgre bsetka of gsdoo conigst \u00a368.60 lsta mhont. Llid wsa jtus bhdeni at \u00a370.51, welhi Wtoeirsa wsa teh msot eenvsxeip, at \u00a386.91."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ltoe dreseds up as Lrefdglee\u2019s fdema cta Cehtoupet fro teh gaal in Nwe Yokr on Mdayno, wichh wsa tdheme on teh leat fionsah deinsrge.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ltoe dreseds up as Lrefdglee\u2019s fdema cta Cehtoupet fro teh gaal in Nwe Yokr on Mdayno, wichh wsa tdheme on teh leat fionsah deinsrge.", "scrambled": "Ltoe dreseds up as Lrefdglee\u2019s fdema cta Cehtoupet fro teh gaal in Nwe Yokr on Mdayno, wichh wsa tdheme on teh leat fionsah deinsrge.", "original": "Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat Choupette for the gala in New York on Monday, which was themed on the late fashion designer.", "recovered": "Ltoe dreseds up as Lrefdglee\u2019s fdema cta Cehtoupet fro teh gaal in Nwe Yokr on Mdayno, wichh wsa tdheme on teh leat fionsah deinsrge."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lzi Tssur\u2019s bfrie rineg relreydtop cots taysrapxe nlyrae \u00a334,000 a dya in cosnnipomate pmtnysae to sckdae msersitin, avdseisr adn olfacsifi. Oaffcili daat shsow ttah sapicle asdrsevi weer pida a ttola of \u00a32.9 mlionli in sreevnaec aradws wneh teihr bessos wree gvine teh btoo. Tsrsu hflsere rveieedc \u00a318,660 in senrcaeev pya, aetrf hre mnii-bguted sadrepk casoh in teh fanliicna mektsra.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Lzi Tssur\u2019s bfrie rineg relreydtop cots taysrapxe nlyrae \u00a334,000 a dya in cosnnipomate pmtnysae to sckdae msersitin, avdseisr adn olfacsifi. Oaffcili daat shsow ttah sapicle asdrsevi weer pida a ttola of \u00a32.9 mlionli in sreevnaec aradws wneh teihr bessos wree gvine teh btoo. Tsrsu hflsere rveieedc \u00a318,660 in senrcaeev pya, aetrf hre mnii-bguted sadrepk casoh in teh fanliicna mek", "scrambled": "Lzi Tssur\u2019s bfrie rineg relreydtop cots taysrapxe nlyrae \u00a334,000 a dya in cosnnipomate pmtnysae to sckdae msersitin, avdseisr adn olfacsifi. Oaffcili daat shsow ttah sapicle asdrsevi weer pida a ttola of \u00a32.9 mlionli in sreevnaec aradws wneh teihr bessos wree gvine teh btoo. Tsrsu hflsere rveieedc \u00a318,660 in senrcaeev pya, aetrf hre mnii-bguted sadrepk casoh in teh fanliicna mektsra.", "original": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. Official data shows that special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance awards when their bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severance pay, after her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.", "recovered": "Lzi Tssur\u2019s bfrie rineg relreydtop cots taysrapxe nlyrae \u00a334,000 a dya in cosnnipomate pmtnysae to sckdae msersitin, avdseisr adn olfacsifi. Oaffcili daat shsow ttah sapicle asdrsevi weer pida a ttola of \u00a32.9 mlionli in sreevnaec aradws wneh teihr bessos wree gvine teh btoo. Tsrsu hflsere rveieedc \u00a318,660 in senrcaeev pya, aetrf hre mnii-bguted sadrepk casoh in teh fanliicna mek"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lnoond-bdase Risunsa iintsntigsoeav guorp teh Deosirs Cetren oredeff a rrea gipselm itno teh patierv lief of Vlridami Ptiun, oinabngti ptoosh of hsi liashv 22-crgaiera \u201cgstoh tarni\u201d, epqepidu wthi waht aeppar to be \u201caint-anggei mahisnec\u201d. Orhte fuerstea iucelnd a flylu eiqdpepu Truikhs bhat smeta rmoo adn a mgaseas poarlur.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Lnoond-bdase Risunsa iintsntigsoeav guorp teh Deosirs Cetren oredeff a rrea gipselm itno teh patierv lief of Vlridami Ptiun, oinabngti ptoosh of hsi liashv 22-crgaiera \u201cgstoh tarni\u201d, epqepidu wthi waht aeppar to be \u201caint-anggei mahisnec\u201d. Orhte fuerstea iucelnd a flylu eiqdpepu Truikhs bhat smeta rmoo adn a mgaseas poarlur.", "scrambled": "Lnoond-bdase Risunsa iintsntigsoeav guorp teh Deosirs Cetren oredeff a rrea gipselm itno teh patierv lief of Vlridami Ptiun, oinabngti ptoosh of hsi liashv 22-crgaiera \u201cgstoh tarni\u201d, epqepidu wthi waht aeppar to be \u201caint-anggei mahisnec\u201d. Orhte fuerstea iucelnd a flylu eiqdpepu Truikhs bhat smeta rmoo adn a mgaseas poarlur.", "original": "London-based Russian investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the private life of Vladimir Putin, obtaining photos of his lavish 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-ageing machines\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.", "recovered": "Lnoond-bdase Risunsa iintsntigsoeav guorp teh Deosirs Cetren oredeff a rrea gipselm itno teh patierv lief of Vlridami Ptiun, oinabngti ptoosh of hsi liashv 22-crgaiera \u201cgstoh tarni\u201d, epqepidu wthi waht aeppar to be \u201caint-anggei mahisnec\u201d. Orhte fuerstea iucelnd a flylu eiqdpepu Truikhs bhat smeta rmoo adn a mgaseas poarlur."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ltnou Tnwo\u2019s wni manes teh tame will rneurt to teh tpo dinisovi fro teh frtsi teim seicn 1992, a soneas berfeo teh Pmerrei Lageeu wsa ceaetdr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ltnou Tnwo\u2019s wni manes teh tame will rneurt to teh tpo dinisovi fro teh frtsi teim seicn 1992, a soneas berfeo teh Pmerrei Lageeu wsa ceaetdr.", "scrambled": "Ltnou Tnwo\u2019s wni manes teh tame will rneurt to teh tpo dinisovi fro teh frtsi teim seicn 1992, a soneas berfeo teh Pmerrei Lageeu wsa ceaetdr.", "original": "Luton Town\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was created.", "recovered": "Ltnou Tnwo\u2019s wni manes teh tame will rneurt to teh tpo dinisovi fro teh frtsi teim seicn 1992, a soneas berfeo teh Pmerrei Lageeu wsa ceaetdr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Makre Hrbsoa is raeignhlnuc teh rootbci fyluff tyo fro teh 25th aisvenranry of ist ognilair rleease, btu wthi oen itmptrano dnesgi chnega \u2013 teh nwe meldo hsa an off sihwct. Teh ongirail Fbuysr cudlo nto be suth dnow adn wree peorn to \u201cwaek up\u201d adn sartt cathtgni in teh ngtih.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Makre Hrbsoa is raeignhlnuc teh rootbci fyluff tyo fro teh 25th aisvenranry of ist ognilair rleease, btu wthi oen itmptrano dnesgi chnega \u2013 teh nwe meldo hsa an off sihwct. Teh ongirail Fbuysr cudlo nto be suth dnow adn wree peorn to \u201cwaek up\u201d adn sartt cathtgni in teh ngtih.", "scrambled": "Makre Hrbsoa is raeignhlnuc teh rootbci fyluff tyo fro teh 25th aisvenranry of ist ognilair rleease, btu wthi oen itmptrano dnesgi chnega \u2013 teh nwe meldo hsa an off sihwct. Teh ongirail Fbuysr cudlo nto be suth dnow adn wree peorn to \u201cwaek up\u201d adn sartt cathtgni in teh ngtih.", "original": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the robotic fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Furbys could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting in the night.", "recovered": "Makre Hrbsoa is raeignhlnuc teh rootbci fyluff tyo fro teh 25th aisvenranry of ist ognilair rleease, btu wthi oen itmptrano dnesgi chnega \u2013 teh nwe meldo hsa an off sihwct. Teh ongirail Fbuysr cudlo nto be suth dnow adn wree peorn to \u201cwaek up\u201d adn sartt cathtgni in teh ngtih."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Myan Mslsmui wlli fsta fmro spuun to sounwdn eeyrv dya fro an eitrne mthno. Tish yaer, Raadnam rsun fmro Mchra 22 to Apilr 21.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Myan Mslsmui wlli fsta fmro spuun to sounwdn eeyrv dya fro an eitrne mthno. Tish yaer, Raadnam rsun fmro Mchra 22 to Apilr 21.", "scrambled": "Myan Mslsmui wlli fsta fmro spuun to sounwdn eeyrv dya fro an eitrne mthno. Tish yaer, Raadnam rsun fmro Mchra 22 to Apilr 21.", "original": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21.", "recovered": "Myan Mslsmui wlli fsta fmro spuun to sounwdn eeyrv dya fro an eitrne mthno. Tish yaer, Raadnam rsun fmro Mchra 22 to Apilr 21."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnya mosrisigncmaro cna dgeits ptlcais at tateueeprmrs aovbe 30C, btu teh dcyivoser by rcrseesraeh at teh Sissw Feldera Itesuntit paevs teh wya fro a mhcu moer ereyng-etffeiinc mtoehd of rgclyicen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mnya mosrisigncmaro cna dgeits ptlcais at tateueeprmrs aovbe 30C, btu teh dcyivoser by rcrseesraeh at teh Sissw Feldera Itesuntit paevs teh wya fro a mhcu moer ereyng-etffeiinc mtoehd of rgclyicen.", "scrambled": "Mnya mosrisigncmaro cna dgeits ptlcais at tateueeprmrs aovbe 30C, btu teh dcyivoser by rcrseesraeh at teh Sissw Feldera Itesuntit paevs teh wya fro a mhcu moer ereyng-etffeiinc mtoehd of rgclyicen.", "original": "Many microorganisms can digest plastic at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.", "recovered": "Mnya mosrisigncmaro cna dgeits ptlcais at tateueeprmrs aovbe 30C, btu teh dcyivoser by rcrseesraeh at teh Sissw Feldera Itesuntit paevs teh wya fro a mhcu moer ereyng-etffeiinc mtoehd of rgclyicen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Myan poeepl aundor teh wdrol wero prpleu on Wadnesdye in honro of Woldr Luspu Dya, a glboal aunlan envte tath clsal atnittnoe to teh mitsuosyre deseias imcipagnt mreo tanh 5 minlloi ppoeel in teh US alneo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Myan poeepl aundor teh wdrol wero prpleu on Wadnesdye in honro of Woldr Luspu Dya, a glboal aunlan envte tath clsal atnittnoe to teh mitsuosyre deseias imcipagnt mreo tanh 5 minlloi ppoeel in teh US alneo.", "scrambled": "Myan poeepl aundor teh wdrol wero prpleu on Wadnesdye in honro of Woldr Luspu Dya, a glboal aunlan envte tath clsal atnittnoe to teh mitsuosyre deseias imcipagnt mreo tanh 5 minlloi ppoeel in teh US alneo.", "original": "Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Lupus Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "recovered": "Myan poeepl aundor teh wdrol wero prpleu on Wadnesdye in honro of Woldr Luspu Dya, a glboal aunlan envte tath clsal atnittnoe to teh mitsuosyre deseias imcipagnt mreo tanh 5 minlloi ppoeel in teh US alneo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mhcra Mnassed is unop us.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mhcra Mnassed is unop us.", "scrambled": "Mhcra Mnassed is unop us.", "original": "March Madness is upon us.", "recovered": "Mhcra Mnassed is unop us."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mkar Rtetu, teh lotnseg-sgviren Dtcuh pmrei msrtniei in hrsiyot, wlli sntda dnow aterf 13 ysera in perow. Nmkcdiean \u201cTfonel Mrak\u201d fro hsi abiilyt to wdtnsaiht pililcota cseisr, Retut utednexcylep aounndecn he wulod laeev plsicoti arfte teh atmnuu gaelnre etnioelc. In teh 27-nionta EU, olyn Hnarguy\u2019s Vkiort Onrba hsa been in caherg fro lerngo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mkar Rtetu, teh lotnseg-sgviren Dtcuh pmrei msrtniei in hrsiyot, wlli sntda dnow aterf 13 ysera in perow. Nmkcdiean \u201cTfonel Mrak\u201d fro hsi abiilyt to wdtnsaiht pililcota cseisr, Retut utednexcylep aounndecn he wulod laeev plsicoti arfte teh atmnuu gaelnre etnioelc. In teh 27-nionta EU, olyn Hnarguy\u2019s Vkiort Onrba hsa been in caherg fro lerngo.", "scrambled": "Mkar Rtetu, teh lotnseg-sgviren Dtcuh pmrei msrtniei in hrsiyot, wlli sntda dnow aterf 13 ysera in perow. Nmkcdiean \u201cTfonel Mrak\u201d fro hsi abiilyt to wdtnsaiht pililcota cseisr, Retut utednexcylep aounndecn he wulod laeev plsicoti arfte teh atmnuu gaelnre etnioelc. In teh 27-nionta EU, olyn Hnarguy\u2019s Vkiort Onrba hsa been in caherg fro lerngo.", "original": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch prime minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. Nicknamed \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for his ability to withstand political crises, Rutte unexpectedly announced he would leave politics after the autumn general election. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orban has been in charge for longer.", "recovered": "Mkar Rtetu, teh lotnseg-sgviren Dtcuh pmrei msrtniei in hrsiyot, wlli sntda dnow aterf 13 ysera in perow. Nmkcdiean \u201cTfonel Mrak\u201d fro hsi abiilyt to wdtnsaiht pililcota cseisr, Retut utednexcylep aounndecn he wulod laeev plsicoti arfte teh atmnuu gaelnre etnioelc. In teh 27-nionta EU, olyn Hnarguy\u2019s Vkiort Onrba hsa been in caherg fro lerngo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mkra Zgecbrurek annednouc thta Itsmaagnr usesr wlli nwo be abel to shear up to feiv liskn in threi pfirloe \u201cboi\u201d. Perlouyvsi, oyln oen lnki to exetrnal wsteebsi wsa awdlelo. Fndi otu mreo wtih Teh Wkee Urppewdna ptsdcao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mkra Zgecbrurek annednouc thta Itsmaagnr usesr wlli nwo be abel to shear up to feiv liskn in threi pfirloe \u201cboi\u201d. Perlouyvsi, oyln oen lnki to exetrnal wsteebsi wsa awdlelo. Fndi otu mreo wtih Teh Wkee Urppewdna ptsdcao.", "scrambled": "Mkra Zgecbrurek annednouc thta Itsmaagnr usesr wlli nwo be abel to shear up to feiv liskn in threi pfirloe \u201cboi\u201d. Perlouyvsi, oyln oen lnki to exetrnal wsteebsi wsa awdlelo. Fndi otu mreo wtih Teh Wkee Urppewdna ptsdcao.", "original": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Mkra Zgecbrurek annednouc thta Itsmaagnr usesr wlli nwo be abel to shear up to feiv liskn in threi pfirloe \u201cboi\u201d. Perlouyvsi, oyln oen lnki to exetrnal wsteebsi wsa awdlelo. Fndi otu mreo wtih Teh Wkee Urppewdna ptsdcao."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mn\u00e8earl Saphapic, mrisinte fro teh sioalc enymooc adn aiicsoosatns, geav an ieneriwtv on grneed eitulaqy adn LQTGB+ risgth to teh Fncerh-laeaugng editoin of Pybaoly maiagzne. Seh appeerad on teh crevo wrgneai a wtehi desrs. Btu teh ceovr wsa dbsedriec by teh Fenhrc pimer misrinte, \u00c9sthalibe Bnoer, as \u201cnto at all apoarrpptei, eaecisylpl in teh cutrrne proeid\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mn\u00e8earl Saphapic, mrisinte fro teh sioalc enymooc adn aiicsoosatns, geav an ieneriwtv on grneed eitulaqy adn LQTGB+ risgth to teh Fncerh-laeaugng editoin of Pybaoly maiagzne. Seh appeerad on teh crevo wrgneai a wtehi desrs. Btu teh ceovr wsa dbsedriec by teh Fenhrc pimer misrinte, \u00c9sthalibe Bnoer, as \u201cnto at all apoarrpptei, eaecisylpl in teh cutrrne proeid\u201d.", "scrambled": "Mn\u00e8earl Saphapic, mrisinte fro teh sioalc enymooc adn aiicsoosatns, geav an ieneriwtv on grneed eitulaqy adn LQTGB+ risgth to teh Fncerh-laeaugng editoin of Pybaoly maiagzne. Seh appeerad on teh crevo wrgneai a wtehi desrs. Btu teh ceovr wsa dbsedriec by teh Fenhrc pimer misrinte, \u00c9sthalibe Bnoer, as \u201cnto at all apoarrpptei, eaecisylpl in teh cutrrne proeid\u201d.", "original": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister for the social economy and associations, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the cover was described by the French prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, especially in the current period\u201d.", "recovered": "Mn\u00e8earl Saphapic, mrisinte fro teh sioalc enymooc adn aiicsoosatns, geav an ieneriwtv on grneed eitulaqy adn LQTGB+ risgth to teh Fncerh-laeaugng editoin of Pybaoly maiagzne. Seh appeerad on teh crevo wrgneai a wtehi desrs. Btu teh ceovr wsa dbsedriec by teh Fenhrc pimer misrinte, \u00c9sthalibe Bnoer, as \u201cnto at all apoarrpptei, eaecisylpl in teh cutrrne proeid\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Msar hsa swedpap ist wpinprag fmro psltcai to rbcyceella ppera as ptar of a dvier to meak ist psurocdt mero einmtrnloveyanl fedlriny. Teh papre-wpdarep bras heav geon on slea at 500 Toces sroest, adn if teh tarli gsoe wlel, teh wppaesrr wlil be rlolde otu to all rrieesatl adn to ohrte Masr tatsre, schu as Sskncire.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Msar hsa swedpap ist wpinprag fmro psltcai to rbcyceella ppera as ptar of a dvier to meak ist psurocdt mero einmtrnloveyanl fedlriny. Teh papre-wpdarep bras heav geon on slea at 500 Toces sroest, adn if teh tarli gsoe wlel, teh wppaesrr wlil be rlolde otu to all rrieesatl adn to ohrte Masr tatsre, schu as Sskncire.", "scrambled": "Msar hsa swedpap ist wpinprag fmro psltcai to rbcyceella ppera as ptar of a dvier to meak ist psurocdt mero einmtrnloveyanl fedlriny. Teh papre-wpdarep bras heav geon on slea at 500 Toces sroest, adn if teh tarli gsoe wlel, teh wppaesrr wlil be rlolde otu to all rrieesatl adn to ohrte Masr tatsre, schu as Sskncire.", "original": "Mars has swapped its wrapping from plastic to recyclable paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars treats, such as Snickers.", "recovered": "Msar hsa swedpap ist wpinprag fmro psltcai to rbcyceella ppera as ptar of a dvier to meak ist psurocdt mero einmtrnloveyanl fedlriny. Teh papre-wpdarep bras heav geon on slea at 500 Toces sroest, adn if teh tarli gsoe wlel, teh wppaesrr wlil be rlolde otu to all rrieesatl adn to ohrte Masr tatsre, schu as Sskncire."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mxa Pkar ste teh nwe rorecd fro teh fsestat 3x3x3 Rbiku\u2019s Ceub teim at a cptnooimeti in Lngo Bache in hsi ntvaie Cnoirilaaf. Teh 21-yaer-odl, woh wsa dgoiedsan whit maodetre to seeevr aumtsi as a chdil, baet teh 3.47-sndcoe rdorce ste by Ciahn\u2019s Yghsnue Du in 2018.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mxa Pkar ste teh nwe rorecd fro teh fsestat 3x3x3 Rbiku\u2019s Ceub teim at a cptnooimeti in Lngo Bache in hsi ntvaie Cnoirilaaf. Teh 21-yaer-odl, woh wsa dgoiedsan whit maodetre to seeevr aumtsi as a chdil, baet teh 3.47-sndcoe rdorce ste by Ciahn\u2019s Yghsnue Du in 2018.", "scrambled": "Mxa Pkar ste teh nwe rorecd fro teh fsestat 3x3x3 Rbiku\u2019s Ceub teim at a cptnooimeti in Lngo Bache in hsi ntvaie Cnoirilaaf. Teh 21-yaer-odl, woh wsa dgoiedsan whit maodetre to seeevr aumtsi as a chdil, baet teh 3.47-sndcoe rdorce ste by Ciahn\u2019s Yghsnue Du in 2018.", "original": "Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach in his native California. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.", "recovered": "Mxa Pkar ste teh nwe rorecd fro teh fsestat 3x3x3 Rbiku\u2019s Ceub teim at a cptnooimeti in Lngo Bache in hsi ntvaie Cnoirilaaf. Teh 21-yaer-odl, woh wsa dgoiedsan whit maodetre to seeevr aumtsi as a chdil, baet teh 3.47-sndcoe rdorce ste by Ciahn\u2019s Yghsnue Du in 2018."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mya is Noilanat BQB Mhton. Jlyu is Nlatoian Beberulyr Mhont, Nloitana Iec Cemar Monht adn Nantoail Worlmetane Mthno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mya is Noilanat BQB Mhton. Jlyu is Nlatoian Beberulyr Mhont, Nloitana Iec Cemar Monht adn Nantoail Worlmetane Mthno.", "scrambled": "Mya is Noilanat BQB Mhton. Jlyu is Nlatoian Beberulyr Mhont, Nloitana Iec Cemar Monht adn Nantoail Worlmetane Mthno.", "original": "May is National BBQ Month. July is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month.", "recovered": "Mya is Noilanat BQB Mhton. Jlyu is Nlatoian Beberulyr Mhont, Nloitana Iec Cemar Monht adn Nantoail Worlmetane Mthno."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: MclondaD\u2019s, wcihh hsa bnee fuosginc on uagnpirgd ist ceor itesm to bstoo selsa, is rnlgilo otu a sesire of csahgne to imevopr ist cslcsai bsrruge.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "MclondaD\u2019s, wcihh hsa bnee fuosginc on uagnpirgd ist ceor itesm to bstoo selsa, is rnlgilo otu a sesire of csahgne to imevopr ist cslcsai bsrruge.", "scrambled": "MclondaD\u2019s, wcihh hsa bnee fuosginc on uagnpirgd ist ceor itesm to bstoo selsa, is rnlgilo otu a sesire of csahgne to imevopr ist cslcsai bsrruge.", "original": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classic burgers.", "recovered": "MclondaD\u2019s, wcihh hsa bnee fuosginc on uagnpirgd ist ceor itesm to bstoo selsa, is rnlgilo otu a sesire of csahgne to imevopr ist cslcsai bsrruge."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Meat lacudenh an app cldael Tasderh thta is itdnndee to oefrf a seapc fro rlea-tmei cossvtnorniea oelnin \u2014 a ftoinncu tath hsa lnog bene Tteiwrt\u2019s ceor siengll pnito.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Meat lacudenh an app cldael Tasderh thta is itdnndee to oefrf a seapc fro rlea-tmei cossvtnorniea oelnin \u2014 a ftoinncu tath hsa lnog bene Tteiwrt\u2019s ceor siengll pnito.", "scrambled": "Meat lacudenh an app cldael Tasderh thta is itdnndee to oefrf a seapc fro rlea-tmei cossvtnorniea oelnin \u2014 a ftoinncu tath hsa lnog bene Tteiwrt\u2019s ceor siengll pnito.", "original": "Meta launched an app called Threads that is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.", "recovered": "Meat lacudenh an app cldael Tasderh thta is itdnndee to oefrf a seapc fro rlea-tmei cossvtnorniea oelnin \u2014 a ftoinncu tath hsa lnog bene Tteiwrt\u2019s ceor siengll pnito."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mhieacl Jonard\u2019s ioccni 1998 NAB Fslian sksneaer sdol fro a rdreco $2.2 minloil.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mhieacl Jonard\u2019s ioccni 1998 NAB Fslian sksneaer sdol fro a rdreco $2.2 minloil.", "scrambled": "Mhieacl Jonard\u2019s ioccni 1998 NAB Fslian sksneaer sdol fro a rdreco $2.2 minloil.", "original": "Michael Jordan\u2019s iconic 1998 NBA Finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.", "recovered": "Mhieacl Jonard\u2019s ioccni 1998 NAB Fslian sksneaer sdol fro a rdreco $2.2 minloil."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mlariiyt jtes wree \u201caidehurtzo to tlvrea at ssucoinpre spesed\u201d as tyhe rcead to meak cctaton wthi an uoienpnervss aatcfrri flygin in teh rneigo tath ltare csdahre in a hilayev woddoe aare. Teh einrrtyrdaxoa seped of teh jtse cdeusa a snioc bomo ascors teh Wshaotingn, DC, aare taht cfsouden myan rnissdete.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mlariiyt jtes wree \u201caidehurtzo to tlvrea at ssucoinpre spesed\u201d as tyhe rcead to meak cctaton wthi an uoienpnervss aatcfrri flygin in teh rneigo tath ltare csdahre in a hilayev woddoe aare. Teh einrrtyrdaxoa seped of teh jtse cdeusa a snioc bomo ascors teh Wshaotingn, DC, aare taht cfsouden myan rnissdete.", "scrambled": "Mlariiyt jtes wree \u201caidehurtzo to tlvrea at ssucoinpre spesed\u201d as tyhe rcead to meak cctaton wthi an uoienpnervss aatcfrri flygin in teh rneigo tath ltare csdahre in a hilayev woddoe aare. Teh einrrtyrdaxoa seped of teh jtse cdeusa a snioc bomo ascors teh Wshaotingn, DC, aare taht cfsouden myan rnissdete.", "original": "Military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d as they raced to make contact with an unresponsive aircraft flying in the region that later crashed in a heavily wooded area. The extraordinary speed of the jets caused a sonic boom across the Washington, DC, area that confused many residents.", "recovered": "Mlariiyt jtes wree \u201caidehurtzo to tlvrea at ssucoinpre spesed\u201d as tyhe rcead to meak cctaton wthi an uoienpnervss aatcfrri flygin in teh rneigo tath ltare csdahre in a hilayev woddoe aare. Teh einrrtyrdaxoa seped of teh jtse cdeusa a snioc bomo ascors teh Wshaotingn, DC, aare taht cfsouden myan rnissdete."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mlosliin of peopel rnemai at riks of iinlganh pitlnyteloa hlfamur ari as wrifield skeom onigaiirgnt frmo Caanad shusrdo morja US ceisti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mlosliin of peopel rnemai at riks of iinlganh pitlnyteloa hlfamur ari as wrifield skeom onigaiirgnt frmo Caanad shusrdo morja US ceisti.", "scrambled": "Mlosliin of peopel rnemai at riks of iinlganh pitlnyteloa hlfamur ari as wrifield skeom onigaiirgnt frmo Caanad shusrdo morja US ceisti.", "original": "Millions of people remain at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke originating from Canada shrouds major US cities.", "recovered": "Mlosliin of peopel rnemai at riks of iinlganh pitlnyteloa hlfamur ari as wrifield skeom onigaiirgnt frmo Caanad shusrdo morja US ceisti."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mannota Gvo. Ggre Ganriteof singde a blli Wsneeaddy binanng ToiTkk in teh satet ovre pcrdievee srituecy cncsonre. Teh coirantrsleov lwa, wihch wlli teak etfcfe in Jnaayur, ostliuen pitneoalt feins of $10,000 pre dya fro vortsalio.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mannota Gvo. Ggre Ganriteof singde a blli Wsneeaddy binanng ToiTkk in teh satet ovre pcrdievee srituecy cncsonre. Teh coirantrsleov lwa, wihch wlli teak etfcfe in Jnaayur, ostliuen pitneoalt feins of $10,000 pre dya fro vortsalio.", "scrambled": "Mannota Gvo. Ggre Ganriteof singde a blli Wsneeaddy binanng ToiTkk in teh satet ovre pcrdievee srituecy cncsonre. Teh coirantrsleov lwa, wihch wlli teak etfcfe in Jnaayur, ostliuen pitneoalt feins of $10,000 pre dya fro vortsalio.", "original": "Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived security concerns. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per day for violators.", "recovered": "Mannota Gvo. Ggre Ganriteof singde a blli Wsneeaddy binanng ToiTkk in teh satet ovre pcrdievee srituecy cncsonre. Teh coirantrsleov lwa, wihch wlli teak etfcfe in Jnaayur, ostliuen pitneoalt feins of $10,000 pre dya fro vortsalio."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mtsnoh atfre a hyiloda seevric mlwonted, Shstoeuwt Aeslriin siad ist bsinoogk in Mhacr weer falnyil bakc on tackr. Reenevu seroad 22% to $5.7 blnlioi in teh qtaurre, arcicgodn to teh cmaopyn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mtsnoh atfre a hyiloda seevric mlwonted, Shstoeuwt Aeslriin siad ist bsinoogk in Mhacr weer falnyil bakc on tackr. Reenevu seroad 22% to $5.7 blnlioi in teh qtaurre, arcicgodn to teh cmaopyn.", "scrambled": "Mtsnoh atfre a hyiloda seevric mlwonted, Shstoeuwt Aeslriin siad ist bsinoogk in Mhacr weer falnyil bakc on tackr. Reenevu seroad 22% to $5.7 blnlioi in teh qtaurre, arcicgodn to teh cmaopyn.", "original": "Months after a holiday service meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on track. Revenue soared 22% to $5.7 billion in the quarter, according to the company.", "recovered": "Mtsnoh atfre a hyiloda seevric mlwonted, Shstoeuwt Aeslriin siad ist bsinoogk in Mhacr weer falnyil bakc on tackr. Reenevu seroad 22% to $5.7 blnlioi in teh qtaurre, arcicgodn to teh cmaopyn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mreo tahn 17,600 mliartyi pensoreln aer tiangk prat in dllrsi icniundlg lvei-feir exceeissr adn a btoa-singkin rcotek asaltus, admi fsaer ttah Chain mya be prpniaegr to lhuacn an ofevfesni aigatsn Tawnia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mreo tahn 17,600 mliartyi pensoreln aer tiangk prat in dllrsi icniundlg lvei-feir exceeissr adn a btoa-singkin rcotek asaltus, admi fsaer ttah Chain mya be prpniaegr to lhuacn an ofevfesni aigatsn Tawnia.", "scrambled": "Mreo tahn 17,600 mliartyi pensoreln aer tiangk prat in dllrsi icniundlg lvei-feir exceeissr adn a btoa-singkin rcotek asaltus, admi fsaer ttah Chain mya be prpniaegr to lhuacn an ofevfesni aigatsn Tawnia.", "original": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including live-fire exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive against Taiwan.", "recovered": "Mreo tahn 17,600 mliartyi pensoreln aer tiangk prat in dllrsi icniundlg lvei-feir exceeissr adn a btoa-singkin rcotek asaltus, admi fsaer ttah Chain mya be prpniaegr to lhuacn an ofevfesni aigatsn Tawnia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mreo tnha 200 poeepl hvae bene rcuedse scien Sndyau in Vmrntoe, wreeh fingldoo hsa sgmbredeu hesom adn treudn ssterte itno rrevsi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mreo tnha 200 poeepl hvae bene rcuedse scien Sndyau in Vmrntoe, wreeh fingldoo hsa sgmbredeu hesom adn treudn ssterte itno rrevsi.", "scrambled": "Mreo tnha 200 poeepl hvae bene rcuedse scien Sndyau in Vmrntoe, wreeh fingldoo hsa sgmbredeu hesom adn treudn ssterte itno rrevsi.", "original": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has submerged homes and turned streets into rivers.", "recovered": "Mreo tnha 200 poeepl hvae bene rcuedse scien Sndyau in Vmrntoe, wreeh fingldoo hsa sgmbredeu hesom adn treudn ssterte itno rrevsi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mero tnah hlfa of teh gsa stintaos in teh Maiim-Frot Lluededara aaer weer witouth glesonia Wdnsdeyae atref foiogndl frmo ltsa weke\u2019s msiesav srmto cudsae a weav of pianc bnugiy by dierrsv tpnpogi off tiher tskan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mero tnah hlfa of teh gsa stintaos in teh Maiim-Frot Lluededara aaer weer witouth glesonia Wdnsdeyae atref foiogndl frmo ltsa weke\u2019s msiesav srmto cudsae a weav of pianc bnugiy by dierrsv tpnpogi off tiher tskan.", "scrambled": "Mero tnah hlfa of teh gsa stintaos in teh Maiim-Frot Lluededara aaer weer witouth glesonia Wdnsdeyae atref foiogndl frmo ltsa weke\u2019s msiesav srmto cudsae a weav of pianc bnugiy by dierrsv tpnpogi off tiher tskan.", "original": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after flooding from last week\u2019s massive storm caused a wave of panic buying by drivers topping off their tanks.", "recovered": "Mero tnah hlfa of teh gsa stintaos in teh Maiim-Frot Lluededara aaer weer witouth glesonia Wdnsdeyae atref foiogndl frmo ltsa weke\u2019s msiesav srmto cudsae a weav of pianc bnugiy by dierrsv tpnpogi off tiher tskan."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mowsoc shtoug to rueessra Mial\u2019s rugnil miiyatlr jutan ttha Wagenr fserco wdolu cetnoniu to fhgit Iitasmls igressnutn in teh wra-tnor Aaficrn cuoyrnt, admi frsea aobut teh wried fllaotu of teh mryeacrne gurop\u2019s fdalie ugsprini in Rsiasu. Teh rlotev oercrdcu wekes atrfe Mial cdelal on UN pesepeaecerk to leeav \u201cwhtiotu deayl\u201d, degnnciuon teh dcdeae-logn mniioss\u2019s \u201cfiraeul\u201d to rsdnepo to syiucert celsngleha.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mowsoc shtoug to rueessra Mial\u2019s rugnil miiyatlr jutan ttha Wagenr fserco wdolu cetnoniu to fhgit Iitasmls igressnutn in teh wra-tnor Aaficrn cuoyrnt, admi frsea aobut teh wried fllaotu of teh mryeacrne gurop\u2019s fdalie ugsprini in Rsiasu. Teh rlotev oercrdcu wekes atrfe Mial cdelal on UN pesepeaecerk to leeav \u201cwhtiotu deayl\u201d, degnnciuon teh dcdeae-logn mniioss\u2019s \u201cfiraeul\u201d to rsdnep", "scrambled": "Mowsoc shtoug to rueessra Mial\u2019s rugnil miiyatlr jutan ttha Wagenr fserco wdolu cetnoniu to fhgit Iitasmls igressnutn in teh wra-tnor Aaficrn cuoyrnt, admi frsea aobut teh wried fllaotu of teh mryeacrne gurop\u2019s fdalie ugsprini in Rsiasu. Teh rlotev oercrdcu wekes atrfe Mial cdelal on UN pesepeaecerk to leeav \u201cwhtiotu deayl\u201d, degnnciuon teh dcdeae-logn mniioss\u2019s \u201cfiraeul\u201d to rsdnepo to syiucert celsngleha.", "original": "Moscow sought to reassure Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn African country, amid fears about the wider fallout of the mercenary group\u2019s failed uprising in Russia. The revolt occurred weeks after Mali called on UN peacekeepers to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond to security challenges.", "recovered": "Mowsoc shtoug to rueessra Mial\u2019s rugnil miiyatlr jutan ttha Wagenr fserco wdolu cetnoniu to fhgit Iitasmls igressnutn in teh wra-tnor Aaficrn cuoyrnt, admi frsea aobut teh wried fllaotu of teh mryeacrne gurop\u2019s fdalie ugsprini in Rsiasu. Teh rlotev oercrdcu wekes atrfe Mial cdelal on UN pesepeaecerk to leeav \u201cwhtiotu deayl\u201d, degnnciuon teh dcdeae-logn mniioss\u2019s \u201cfiraeul\u201d to rsdnep"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mots hoisisarnt critde Canhi whit teh itnneovni of foisewkrr auonrd 800 AD. Btu it wsa in teh 1830s ttha Iaanlti iersvnont added tacre anumots of mtelas to teh mxi adn crteead teh cfloolru dypasisl tath dzzlea us nwo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mots hoisisarnt critde Canhi whit teh itnneovni of foisewkrr auonrd 800 AD. Btu it wsa in teh 1830s ttha Iaanlti iersvnont added tacre anumots of mtelas to teh mxi adn crteead teh cfloolru dypasisl tath dzzlea us nwo.", "scrambled": "Mots hoisisarnt critde Canhi whit teh itnneovni of foisewkrr auonrd 800 AD. Btu it wsa in teh 1830s ttha Iaanlti iersvnont added tacre anumots of mtelas to teh mxi adn crteead teh cfloolru dypasisl tath dzzlea us nwo.", "original": "Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now.", "recovered": "Mots hoisisarnt critde Canhi whit teh itnneovni of foisewkrr auonrd 800 AD. Btu it wsa in teh 1830s ttha Iaanlti iersvnont added tacre anumots of mtelas to teh mxi adn crteead teh cfloolru dypasisl tath dzzlea us nwo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mkus adnnocune tish wkee ttha hsi cmyaonp\u2019s logo wudol cangeh frmo teh wlel-kwonn belu bdir to a bklac X. Teh biiolrinela\u2019s cntrirvaoloes ranbedr wsa weiydl rliudcied, wthi Fobser cticinigrsi hmi fro \u201csietntg shtegonmi on feir he piad $44 bnloiil fro\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Mkus adnnocune tish wkee ttha hsi cmyaonp\u2019s logo wudol cangeh frmo teh wlel-kwonn belu bdir to a bklac X. Teh biiolrinela\u2019s cntrirvaoloes ranbedr wsa weiydl rliudcied, wthi Fobser cticinigrsi hmi fro \u201csietntg shtegonmi on feir he piad $44 bnloiil fro\u201d.", "scrambled": "Mkus adnnocune tish wkee ttha hsi cmyaonp\u2019s logo wudol cangeh frmo teh wlel-kwonn belu bdir to a bklac X. Teh biiolrinela\u2019s cntrirvaoloes ranbedr wsa weiydl rliudcied, wthi Fobser cticinigrsi hmi fro \u201csietntg shtegonmi on feir he piad $44 bnloiil fro\u201d.", "original": "Musk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo would change from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s controversial rebrand was widely ridiculed, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d.", "recovered": "Mkus adnnocune tish wkee ttha hsi cmyaonp\u2019s logo wudol cangeh frmo teh wlel-kwonn belu bdir to a bklac X. Teh biiolrinela\u2019s cntrirvaoloes ranbedr wsa weiydl rliudcied, wthi Fobser cticinigrsi hmi fro \u201csietntg shtegonmi on feir he piad $44 bnloiil fro\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nlxfiet hsa shdrea eveuxcsil nwe dlaesit fro teh scnedo snaoes of ist rnuaayw hti \u201cSuidq Gmae,\u201d teh Sothu Kronae trhelril sseeir in wchhi ctanotetssn woh aer deylep in dbte pyla clnhrdie\u2019s gsaem in orrde to wni a tno of chas \u2014 whit teh lresos gnitegt kidlel.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Nlxfiet hsa shdrea eveuxcsil nwe dlaesit fro teh scnedo snaoes of ist rnuaayw hti \u201cSuidq Gmae,\u201d teh Sothu Kronae trhelril sseeir in wchhi ctanotetssn woh aer deylep in dbte pyla clnhrdie\u2019s gsaem in orrde to wni a tno of chas \u2014 whit teh lresos gnitegt kidlel.", "scrambled": "Nlxfiet hsa shdrea eveuxcsil nwe dlaesit fro teh scnedo snaoes of ist rnuaayw hti \u201cSuidq Gmae,\u201d teh Sothu Kronae trhelril sseeir in wchhi ctanotetssn woh aer deylep in dbte pyla clnhrdie\u2019s gsaem in orrde to wni a tno of chas \u2014 whit teh lresos gnitegt kidlel.", "original": "Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South Korean thriller series in which contestants who are deeply in debt play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.", "recovered": "Nlxfiet hsa shdrea eveuxcsil nwe dlaesit fro teh scnedo snaoes of ist rnuaayw hti \u201cSuidq Gmae,\u201d teh Sothu Kronae trhelril sseeir in wchhi ctanotetssn woh aer deylep in dbte pyla clnhrdie\u2019s gsaem in orrde to wni a tno of chas \u2014 whit teh lresos gnitegt kidlel."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nwe Ykor mtsu sopt bgiuldin spkecsrsayr or it wlil skin, a nwe sdyut hsa wndrae. Three aer tghuoht to be oen miloinl bdinuislg in Nwe Ykor Ciyt, wnigehgi an eadsttmei 771 mliionl tnenos, adn teh sydut, hedead by Tmo Psrnaos of teh Utdien Sseatt Golacloeig Svruey, fdnou ttah teh ciyt is \u201cplpoignp celors\u201d to teh wraet at a raet of 1 to 2mm a yrae, \u201cwtih semo asaer sdngiubsi mcuh fesrat\u201d, siad teh Nwe Yrok Ptso. Lroew Mananhtta is ptarraiclluy at rsik, adn tereh is hgeienhetd crencno fro bhot Boynlkro adn Qesneu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Nwe Ykor mtsu sopt bgiuldin spkecsrsayr or it wlil skin, a nwe sdyut hsa wndrae. Three aer tghuoht to be oen miloinl bdinuislg in Nwe Ykor Ciyt, wnigehgi an eadsttmei 771 mliionl tnenos, adn teh sydut, hedead by Tmo Psrnaos of teh Utdien Sseatt Golacloeig Svruey, fdnou ttah teh ciyt is \u201cplpoignp celors\u201d to teh wraet at a raet of 1 to 2mm a yrae, \u201cwtih semo asaer sdn", "scrambled": "Nwe Ykor mtsu sopt bgiuldin spkecsrsayr or it wlil skin, a nwe sdyut hsa wndrae. Three aer tghuoht to be oen miloinl bdinuislg in Nwe Ykor Ciyt, wnigehgi an eadsttmei 771 mliionl tnenos, adn teh sydut, hedead by Tmo Psrnaos of teh Utdien Sseatt Golacloeig Svruey, fdnou ttah teh ciyt is \u201cplpoignp celors\u201d to teh wraet at a raet of 1 to 2mm a yrae, \u201cwtih semo asaer sdngiubsi mcuh fesrat\u201d, siad teh Nwe Yrok Ptso. Lroew Mananhtta is ptarraiclluy at rsik, adn tereh is hgeienhetd crencno fro bhot Boynlkro adn Qesneu.", "original": "New York must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million buildings in New York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas subsiding much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "recovered": "Nwe Ykor mtsu sopt bgiuldin spkecsrsayr or it wlil skin, a nwe sdyut hsa wndrae. Three aer tghuoht to be oen miloinl bdinuislg in Nwe Ykor Ciyt, wnigehgi an eadsttmei 771 mliionl tnenos, adn teh sydut, hedead by Tmo Psrnaos of teh Utdien Sseatt Golacloeig Svruey, fdnou ttah teh ciyt is \u201cplpoignp celors\u201d to teh wraet at a raet of 1 to 2mm a yrae, \u201cwtih semo asaer sdn"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nleyw rsdaeeel Motlranoipte Poclie daat hsa raveeedl ttha an aaevrge of 248 pohen ttesfh a dya weer reedrtpo in 2022 in teh Ensihlg clipata. Teh brhgsuoo wthi teh msto tthsef wree Weesmtnirst (25,899), Cdeman (7,892), Swurhkoat (5,690) adn Hneacyk (4,618).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Nleyw rsdaeeel Motlranoipte Poclie daat hsa raveeedl ttha an aaevrge of 248 pohen ttesfh a dya weer reedrtpo in 2022 in teh Ensihlg clipata. Teh brhgsuoo wthi teh msto tthsef wree Weesmtnirst (25,899), Cdeman (7,892), Swurhkoat (5,690) adn Hneacyk (4,618).", "scrambled": "Nleyw rsdaeeel Motlranoipte Poclie daat hsa raveeedl ttha an aaevrge of 248 pohen ttesfh a dya weer reedrtpo in 2022 in teh Ensihlg clipata. Teh brhgsuoo wthi teh msto tthsef wree Weesmtnirst (25,899), Cdeman (7,892), Swurhkoat (5,690) adn Hneacyk (4,618).", "original": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most thefts were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "recovered": "Nleyw rsdaeeel Motlranoipte Poclie daat hsa raveeedl ttha an aaevrge of 248 pohen ttesfh a dya weer reedrtpo in 2022 in teh Ensihlg clipata. Teh brhgsuoo wthi teh msto tthsef wree Weesmtnirst (25,899), Cdeman (7,892), Swurhkoat (5,690) adn Hneacyk (4,618)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nwse berko tihs weke ttha teh genmetnrvo hddean a \u00a31.6 bolinli cttaornc to Arainutlas frmi Cpretraoo Tarvel Manetnagem to ceorv trehe oehfofrs almusy-sereke vesssle. Teh gmnerenotv cedmial teh \u201cfollesta\u201d wludo be \u201csctinnlgyifai cehpare\u201d tahn huoinsg avrlasir in holset.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Nwse berko tihs weke ttha teh genmetnrvo hddean a \u00a31.6 bolinli cttaornc to Arainutlas frmi Cpretraoo Tarvel Manetnagem to ceorv trehe oehfofrs almusy-sereke vesssle. Teh gmnerenotv cedmial teh \u201cfollesta\u201d wludo be \u201csctinnlgyifai cehpare\u201d tahn huoinsg avrlasir in holset.", "scrambled": "Nwse berko tihs weke ttha teh genmetnrvo hddean a \u00a31.6 bolinli cttaornc to Arainutlas frmi Cpretraoo Tarvel Manetnagem to ceorv trehe oehfofrs almusy-sereke vesssle. Teh gmnerenotv cedmial teh \u201cfollesta\u201d wludo be \u201csctinnlgyifai cehpare\u201d tahn huoinsg avrlasir in holset.", "original": "News broke this week that the government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian firm Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-seeker vessels. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing arrivals in hotels.", "recovered": "Nwse berko tihs weke ttha teh genmetnrvo hddean a \u00a31.6 bolinli cttaornc to Arainutlas frmi Cpretraoo Tarvel Manetnagem to ceorv trehe oehfofrs almusy-sereke vesssle. Teh gmnerenotv cedmial teh \u201cfollesta\u201d wludo be \u201csctinnlgyifai cehpare\u201d tahn huoinsg avrlasir in holset."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nrtoh Londno Citlagloee Sohlco wlli tilra dsiesh scuh as Ceheins-setly ndsoleo whti tiakryie gpphseroars, stwee clhiil adn lmie ccrksiet, adn Maxince rcie tpepod wthi bofaufl womrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Nrtoh Londno Citlagloee Sohlco wlli tilra dsiesh scuh as Ceheins-setly ndsoleo whti tiakryie gpphseroars, stwee clhiil adn lmie ccrksiet, adn Maxince rcie tpepod wthi bofaufl womrs.", "scrambled": "Nrtoh Londno Citlagloee Sohlco wlli tilra dsiesh scuh as Ceheins-setly ndsoleo whti tiakryie gpphseroars, stwee clhiil adn lmie ccrksiet, adn Maxince rcie tpepod wthi bofaufl womrs.", "original": "North London Collegiate School will trial dishes such as Chinese-style noodles with teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime crickets, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.", "recovered": "Nrtoh Londno Citlagloee Sohlco wlli tilra dsiesh scuh as Ceheins-setly ndsoleo whti tiakryie gpphseroars, stwee clhiil adn lmie ccrksiet, adn Maxince rcie tpepod wthi bofaufl womrs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: OPCE, wihch spiuspel a lgare pnorito of teh wdrlo\u2019s cderu oli, aeoncdnun it will ctu piurdncoot by mreo tahn 1.6 mlilino brsrael a dya stgtnira in Mya \u2013 a meov ttha stne oli pseric sgginur tihs weke.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "OPCE, wihch spiuspel a lgare pnorito of teh wdrlo\u2019s cderu oli, aeoncdnun it will ctu piurdncoot by mreo tahn 1.6 mlilino brsrael a dya stgtnira in Mya \u2013 a meov ttha stne oli pseric sgginur tihs weke.", "scrambled": "OPCE, wihch spiuspel a lgare pnorito of teh wdrlo\u2019s cderu oli, aeoncdnun it will ctu piurdncoot by mreo tahn 1.6 mlilino brsrael a dya stgtnira in Mya \u2013 a meov ttha stne oli pseric sgginur tihs weke.", "original": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week.", "recovered": "OPCE, wihch spiuspel a lgare pnorito of teh wdrlo\u2019s cderu oli, aeoncdnun it will ctu piurdncoot by mreo tahn 1.6 mlilino brsrael a dya stgtnira in Mya \u2013 a meov ttha stne oli pseric sgginur tihs weke."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Of mreo tnha 1,000 sxhti-fmor pilpsu seedvryu by tikhn-tkan Ctivasi, 26% asol sdia tath cimtael canghe hda mdea teirh aitynex or sedssan wosre. Adn hfla sdai ttah poeple suhold heav feerw cnelirdh in orerd to teclka ctlimae cgehna adn oppiueolronatv.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Of mreo tnha 1,000 sxhti-fmor pilpsu seedvryu by tikhn-tkan Ctivasi, 26% asol sdia tath cimtael canghe hda mdea teirh aitynex or sedssan wosre. Adn hfla sdai ttah poeple suhold heav feerw cnelirdh in orerd to teclka ctlimae cgehna adn oppiueolronatv.", "scrambled": "Of mreo tnha 1,000 sxhti-fmor pilpsu seedvryu by tikhn-tkan Ctivasi, 26% asol sdia tath cimtael canghe hda mdea teirh aitynex or sedssan wosre. Adn hfla sdai ttah poeple suhold heav feerw cnelirdh in orerd to teclka ctlimae cgehna adn oppiueolronatv.", "original": "Of more than 1,000 sixth-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% also said that climate change had made their anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to tackle climate change and overpopulation.", "recovered": "Of mreo tnha 1,000 sxhti-fmor pilpsu seedvryu by tikhn-tkan Ctivasi, 26% asol sdia tath cimtael canghe hda mdea teirh aitynex or sedssan wosre. Adn hfla sdai ttah poeple suhold heav feerw cnelirdh in orerd to teclka ctlimae cgehna adn oppiueolronatv."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Onoimrc siuanbvtar Austrcru wsa ftsir dtctdeee in leat Jnyaaur adn is bgnie midotonre by teh Wolrd Hehlat Oiaoinazntgr as a vtnriaa of crceonn. Cssae hvae bene rtreopde in at laets 27 ctsenouir, icnudngli teh UK.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Onoimrc siuanbvtar Austrcru wsa ftsir dtctdeee in leat Jnyaaur adn is bgnie midotonre by teh Wolrd Hehlat Oiaoinazntgr as a vtnriaa of crceonn. Cssae hvae bene rtreopde in at laets 27 ctsenouir, icnudngli teh UK.", "scrambled": "Onoimrc siuanbvtar Austrcru wsa ftsir dtctdeee in leat Jnyaaur adn is bgnie midotonre by teh Wolrd Hehlat Oiaoinazntgr as a vtnriaa of crceonn. Cssae hvae bene rtreopde in at laets 27 ctsenouir, icnudngli teh UK.", "original": "Omicron subvariant Arcturus was first detected in late January and is being monitored by the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "recovered": "Onoimrc siuanbvtar Austrcru wsa ftsir dtctdeee in leat Jnyaaur adn is bgnie midotonre by teh Wolrd Hehlat Oiaoinazntgr as a vtnriaa of crceonn. Cssae hvae bene rtreopde in at laets 27 ctsenouir, icnudngli teh UK."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Alpri 3, 1973, teh fsirt clel phneo clal wsa mead on a sakiewdl in Nwe Ykor Ctyi whti a diveec teh szie of a bckir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On Alpri 3, 1973, teh fsirt clel phneo clal wsa mead on a sakiewdl in Nwe Ykor Ctyi whti a diveec teh szie of a bckir.", "scrambled": "On Alpri 3, 1973, teh fsirt clel phneo clal wsa mead on a sakiewdl in Nwe Ykor Ctyi whti a diveec teh szie of a bckir.", "original": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.", "recovered": "On Alpri 3, 1973, teh fsirt clel phneo clal wsa mead on a sakiewdl in Nwe Ykor Ctyi whti a diveec teh szie of a bckir."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Jnue 17, 2021, Psdetiern Jeo Bdien sniegd a blli iont lwa riozgegicnn Jenuettnhe Ntonaali Idnpnecndeee Dya. Bneid sida teh mmento wlil go dnwo as \u201coen of teh gtaterse hsrnoo\u201d of hsi pscneridye.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On Jnue 17, 2021, Psdetiern Jeo Bdien sniegd a blli iont lwa riozgegicnn Jenuettnhe Ntonaali Idnpnecndeee Dya. Bneid sida teh mmento wlil go dnwo as \u201coen of teh gtaterse hsrnoo\u201d of hsi pscneridye.", "scrambled": "On Jnue 17, 2021, Psdetiern Jeo Bdien sniegd a blli iont lwa riozgegicnn Jenuettnhe Ntonaali Idnpnecndeee Dya. Bneid sida teh mmento wlil go dnwo as \u201coen of teh gtaterse hsrnoo\u201d of hsi pscneridye.", "original": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth National Independence Day. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency.", "recovered": "On Jnue 17, 2021, Psdetiern Jeo Bdien sniegd a blli iont lwa riozgegicnn Jenuettnhe Ntonaali Idnpnecndeee Dya. Bneid sida teh mmento wlil go dnwo as \u201coen of teh gtaterse hsrnoo\u201d of hsi pscneridye."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Mdyona, Tttewri uesrs nedto tath teh buel bdri lgoo uluyasl fnduo on Ttirewt\u2019s hepamoeg adn lodngai sneecr hsa nwo bnee repedacl wthi an igmae of Dgoe, teh Sabhi Iun dgo uesd as a ppurloa ieetntrn mmee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On Mdyona, Tttewri uesrs nedto tath teh buel bdri lgoo uluyasl fnduo on Ttirewt\u2019s hepamoeg adn lodngai sneecr hsa nwo bnee repedacl wthi an igmae of Dgoe, teh Sabhi Iun dgo uesd as a ppurloa ieetntrn mmee.", "scrambled": "On Mdyona, Tttewri uesrs nedto tath teh buel bdri lgoo uluyasl fnduo on Ttirewt\u2019s hepamoeg adn lodngai sneecr hsa nwo bnee repedacl wthi an igmae of Dgoe, teh Sabhi Iun dgo uesd as a ppurloa ieetntrn mmee.", "original": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that the blue bird logo usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Shiba Inu dog used as a popular internet meme.", "recovered": "On Mdyona, Tttewri uesrs nedto tath teh buel bdri lgoo uluyasl fnduo on Ttirewt\u2019s hepamoeg adn lodngai sneecr hsa nwo bnee repedacl wthi an igmae of Dgoe, teh Sabhi Iun dgo uesd as a ppurloa ieetntrn mmee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Sepembetr 14, 1814, Fsarinc Stcot Kye pdnene a pmeo areft wnsgstinei teh Battel of Ftro MncyreH in Bimtaelor drginu teh Wra of 1812 (wchih alucatyl ledsta utiln 1815). Hsi pmeo wsa ltera ste to msiuc, adn in 1931, it bmacee Aemaric\u2019s nnatloai anhetm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On Sepembetr 14, 1814, Fsarinc Stcot Kye pdnene a pmeo areft wnsgstinei teh Battel of Ftro MncyreH in Bimtaelor drginu teh Wra of 1812 (wchih alucatyl ledsta utiln 1815). Hsi pmeo wsa ltera ste to msiuc, adn in 1931, it bmacee Aemaric\u2019s nnatloai anhetm.", "scrambled": "On Sepembetr 14, 1814, Fsarinc Stcot Kye pdnene a pmeo areft wnsgstinei teh Battel of Ftro MncyreH in Bimtaelor drginu teh Wra of 1812 (wchih alucatyl ledsta utiln 1815). Hsi pmeo wsa ltera ste to msiuc, adn in 1931, it bmacee Aemaric\u2019s nnatloai anhetm.", "original": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.", "recovered": "On Sepembetr 14, 1814, Fsarinc Stcot Kye pdnene a pmeo areft wnsgstinei teh Battel of Ftro MncyreH in Bimtaelor drginu teh Wra of 1812 (wchih alucatyl ledsta utiln 1815). Hsi pmeo wsa ltera ste to msiuc, adn in 1931, it bmacee Aemaric\u2019s nnatloai anhetm."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Wysdneaed, teh Etas Anasi crtouny eedcnat a nwe lwa scpagipnr a ctnseueir-odl stsmey ttah dmedee cenrildh to be oen yare odl at bhtir, whit a yrea aeddd ervye 1 Jnryuaa \u2013 mnngaei a bbay bnor on 31 Debecerm wuldo trnu tow teh nxet dya. A seaterpa smyest, uredn wcihh basebi weer zeor at bthir btu tdeurn oen on 1 Jraunya, hsa aslo been abdhloies.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "On Wysdneaed, teh Etas Anasi crtouny eedcnat a nwe lwa scpagipnr a ctnseueir-odl stsmey ttah dmedee cenrildh to be oen yare odl at bhtir, whit a yrea aeddd ervye 1 Jnryuaa \u2013 mnngaei a bbay bnor on 31 Debecerm wuldo trnu tow teh nxet dya. A seaterpa smyest, uredn wcihh basebi weer zeor at bthir btu tdeurn oen on 1 Jraunya, hsa aslo been abdhloies.", "scrambled": "On Wysdneaed, teh Etas Anasi crtouny eedcnat a nwe lwa scpagipnr a ctnseueir-odl stsmey ttah dmedee cenrildh to be oen yare odl at bhtir, whit a yrea aeddd ervye 1 Jnryuaa \u2013 mnngaei a bbay bnor on 31 Debecerm wuldo trnu tow teh nxet dya. A seaterpa smyest, uredn wcihh basebi weer zeor at bthir btu tdeurn oen on 1 Jraunya, hsa aslo been abdhloies.", "original": "On Wednesday, the East Asian country enacted a new law scrapping a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A separate system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished.", "recovered": "On Wysdneaed, teh Etas Anasi crtouny eedcnat a nwe lwa scpagipnr a ctnseueir-odl stsmey ttah dmedee cenrildh to be oen yare odl at bhtir, whit a yrea aeddd ervye 1 Jnryuaa \u2013 mnngaei a bbay bnor on 31 Debecerm wuldo trnu tow teh nxet dya. A seaterpa smyest, uredn wcihh basebi weer zeor at bthir btu tdeurn oen on 1 Jraunya, hsa aslo been abdhloies."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Oen in 10 poelpe sadi tyeh dknu sesagua rolsl in trhie cpu of tae, arndicgoc to a suytd tath hsa cudase mchu uepst fro teh Diyla Sart. Teh tioldba clelad teh piccrtae a \u201chuesodi hitba\u201d adn fethrru cadleim taht 4% of ividsianuld, whmo teyh rferdree to as \u201cwnogr \u2019usn\u201d, eggena in teh atc of diipgnp sdwnaichse iotn hto beregsaev \u2013 shmtiogne teh tlobdai demede nighont sthor of \u201celvi\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Oen in 10 poelpe sadi tyeh dknu sesagua rolsl in trhie cpu of tae, arndicgoc to a suytd tath hsa cudase mchu uepst fro teh Diyla Sart. Teh tioldba clelad teh piccrtae a \u201chuesodi hitba\u201d adn fethrru cadleim taht 4% of ividsianuld, whmo teyh rferdree to as \u201cwnogr \u2019usn\u201d, eggena in teh atc of diipgnp sdwnaichse iotn hto beregsaev \u2013 shmtiogne teh tlobdai demede nighont sthor of \u201celvi", "scrambled": "Oen in 10 poelpe sadi tyeh dknu sesagua rolsl in trhie cpu of tae, arndicgoc to a suytd tath hsa cudase mchu uepst fro teh Diyla Sart. Teh tioldba clelad teh piccrtae a \u201chuesodi hitba\u201d adn fethrru cadleim taht 4% of ividsianuld, whmo teyh rferdree to as \u201cwnogr \u2019usn\u201d, eggena in teh atc of diipgnp sdwnaichse iotn hto beregsaev \u2013 shmtiogne teh tlobdai demede nighont sthor of \u201celvi\u201d.", "original": "One in 10 people said they dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and further claimed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 something the tabloid deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "recovered": "Oen in 10 poelpe sadi tyeh dknu sesagua rolsl in trhie cpu of tae, arndicgoc to a suytd tath hsa cudase mchu uepst fro teh Diyla Sart. Teh tioldba clelad teh piccrtae a \u201chuesodi hitba\u201d adn fethrru cadleim taht 4% of ividsianuld, whmo teyh rferdree to as \u201cwnogr \u2019usn\u201d, eggena in teh atc of diipgnp sdwnaichse iotn hto beregsaev \u2013 shmtiogne teh tlobdai demede nighont sthor of \u201celvi"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Oen tpri to sacpe wlli ctos yuo atuob $450,000. Herowve, teh mojiytra of Asrcinema acullyat dno\u2019t wnta to lavee Etahr. Olny aoubt 40% wdulo talerv to saepc if gnive teh oyruptpntoi, adncgroci to a CNN aniaslys.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Oen tpri to sacpe wlli ctos yuo atuob $450,000. Herowve, teh mojiytra of Asrcinema acullyat dno\u2019t wnta to lavee Etahr. Olny aoubt 40% wdulo talerv to saepc if gnive teh oyruptpntoi, adncgroci to a CNN aniaslys.", "scrambled": "Oen tpri to sacpe wlli ctos yuo atuob $450,000. Herowve, teh mojiytra of Asrcinema acullyat dno\u2019t wnta to lavee Etahr. Olny aoubt 40% wdulo talerv to saepc if gnive teh oyruptpntoi, adncgroci to a CNN aniaslys.", "original": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Americans actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN analysis.", "recovered": "Oen tpri to sacpe wlli ctos yuo atuob $450,000. Herowve, teh mojiytra of Asrcinema acullyat dno\u2019t wnta to lavee Etahr. Olny aoubt 40% wdulo talerv to saepc if gnive teh oyruptpntoi, adncgroci to a CNN aniaslys."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Okreny cdoul leeav teh UK adn bceoem a ttreroiyr of Nyoraw udenr nwe possoprla to eorlepx \u201catietrvealn fosrm of grencaenvo\u201d tath cdoul pevorid mreo eomccoin orpnisiutpote. Teh iandlss wree uerdn Nwgnireoa adn Dsaihn cnoolrt uitnl 1472.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Okreny cdoul leeav teh UK adn bceoem a ttreroiyr of Nyoraw udenr nwe possoprla to eorlepx \u201catietrvealn fosrm of grencaenvo\u201d tath cdoul pevorid mreo eomccoin orpnisiutpote. Teh iandlss wree uerdn Nwgnireoa adn Dsaihn cnoolrt uitnl 1472.", "scrambled": "Okreny cdoul leeav teh UK adn bceoem a ttreroiyr of Nyoraw udenr nwe possoprla to eorlepx \u201catietrvealn fosrm of grencaenvo\u201d tath cdoul pevorid mreo eomccoin orpnisiutpote. Teh iandlss wree uerdn Nwgnireoa adn Dsaihn cnoolrt uitnl 1472.", "original": "Orkney could leave the UK and become a territory of Norway under new proposals to explore \u201calternative forms of governance\u201d that could provide more economic opportunities. The islands were under Norwegian and Danish control until 1472.", "recovered": "Okreny cdoul leeav teh UK adn bceoem a ttreroiyr of Nyoraw udenr nwe possoprla to eorlepx \u201catietrvealn fosrm of grencaenvo\u201d tath cdoul pevorid mreo eomccoin orpnisiutpote. Teh iandlss wree uerdn Nwgnireoa adn Dsaihn cnoolrt uitnl 1472."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pairs is pniprgrae fro teh 2024 Ocipmly Gmeas ceeerdtn arnduo teh Reirv Senei. Teh oinpgne cnoyeerm, wihch is tytralioldnia hedl idnesi teh htos cyit\u2019s Oilcpmy smiaudt, wlli tkea plaec on teh rveir, whti at lesat 600,000 peepol epedectx to wtcah fmro teh basnk, agindoccr to ozairnresg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Pairs is pniprgrae fro teh 2024 Ocipmly Gmeas ceeerdtn arnduo teh Reirv Senei. Teh oinpgne cnoyeerm, wihch is tytralioldnia hedl idnesi teh htos cyit\u2019s Oilcpmy smiaudt, wlli tkea plaec on teh rveir, whti at lesat 600,000 peepol epedectx to wtcah fmro teh basnk, agindoccr to ozairnresg.", "scrambled": "Pairs is pniprgrae fro teh 2024 Ocipmly Gmeas ceeerdtn arnduo teh Reirv Senei. Teh oinpgne cnoyeerm, wihch is tytralioldnia hedl idnesi teh htos cyit\u2019s Oilcpmy smiaudt, wlli tkea plaec on teh rveir, whti at lesat 600,000 peepol epedectx to wtcah fmro teh basnk, agindoccr to ozairnresg.", "original": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers.", "recovered": "Pairs is pniprgrae fro teh 2024 Ocipmly Gmeas ceeerdtn arnduo teh Reirv Senei. Teh oinpgne cnoyeerm, wihch is tytralioldnia hedl idnesi teh htos cyit\u2019s Oilcpmy smiaudt, wlli tkea plaec on teh rveir, whti at lesat 600,000 peepol epedectx to wtcah fmro teh basnk, agindoccr to ozairnresg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ppoeel woh aer 65 adn oerdl or thseo woh haev weeaenkd ieunmm symstes adn \u201cwnat teh onpoit of addde pinerootct\u201d aer nwo aedwlol aroehnt bseorot dseo, teh CCD sida tish wkee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ppoeel woh aer 65 adn oerdl or thseo woh haev weeaenkd ieunmm symstes adn \u201cwnat teh onpoit of addde pinerootct\u201d aer nwo aedwlol aroehnt bseorot dseo, teh CCD sida tish wkee.", "scrambled": "Ppoeel woh aer 65 adn oerdl or thseo woh haev weeaenkd ieunmm symstes adn \u201cwnat teh onpoit of addde pinerootct\u201d aer nwo aedwlol aroehnt bseorot dseo, teh CCD sida tish wkee.", "original": "People who are 65 and older or those who have weakened immune systems and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another booster dose, the CDC said this week.", "recovered": "Ppoeel woh aer 65 adn oerdl or thseo woh haev weeaenkd ieunmm symstes adn \u201cwnat teh onpoit of addde pinerootct\u201d aer nwo aedwlol aroehnt bseorot dseo, teh CCD sida tish wkee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Penxioh jtus eerddun teh htottse mhton fro ayn US ctyi on rordec. Tsmtraureeep in teh roigen padeke uernd 110 deeesgr Fnhehrtiae fro teh fstri tmei in a mhont on Mnoyad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Penxioh jtus eerddun teh htottse mhton fro ayn US ctyi on rordec. Tsmtraureeep in teh roigen padeke uernd 110 deeesgr Fnhehrtiae fro teh fstri tmei in a mhont on Mnoyad.", "scrambled": "Penxioh jtus eerddun teh htottse mhton fro ayn US ctyi on rordec. Tsmtraureeep in teh roigen padeke uernd 110 deeesgr Fnhehrtiae fro teh fstri tmei in a mhont on Mnoyad.", "original": "Phoenix just endured the hottest month for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday.", "recovered": "Penxioh jtus eerddun teh htottse mhton fro ayn US ctyi on rordec. Tsmtraureeep in teh roigen padeke uernd 110 deeesgr Fnhehrtiae fro teh fstri tmei in a mhont on Mnoyad."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pasln fro flginim teh fihft adn fnlia soenas of \u201cSnragtre Tnhsgi\u201d hsa bene pesdua deu to teh wetsrir\u2019 stierk, teh swoh\u2019s co-crsarteo annoeucnd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Pasln fro flginim teh fihft adn fnlia soenas of \u201cSnragtre Tnhsgi\u201d hsa bene pesdua deu to teh wetsrir\u2019 stierk, teh swoh\u2019s co-crsarteo annoeucnd.", "scrambled": "Pasln fro flginim teh fihft adn fnlia soenas of \u201cSnragtre Tnhsgi\u201d hsa bene pesdua deu to teh wetsrir\u2019 stierk, teh swoh\u2019s co-crsarteo annoeucnd.", "original": "Plans for filming the fifth and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creators announced.", "recovered": "Pasln fro flginim teh fihft adn fnlia soenas of \u201cSnragtre Tnhsgi\u201d hsa bene pesdua deu to teh wetsrir\u2019 stierk, teh swoh\u2019s co-crsarteo annoeucnd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Paly wsa deprudsti areft a perstrtoe cmibedl ootn a tealb adn crdevoe it wthi ongrae pdorwe, wihel aeohrnt atvistic tiedr to gelu hrlfees to a dftfeinre tlabe. Teh dou were atdseerr folowlign teh ianvniso at Sfedilehf\u2019s Cirebcul.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Paly wsa deprudsti areft a perstrtoe cmibedl ootn a tealb adn crdevoe it wthi ongrae pdorwe, wihel aeohrnt atvistic tiedr to gelu hrlfees to a dftfeinre tlabe. Teh dou were atdseerr folowlign teh ianvniso at Sfedilehf\u2019s Cirebcul.", "scrambled": "Paly wsa deprudsti areft a perstrtoe cmibedl ootn a tealb adn crdevoe it wthi ongrae pdorwe, wihel aeohrnt atvistic tiedr to gelu hrlfees to a dftfeinre tlabe. Teh dou were atdseerr folowlign teh ianvniso at Sfedilehf\u2019s Cirebcul.", "original": "Play was disrupted after a protester climbed onto a table and covered it with orange powder, while another activist tried to glue herself to a different table. The duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "recovered": "Paly wsa deprudsti areft a perstrtoe cmibedl ootn a tealb adn crdevoe it wthi ongrae pdorwe, wihel aeohrnt atvistic tiedr to gelu hrlfees to a dftfeinre tlabe. Teh dou were atdseerr folowlign teh ianvniso at Sfedilehf\u2019s Cirebcul."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Poleci adesterr atslom 1,000 pelpeo in teh UK\u2019s lagerts erev cdrkoancw on oigrsdnae cmrei. A tltoa of 20 fmraresi, \u00a3636,000 in chas adn 20kg of caiceon were asol sidzee dgrniu teh niedianwot rdisa in Jenu, teh Nailntoa Pcloie Csheif\u2019 Cinluco aenuncdon tsih weke.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Poleci adesterr atslom 1,000 pelpeo in teh UK\u2019s lagerts erev cdrkoancw on oigrsdnae cmrei. A tltoa of 20 fmraresi, \u00a3636,000 in chas adn 20kg of caiceon were asol sidzee dgrniu teh niedianwot rdisa in Jenu, teh Nailntoa Pcloie Csheif\u2019 Cinluco aenuncdon tsih weke.", "scrambled": "Poleci adesterr atslom 1,000 pelpeo in teh UK\u2019s lagerts erev cdrkoancw on oigrsdnae cmrei. A tltoa of 20 fmraresi, \u00a3636,000 in chas adn 20kg of caiceon were asol sidzee dgrniu teh niedianwot rdisa in Jenu, teh Nailntoa Pcloie Csheif\u2019 Cinluco aenuncdon tsih weke.", "original": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "recovered": "Poleci adesterr atslom 1,000 pelpeo in teh UK\u2019s lagerts erev cdrkoancw on oigrsdnae cmrei. A tltoa of 20 fmraresi, \u00a3636,000 in chas adn 20kg of caiceon were asol sidzee dgrniu teh niedianwot rdisa in Jenu, teh Nailntoa Pcloie Csheif\u2019 Cinluco aenuncdon tsih weke."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pierstnneg hsi fsrit Btgeud to Pmlnateira on Weeaddsny, Hntu liad otu a reang of meurseas iddteenn to ergauocen ecocnoim ghrwot by btgosoni epotnmelym, idunlcnig edxientgn fere clideachr adn liifntg a cpa on txa-fere pnoensi ssnvgia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Pierstnneg hsi fsrit Btgeud to Pmlnateira on Weeaddsny, Hntu liad otu a reang of meurseas iddteenn to ergauocen ecocnoim ghrwot by btgosoni epotnmelym, idunlcnig edxientgn fere clideachr adn liifntg a cpa on txa-fere pnoensi ssnvgia.", "scrambled": "Pierstnneg hsi fsrit Btgeud to Pmlnateira on Weeaddsny, Hntu liad otu a reang of meurseas iddteenn to ergauocen ecocnoim ghrwot by btgosoni epotnmelym, idunlcnig edxientgn fere clideachr adn liifntg a cpa on txa-fere pnoensi ssnvgia.", "original": "Presenting his first Budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting employment, including extending free childcare and lifting a cap on tax-free pension savings.", "recovered": "Pierstnneg hsi fsrit Btgeud to Pmlnateira on Weeaddsny, Hntu liad otu a reang of meurseas iddteenn to ergauocen ecocnoim ghrwot by btgosoni epotnmelym, idunlcnig edxientgn fere clideachr adn liifntg a cpa on txa-fere pnoensi ssnvgia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pndieters Amrbaah Lolcnni iudess teh Eaioiatpnmcn Pnloirmtaoac on Jrauyna 1, 1863, as teh nnatoi apocehdarp ist tdrih yare of boldyo cviil wra. Teh pnomcioratla ddceelar \u201cttha all pssoren hdel as sseval\u201d wnhtii teh rbleuielso saetst \u201caer, adn hwradefenroc sahll be fere.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Pndieters Amrbaah Lolcnni iudess teh Eaioiatpnmcn Pnloirmtaoac on Jrauyna 1, 1863, as teh nnatoi apocehdarp ist tdrih yare of boldyo cviil wra. Teh pnomcioratla ddceelar \u201cttha all pssoren hdel as sseval\u201d wnhtii teh rbleuielso saetst \u201caer, adn hwradefenroc sahll be fere.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Pndieters Amrbaah Lolcnni iudess teh Eaioiatpnmcn Pnloirmtaoac on Jrauyna 1, 1863, as teh nnatoi apocehdarp ist tdrih yare of boldyo cviil wra. Teh pnomcioratla ddceelar \u201cttha all pssoren hdel as sseval\u201d wnhtii teh rbleuielso saetst \u201caer, adn hwradefenroc sahll be fere.\u201d.", "original": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d.", "recovered": "Pndieters Amrbaah Lolcnni iudess teh Eaioiatpnmcn Pnloirmtaoac on Jrauyna 1, 1863, as teh nnatoi apocehdarp ist tdrih yare of boldyo cviil wra. Teh pnomcioratla ddceelar \u201cttha all pssoren hdel as sseval\u201d wnhtii teh rbleuielso saetst \u201caer, adn hwradefenroc sahll be fere.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ptdrieesn Jeo Bdien adn frsti ldya Jlil Bidne cpapde Shtou Knaoer Pterdines Yono Sku Yleo\u2019s oilicffa sttae vsiti whit a lvhais steat dnrein at teh Whtei Heosu Wdnayedse ngiht to certlabee teh tow nstanoi\u2019 70-yare aelclian.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ptdrieesn Jeo Bdien adn frsti ldya Jlil Bidne cpapde Shtou Knaoer Pterdines Yono Sku Yleo\u2019s oilicffa sttae vsiti whit a lvhais steat dnrein at teh Whtei Heosu Wdnayedse ngiht to certlabee teh tow nstanoi\u2019 70-yare aelclian.", "scrambled": "Ptdrieesn Jeo Bdien adn frsti ldya Jlil Bidne cpapde Shtou Knaoer Pterdines Yono Sku Yleo\u2019s oilicffa sttae vsiti whit a lvhais steat dnrein at teh Whtei Heosu Wdnayedse ngiht to certlabee teh tow nstanoi\u2019 70-yare aelclian.", "original": "President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a lavish state dinner at the White House Wednesday night to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "recovered": "Ptdrieesn Jeo Bdien adn frsti ldya Jlil Bidne cpapde Shtou Knaoer Pterdines Yono Sku Yleo\u2019s oilicffa sttae vsiti whit a lvhais steat dnrein at teh Whtei Heosu Wdnayedse ngiht to certlabee teh tow nstanoi\u2019 70-yare aelclian."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Peidtrsne Jeo Bdnei woedcmle teh Spuer Blwo Cnhpoaim Ksaasn Cyit Csfihe to teh Weiht Hseou Mdyona. See pshoto fomr teh spclaie osnoiacc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Peidtrsne Jeo Bdnei woedcmle teh Spuer Blwo Cnhpoaim Ksaasn Cyit Csfihe to teh Weiht Hseou Mdyona. See pshoto fomr teh spclaie osnoiacc.", "scrambled": "Peidtrsne Jeo Bdnei woedcmle teh Spuer Blwo Cnhpoaim Ksaasn Cyit Csfihe to teh Weiht Hseou Mdyona. See pshoto fomr teh spclaie osnoiacc.", "original": "President Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion.", "recovered": "Peidtrsne Jeo Bdnei woedcmle teh Spuer Blwo Cnhpoaim Ksaasn Cyit Csfihe to teh Weiht Hseou Mdyona. See pshoto fomr teh spclaie osnoiacc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Psrendite Naiby Bekule\u2019s gmenrtnveo hsa leockd up a taolt of aotsml 2% of teh cutyonr's atldu plaootpiun adn hsa biutl a 40,000-cciatypa mgae pnoris to adotcmmaoce scpedsute gnga mrebmse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Psrendite Naiby Bekule\u2019s gmenrtnveo hsa leockd up a taolt of aotsml 2% of teh cutyonr's atldu plaootpiun adn hsa biutl a 40,000-cciatypa mgae pnoris to adotcmmaoce scpedsute gnga mrebmse.", "scrambled": "Psrendite Naiby Bekule\u2019s gmenrtnveo hsa leockd up a taolt of aotsml 2% of teh cutyonr's atldu plaootpiun adn hsa biutl a 40,000-cciatypa mgae pnoris to adotcmmaoce scpedsute gnga mrebmse.", "original": "President Nayib Bukele\u2019s government has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.", "recovered": "Psrendite Naiby Bekule\u2019s gmenrtnveo hsa leockd up a taolt of aotsml 2% of teh cutyonr's atldu plaootpiun adn hsa biutl a 40,000-cciatypa mgae pnoris to adotcmmaoce scpedsute gnga mrebmse."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pcreni Hrary adn hsi wfei Manhge wree ivnvolde in a chciota cra cseah wiht pzraaiazp in Nwe Ykor on Tdeyuas tath cuodl heav rdtsulee in a \u201cchastcairtop\u201d omuetoc, tehri ssponeprkseo hsa aedlelg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Pcreni Hrary adn hsi wfei Manhge wree ivnvolde in a chciota cra cseah wiht pzraaiazp in Nwe Ykor on Tdeyuas tath cuodl heav rdtsulee in a \u201cchastcairtop\u201d omuetoc, tehri ssponeprkseo hsa aedlelg.", "scrambled": "Pcreni Hrary adn hsi wfei Manhge wree ivnvolde in a chciota cra cseah wiht pzraaiazp in Nwe Ykor on Tdeyuas tath cuodl heav rdtsulee in a \u201cchastcairtop\u201d omuetoc, tehri ssponeprkseo hsa aedlelg.", "original": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson has alleged.", "recovered": "Pcreni Hrary adn hsi wfei Manhge wree ivnvolde in a chciota cra cseah wiht pzraaiazp in Nwe Ykor on Tdeyuas tath cuodl heav rdtsulee in a \u201cchastcairtop\u201d omuetoc, tehri ssponeprkseo hsa aedlelg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Prtoue Rcina sauetrrsp Bda Buynn hsa ndtoech up ahreotn rdorec wthi hsi futhro siotdu aublm, \u201cUn Vnaore Sni Ti\u201d, begnmcoi Sfypiot\u2019s msto sraedetm aumlb of all tmie. In 2022, teh tarp adn re\u00f3ganteg sngeri wsa teh mtos seedamtr aisttr fro teh thdir ceionuecstv yare. He\u2019s rhdeeca \u201ca nwe steoerahsrpt of srtaodm\u201d, siad Rioglnl Seont.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Prtoue Rcina sauetrrsp Bda Buynn hsa ndtoech up ahreotn rdorec wthi hsi futhro siotdu aublm, \u201cUn Vnaore Sni Ti\u201d, begnmcoi Sfypiot\u2019s msto sraedetm aumlb of all tmie. In 2022, teh tarp adn re\u00f3ganteg sngeri wsa teh mtos seedamtr aisttr fro teh thdir ceionuecstv yare. He\u2019s rhdeeca \u201ca nwe steoerahsrpt of srtaodm\u201d, siad Rioglnl Seont.", "scrambled": "Prtoue Rcina sauetrrsp Bda Buynn hsa ndtoech up ahreotn rdorec wthi hsi futhro siotdu aublm, \u201cUn Vnaore Sni Ti\u201d, begnmcoi Sfypiot\u2019s msto sraedetm aumlb of all tmie. In 2022, teh tarp adn re\u00f3ganteg sngeri wsa teh mtos seedamtr aisttr fro teh thdir ceionuecstv yare. He\u2019s rhdeeca \u201ca nwe steoerahsrpt of srtaodm\u201d, siad Rioglnl Seont.", "original": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up another record with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "recovered": "Prtoue Rcina sauetrrsp Bda Buynn hsa ndtoech up ahreotn rdorec wthi hsi futhro siotdu aublm, \u201cUn Vnaore Sni Ti\u201d, begnmcoi Sfypiot\u2019s msto sraedetm aumlb of all tmie. In 2022, teh tarp adn re\u00f3ganteg sngeri wsa teh mtos seedamtr aisttr fro teh thdir ceionuecstv yare. He\u2019s rhdeeca \u201ca nwe steoerahsrpt of srtaodm\u201d, siad Rioglnl Seont."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rymdona Mntiar, maningag drcoiert of teh Btisrhi Teiotl Atioancsois, tdol Teh Garnaudi ttha teh csuorle of hlfa of teh UK\u2019s pibulc lsoo in teh ptas deecad wsa rgnelutsi in serett uinatiorn, asol konnw as wldi toitnelgi, \u201ceheeeywrrv nwo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rymdona Mntiar, maningag drcoiert of teh Btisrhi Teiotl Atioancsois, tdol Teh Garnaudi ttha teh csuorle of hlfa of teh UK\u2019s pibulc lsoo in teh ptas deecad wsa rgnelutsi in serett uinatiorn, asol konnw as wldi toitnelgi, \u201ceheeeywrrv nwo\u201d.", "scrambled": "Rymdona Mntiar, maningag drcoiert of teh Btisrhi Teiotl Atioancsois, tdol Teh Garnaudi ttha teh csuorle of hlfa of teh UK\u2019s pibulc lsoo in teh ptas deecad wsa rgnelutsi in serett uinatiorn, asol konnw as wldi toitnelgi, \u201ceheeeywrrv nwo\u201d.", "original": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told The Guardian that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in street urination, also known as wild toileting, \u201ceverywhere now\u201d.", "recovered": "Rymdona Mntiar, maningag drcoiert of teh Btisrhi Teiotl Atioancsois, tdol Teh Garnaudi ttha teh csuorle of hlfa of teh UK\u2019s pibulc lsoo in teh ptas deecad wsa rgnelutsi in serett uinatiorn, asol konnw as wldi toitnelgi, \u201ceheeeywrrv nwo\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Reltcyen rleveead veiod faoeotg cdurpeta on teh Gerek iansld of Lobess aprapse to swho 12 Anfiacr mrtignsa, indngciul a byab, benig tdeow otu to sae adn anodnbdae on an ifltbnelaa rtfa. Aidm gongirw cnncero orve ilaglel psskhacbu of aumysl sskeree, teh EU hmoe afrafis ciomisrnemos, Yavl Joansnosh, siad hre oiilfsfca hda wtterin to Aensht whit a fomlra rsteequ \u201cttah tish iitcennd be fylul adn iytleenpndnde isvgntiedaet\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Reltcyen rleveead veiod faoeotg cdurpeta on teh Gerek iansld of Lobess aprapse to swho 12 Anfiacr mrtignsa, indngciul a byab, benig tdeow otu to sae adn anodnbdae on an ifltbnelaa rtfa. Aidm gongirw cnncero orve ilaglel psskhacbu of aumysl sskeree, teh EU hmoe afrafis ciomisrnemos, Yavl Joansnosh, siad hre oiilfsfca hda wtterin to Aensht whit a fomlra rsteequ \u201cttah tish iitcen", "scrambled": "Reltcyen rleveead veiod faoeotg cdurpeta on teh Gerek iansld of Lobess aprapse to swho 12 Anfiacr mrtignsa, indngciul a byab, benig tdeow otu to sae adn anodnbdae on an ifltbnelaa rtfa. Aidm gongirw cnncero orve ilaglel psskhacbu of aumysl sskeree, teh EU hmoe afrafis ciomisrnemos, Yavl Joansnosh, siad hre oiilfsfca hda wtterin to Aensht whit a fomlra rsteequ \u201cttah tish iitcennd be fylul adn iytleenpndnde isvgntiedaet\u201d.", "original": "Recently revealed video footage captured on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, being towed out to sea and abandoned on an inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks of asylum seekers, the EU home affairs commissioner, Ylva Johansson, said her officials had written to Athens with a formal request \u201cthat this incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.", "recovered": "Reltcyen rleveead veiod faoeotg cdurpeta on teh Gerek iansld of Lobess aprapse to swho 12 Anfiacr mrtignsa, indngciul a byab, benig tdeow otu to sae adn anodnbdae on an ifltbnelaa rtfa. Aidm gongirw cnncero orve ilaglel psskhacbu of aumysl sskeree, teh EU hmoe afrafis ciomisrnemos, Yavl Joansnosh, siad hre oiilfsfca hda wtterin to Aensht whit a fomlra rsteequ \u201cttah tish iitcen"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Reeealds on Jneu 20, 1975, \u201cJwsa\u201d wtne on to bcomee teh fistr flim to grsso mroe tnah $100 mloliin at teh bxo ofcfie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Reeealds on Jneu 20, 1975, \u201cJwsa\u201d wtne on to bcomee teh fistr flim to grsso mroe tnah $100 mloliin at teh bxo ofcfie.", "scrambled": "Reeealds on Jneu 20, 1975, \u201cJwsa\u201d wtne on to bcomee teh fistr flim to grsso mroe tnah $100 mloliin at teh bxo ofcfie.", "original": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "recovered": "Reeealds on Jneu 20, 1975, \u201cJwsa\u201d wtne on to bcomee teh fistr flim to grsso mroe tnah $100 mloliin at teh bxo ofcfie."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Raenlt e-soetcsor aer to be otuleawd in teh Fhercn catalpi aerft a rdemeenufr wsa hdel lsta wkee. Anrdou 89% of vsoet cats weer in srtuopp of a bna, btu whit no onneil vgiont, ttuurno wsa olyn atbou 8%. Ntseelvesreh, teh rtulse mensa Prasi wlil beoecm teh fsrti morja Enuperao calapit to otwlua teh storsceo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Raenlt e-soetcsor aer to be otuleawd in teh Fhercn catalpi aerft a rdemeenufr wsa hdel lsta wkee. Anrdou 89% of vsoet cats weer in srtuopp of a bna, btu whit no onneil vgiont, ttuurno wsa olyn atbou 8%. Ntseelvesreh, teh rtulse mensa Prasi wlil beoecm teh fsrti morja Enuperao calapit to otwlua teh storsceo.", "scrambled": "Raenlt e-soetcsor aer to be otuleawd in teh Fhercn catalpi aerft a rdemeenufr wsa hdel lsta wkee. Anrdou 89% of vsoet cats weer in srtuopp of a bna, btu whit no onneil vgiont, ttuurno wsa olyn atbou 8%. Ntseelvesreh, teh rtulse mensa Prasi wlil beoecm teh fsrti morja Enuperao calapit to otwlua teh storsceo.", "original": "Rental e-scooters are to be outlawed in the French capital after a referendum was held last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the scooters.", "recovered": "Raenlt e-soetcsor aer to be otuleawd in teh Fhercn catalpi aerft a rdemeenufr wsa hdel lsta wkee. Anrdou 89% of vsoet cats weer in srtuopp of a bna, btu whit no onneil vgiont, ttuurno wsa olyn atbou 8%. Ntseelvesreh, teh rtulse mensa Prasi wlil beoecm teh fsrti morja Enuperao calapit to otwlua teh storsceo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rrecesah by Bawtey fndou thta teh Wtes Ysikerroh ciyt wsa teh lesta synun in teh UK, fldlooew by. Boalkpclo adn Aeeenrbd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rrecesah by Bawtey fndou thta teh Wtes Ysikerroh ciyt wsa teh lesta synun in teh UK, fldlooew by. Boalkpclo adn Aeeenrbd.", "scrambled": "Rrecesah by Bawtey fndou thta teh Wtes Ysikerroh ciyt wsa teh lesta synun in teh UK, fldlooew by. Boalkpclo adn Aeeenrbd.", "original": "Research by Betway found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "recovered": "Rrecesah by Bawtey fndou thta teh Wtes Ysikerroh ciyt wsa teh lesta synun in teh UK, fldlooew by. Boalkpclo adn Aeeenrbd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rcseeesrhra dnekud 17 pploaur bssuicit in cspu of tae adn reddcero hwo mnay dksnu echa tpye svdriveu berfeo bniagker arpat. Teh Jaaff Ckae wsa dredlcae teh wirnen \u2013 depiset cicistr queiisgntno weterhh it realyl is a bcstiiu \u2013 whit 116 duskn, carpdemo wiht teh Dieeigstv\u2019s sxi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rcseeesrhra dnekud 17 pploaur bssuicit in cspu of tae adn reddcero hwo mnay dksnu echa tpye svdriveu berfeo bniagker arpat. Teh Jaaff Ckae wsa dredlcae teh wirnen \u2013 depiset cicistr queiisgntno weterhh it realyl is a bcstiiu \u2013 whit 116 duskn, carpdemo wiht teh Dieeigstv\u2019s sxi.", "scrambled": "Rcseeesrhra dnekud 17 pploaur bssuicit in cspu of tae adn reddcero hwo mnay dksnu echa tpye svdriveu berfeo bniagker arpat. Teh Jaaff Ckae wsa dredlcae teh wirnen \u2013 depiset cicistr queiisgntno weterhh it realyl is a bcstiiu \u2013 whit 116 duskn, carpdemo wiht teh Dieeigstv\u2019s sxi.", "original": "Researchers dunked 17 popular biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived before breaking apart. The Jaffa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 despite critics questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "recovered": "Rcseeesrhra dnekud 17 pploaur bssuicit in cspu of tae adn reddcero hwo mnay dksnu echa tpye svdriveu berfeo bniagker arpat. Teh Jaaff Ckae wsa dredlcae teh wirnen \u2013 depiset cicistr queiisgntno weterhh it realyl is a bcstiiu \u2013 whit 116 duskn, carpdemo wiht teh Dieeigstv\u2019s sxi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rednsetsi of Pilhailphdae rehsud to byu blttedo waert atref teh cyit sten a meblio arlet rdecogenimmn plpoee spto ugnsi tpa werta deu to teh sipll. Oafclsfii hvea scien siad teh cyit\u2019s dgkinnir wrate is sefa to ues.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rednsetsi of Pilhailphdae rehsud to byu blttedo waert atref teh cyit sten a meblio arlet rdecogenimmn plpoee spto ugnsi tpa werta deu to teh sipll. Oafclsfii hvea scien siad teh cyit\u2019s dgkinnir wrate is sefa to ues.", "scrambled": "Rednsetsi of Pilhailphdae rehsud to byu blttedo waert atref teh cyit sten a meblio arlet rdecogenimmn plpoee spto ugnsi tpa werta deu to teh sipll. Oafclsfii hvea scien siad teh cyit\u2019s dgkinnir wrate is sefa to ues.", "original": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile alert recommending people stop using tap water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "recovered": "Rednsetsi of Pilhailphdae rehsud to byu blttedo waert atref teh cyit sten a meblio arlet rdecogenimmn plpoee spto ugnsi tpa werta deu to teh sipll. Oafclsfii hvea scien siad teh cyit\u2019s dgkinnir wrate is sefa to ues."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rtednseis of Wretnse cteisi aer diiperoonolyparstt aecftedf, acndgiocr to a nwe ropret fomr teh Anmceria Lgun Acoinisaost. Ciaorfnlai hda 10 of teh 25 mtos ozeon-pluolted ctesii. Nwe Yokr, Chogica adn Hodrfatr, Cocutnntcei, weer teh oynl three on teh lsti esat of teh Mssisppisii Rivre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rtednseis of Wretnse cteisi aer diiperoonolyparstt aecftedf, acndgiocr to a nwe ropret fomr teh Anmceria Lgun Acoinisaost. Ciaorfnlai hda 10 of teh 25 mtos ozeon-pluolted ctesii. Nwe Yokr, Chogica adn Hodrfatr, Cocutnntcei, weer teh oynl three on teh lsti esat of teh Mssisppisii Rivre.", "scrambled": "Rtednseis of Wretnse cteisi aer diiperoonolyparstt aecftedf, acndgiocr to a nwe ropret fomr teh Anmceria Lgun Acoinisaost. Ciaorfnlai hda 10 of teh 25 mtos ozeon-pluolted ctesii. Nwe Yokr, Chogica adn Hodrfatr, Cocutnntcei, weer teh oynl three on teh lsti esat of teh Mssisppisii Rivre.", "original": "Residents of Western cities are disproportionately affected, according to a new report from the American Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "recovered": "Rtednseis of Wretnse cteisi aer diiperoonolyparstt aecftedf, acndgiocr to a nwe ropret fomr teh Anmceria Lgun Acoinisaost. Ciaorfnlai hda 10 of teh 25 mtos ozeon-pluolted ctesii. Nwe Yokr, Chogica adn Hodrfatr, Cocutnntcei, weer teh oynl three on teh lsti esat of teh Mssisppisii Rivre."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rouib wlli hvea ldoegg a tolta of at lseat 371 dysa in sapce, NAAS ociiaffls sida. Teh puorives rcerod of 355 dsay wsa ste by Mkar Vnade Hie in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Rouib wlli hvea ldoegg a tolta of at lseat 371 dysa in sapce, NAAS ociiaffls sida. Teh puorives rcerod of 355 dsay wsa ste by Mkar Vnade Hie in 2022.", "scrambled": "Rouib wlli hvea ldoegg a tolta of at lseat 371 dysa in sapce, NAAS ociiaffls sida. Teh puorives rcerod of 355 dsay wsa ste by Mkar Vnade Hie in 2022.", "original": "Rubio will have logged a total of at least 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "recovered": "Rouib wlli hvea ldoegg a tolta of at lseat 371 dysa in sapce, NAAS ociiaffls sida. Teh puorives rcerod of 355 dsay wsa ste by Mkar Vnade Hie in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Slmndoa sdnbeub wtah wsa dedbub teh \u201cSsotciht coitrnnaoo\u201d of teh nwe mrhnaoc adn pcteeidrd ttah Clrehsa wdoul be teh \u201cltas Kngi of Sotsc\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Slmndoa sdnbeub wtah wsa dedbub teh \u201cSsotciht coitrnnaoo\u201d of teh nwe mrhnaoc adn pcteeidrd ttah Clrehsa wdoul be teh \u201cltas Kngi of Sotsc\u201d.", "scrambled": "Slmndoa sdnbeub wtah wsa dedbub teh \u201cSsotciht coitrnnaoo\u201d of teh nwe mrhnaoc adn pcteeidrd ttah Clrehsa wdoul be teh \u201cltas Kngi of Sotsc\u201d.", "original": "Salmond snubbed what was dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d of the new monarch and predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast King of Scots\u201d.", "recovered": "Slmndoa sdnbeub wtah wsa dedbub teh \u201cSsotciht coitrnnaoo\u201d of teh nwe mrhnaoc adn pcteeidrd ttah Clrehsa wdoul be teh \u201cltas Kngi of Sotsc\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Seincstits at Cnhai\u2019s Suorhtne Mieclad Utyiivesnr tkcdare 212,000 Bsirhti ausldt wthi an aegerav aeg of 54 oerv a 12-yrae peidro adn fnoud ttha toseh woh cahtted on a meboli fro 30 mnteusi a wkee wree 12% mreo leylki to be dgiosande whit hghi bdolo psurseer, wehil sxi hsuor a weke reasid teh rski to 25%. Teh rrerhaessce sedgeugst ttha euopxrse to teh lwo lelsve of rdfeqcanyiuoer eyrnge eitdtme by poensh mya rseia bdolo psueersr, adn sngidpen husor on cslla wsa aols lneidk to wrose sleep adn hhgrie setsrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Seincstits at Cnhai\u2019s Suorhtne Mieclad Utyiivesnr tkcdare 212,000 Bsirhti ausldt wthi an aegerav aeg of 54 oerv a 12-yrae peidro adn fnoud ttha toseh woh cahtted on a meboli fro 30 mnteusi a wkee wree 12% mreo leylki to be dgiosande whit hghi bdolo psurseer, wehil sxi hsuor a weke reasid teh rski to 25%. Teh rrerhaessce sedgeugst ttha euopxrse to teh lwo lelsve of rdfeqcanyiuoer eit", "scrambled": "Seincstits at Cnhai\u2019s Suorhtne Mieclad Utyiivesnr tkcdare 212,000 Bsirhti ausldt wthi an aegerav aeg of 54 oerv a 12-yrae peidro adn fnoud ttha toseh woh cahtted on a meboli fro 30 mnteusi a wkee wree 12% mreo leylki to be dgiosande whit hghi bdolo psurseer, wehil sxi hsuor a weke reasid teh rski to 25%. Teh rrerhaessce sedgeugst ttha euopxrse to teh lwo lelsve of rdfeqcanyiuoer eyrnge eitdtme by poensh mya rseia bdolo psueersr, adn sngidpen husor on cslla wsa aols lneidk to wrose sleep adn hhgrie setsrs.", "original": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by phones may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on calls was also linked to worse sleep and higher stress.", "recovered": "Seincstits at Cnhai\u2019s Suorhtne Mieclad Utyiivesnr tkcdare 212,000 Bsirhti ausldt wthi an aegerav aeg of 54 oerv a 12-yrae peidro adn fnoud ttha toseh woh cahtted on a meboli fro 30 mnteusi a wkee wree 12% mreo leylki to be dgiosande whit hghi bdolo psurseer, wehil sxi hsuor a weke reasid teh rski to 25%. Teh rrerhaessce sedgeugst ttha euopxrse to teh lwo lelsve of rdfeqcanyiuoer eit"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Senaet GPO Ladree Mtich MonCnllec tldo rroetspre he\u2019s \u201cfein\u201d aertf fgirznee dngriu a nwse cneceeonrf on Wasndydee. MocelnlnC hsa dnedceli to epxilan wyh he fzeor up, tughho an adei sdai he wsa fgeenil ltigh-hdedea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Senaet GPO Ladree Mtich MonCnllec tldo rroetspre he\u2019s \u201cfein\u201d aertf fgirznee dngriu a nwse cneceeonrf on Wasndydee. MocelnlnC hsa dnedceli to epxilan wyh he fzeor up, tughho an adei sdai he wsa fgeenil ltigh-hdedea.", "scrambled": "Senaet GPO Ladree Mtich MonCnllec tldo rroetspre he\u2019s \u201cfein\u201d aertf fgirznee dngriu a nwse cneceeonrf on Wasndydee. MocelnlnC hsa dnedceli to epxilan wyh he fzeor up, tughho an adei sdai he wsa fgeenil ltigh-hdedea.", "original": "Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell has declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed.", "recovered": "Senaet GPO Ladree Mtich MonCnllec tldo rroetspre he\u2019s \u201cfein\u201d aertf fgirznee dngriu a nwse cneceeonrf on Wasndydee. MocelnlnC hsa dnedceli to epxilan wyh he fzeor up, tughho an adei sdai he wsa fgeenil ltigh-hdedea."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sephrpo Rsoe Rosoninb copnidleam to Syanirsub\u2019s fro giigvn ist ptcrodu a \u201cssiext\u201d nmea, aircdcogn to teh Dlyia Satr. Rnoisnbo is cilngla on teh smarpueekrt cihna to reeanm ist \u201cBgi Dadyd\u201d rpum stkae, wihhc seh fseel is a \u201cmsiitsocigny\u201d lbela. \u201cI wsa shcdeok adn juts a bti dnpdtioipesa thta in tish dya adn aeg, it wsa plioessb fro it to meak it tuohrhg wehverta canhnel it hda to hvea mdae it thoghur to gte oont teh sehvsel,\u201d seh adedd. Siusbanyr\u2019s sdai: \u201cWe sievtr to be a trylu iunvcesil rreteila.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sephrpo Rsoe Rosoninb copnidleam to Syanirsub\u2019s fro giigvn ist ptcrodu a \u201cssiext\u201d nmea, aircdcogn to teh Dlyia Satr. Rnoisnbo is cilngla on teh smarpueekrt cihna to reeanm ist \u201cBgi Dadyd\u201d rpum stkae, wihhc seh fseel is a \u201cmsiitsocigny\u201d lbela. \u201cI wsa shcdeok adn juts a bti dnpdtioipesa thta in tish dya adn aeg, it wsa plioessb fro it to meak it tuohrhg wehverta canhnel it hda to hvea ", "scrambled": "Sephrpo Rsoe Rosoninb copnidleam to Syanirsub\u2019s fro giigvn ist ptcrodu a \u201cssiext\u201d nmea, aircdcogn to teh Dlyia Satr. Rnoisnbo is cilngla on teh smarpueekrt cihna to reeanm ist \u201cBgi Dadyd\u201d rpum stkae, wihhc seh fseel is a \u201cmsiitsocigny\u201d lbela. \u201cI wsa shcdeok adn juts a bti dnpdtioipesa thta in tish dya adn aeg, it wsa plioessb fro it to meak it tuohrhg wehverta canhnel it hda to hvea mdae it thoghur to gte oont teh sehvsel,\u201d seh adedd. Siusbanyr\u2019s sdai: \u201cWe sievtr to be a trylu iunvcesil rreteila.", "original": "Shopper Rose Robinson complained to Sainsbury\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is calling on the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she feels is a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked and just a bit disappointed that in this day and age, it was possible for it to make it through whatever channel it had to have made it through to get onto the shelves,\u201d she added. Sainsbury\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive to be a truly inclusive retailer.", "recovered": "Sephrpo Rsoe Rosoninb copnidleam to Syanirsub\u2019s fro giigvn ist ptcrodu a \u201cssiext\u201d nmea, aircdcogn to teh Dlyia Satr. Rnoisnbo is cilngla on teh smarpueekrt cihna to reeanm ist \u201cBgi Dadyd\u201d rpum stkae, wihhc seh fseel is a \u201cmsiitsocigny\u201d lbela. \u201cI wsa shcdeok adn juts a bti dnpdtioipesa thta in tish dya adn aeg, it wsa plioessb fro it to meak it tuohrhg wehverta canhnel it hda to hvea"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Siestlkt\u2019 nsewte farlvo desno\u2019t tsate lkei teh rnabwoi \u2014 it tsstae leik mrdstau.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Siestlkt\u2019 nsewte farlvo desno\u2019t tsate lkei teh rnabwoi \u2014 it tsstae leik mrdstau.", "scrambled": "Siestlkt\u2019 nsewte farlvo desno\u2019t tsate lkei teh rnabwoi \u2014 it tsstae leik mrdstau.", "original": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mustard.", "recovered": "Siestlkt\u2019 nsewte farlvo desno\u2019t tsate lkei teh rnabwoi \u2014 it tsstae leik mrdstau."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Svlyaer rneadmei tcihlyenlca laleg in Uinon ssetta uilnt 1865, adn semo aaser of Daawrele adn Ktcnykue cneouidtn teh prcectai uilnt tath tmei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Svlyaer rneadmei tcihlyenlca laleg in Uinon ssetta uilnt 1865, adn semo aaser of Daawrele adn Ktcnykue cneouidtn teh prcectai uilnt tath tmei.", "scrambled": "Svlyaer rneadmei tcihlyenlca laleg in Uinon ssetta uilnt 1865, adn semo aaser of Daawrele adn Ktcnykue cneouidtn teh prcectai uilnt tath tmei.", "original": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky continued the practice until that time.", "recovered": "Svlyaer rneadmei tcihlyenlca laleg in Uinon ssetta uilnt 1865, adn semo aaser of Daawrele adn Ktcnykue cneouidtn teh prcectai uilnt tath tmei."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Semo Dcorteasm heav caelld fro teh imcemtehapn of Semuerp Ctuor Jciseut Ccnerlea Tmohas foligwonl a behbllosm rtoepr ttah ddeatiel lhaivs tispr pdai fro by a biilaelrino rlea eaestt magtean, whhci icuddlen tnrliaveg on hsi ytach adn pivaetr jte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Semo Dcorteasm heav caelld fro teh imcemtehapn of Semuerp Ctuor Jciseut Ccnerlea Tmohas foligwonl a behbllosm rtoepr ttah ddeatiel lhaivs tispr pdai fro by a biilaelrino rlea eaestt magtean, whhci icuddlen tnrliaveg on hsi ytach adn pivaetr jte.", "scrambled": "Semo Dcorteasm heav caelld fro teh imcemtehapn of Semuerp Ctuor Jciseut Ccnerlea Tmohas foligwonl a behbllosm rtoepr ttah ddeatiel lhaivs tispr pdai fro by a biilaelrino rlea eaestt magtean, whhci icuddlen tnrliaveg on hsi ytach adn pivaetr jte.", "original": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas following a bombshell report that detailed lavish trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, which included traveling on his yacht and private jet.", "recovered": "Semo Dcorteasm heav caelld fro teh imcemtehapn of Semuerp Ctuor Jciseut Ccnerlea Tmohas foligwonl a behbllosm rtoepr ttah ddeatiel lhaivs tispr pdai fro by a biilaelrino rlea eaestt magtean, whhci icuddlen tnrliaveg on hsi ytach adn pivaetr jte."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe innniatlreato tvrrsaeel lnegaiv Acalkdun Iniratanetlon Arprtoi will sono be aedsk to sept on teh salec to hlpe gahret daat on teh wtehgi lado adn dsiirbouittn fro Ari Nwe Znadlae panlse, teh aineirl sida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Smoe innniatlreato tvrrsaeel lnegaiv Acalkdun Iniratanetlon Arprtoi will sono be aedsk to sept on teh salec to hlpe gahret daat on teh wtehgi lado adn dsiirbouittn fro Ari Nwe Znadlae panlse, teh aineirl sida.", "scrambled": "Smoe innniatlreato tvrrsaeel lnegaiv Acalkdun Iniratanetlon Arprtoi will sono be aedsk to sept on teh salec to hlpe gahret daat on teh wtehgi lado adn dsiirbouittn fro Ari Nwe Znadlae panlse, teh aineirl sida.", "original": "Some international travelers leaving Auckland International Airport will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribution for Air New Zealand planes, the airline said.", "recovered": "Smoe innniatlreato tvrrsaeel lnegaiv Acalkdun Iniratanetlon Arprtoi will sono be aedsk to sept on teh salec to hlpe gahret daat on teh wtehgi lado adn dsiirbouittn fro Ari Nwe Znadlae panlse, teh aineirl sida."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Seom nogioohdesbhr in Bordwar Coynut aer uendr qaeinruatn atfer snshitgig of ievnasvi gatin Acrnafi lnda sslnai, whhci eta at lsate 500 deetfrnfi tysep of ptslna adn cna aslo chmpo thurhog socutc, pcliats rylnigecc bnis adn enve snisg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Seom nogioohdesbhr in Bordwar Coynut aer uendr qaeinruatn atfer snshitgig of ievnasvi gatin Acrnafi lnda sslnai, whhci eta at lsate 500 deetfrnfi tysep of ptslna adn cna aslo chmpo thurhog socutc, pcliats rylnigecc bnis adn enve snisg.", "scrambled": "Seom nogioohdesbhr in Bordwar Coynut aer uendr qaeinruatn atfer snshitgig of ievnasvi gatin Acrnafi lnda sslnai, whhci eta at lsate 500 deetfrnfi tysep of ptslna adn cna aslo chmpo thurhog socutc, pcliats rylnigecc bnis adn enve snisg.", "original": "Some neighborhoods in Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also chomp through stucco, plastic recycling bins and even signs.", "recovered": "Seom nogioohdesbhr in Bordwar Coynut aer uendr qaeinruatn atfer snshitgig of ievnasvi gatin Acrnafi lnda sslnai, whhci eta at lsate 500 deetfrnfi tysep of ptslna adn cna aslo chmpo thurhog socutc, pcliats rylnigecc bnis adn enve snisg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sundos schu as cnhewig, sfngnfii adn ldou bhrtgenai aer irabnlotele fro oen in fvei Btsir, teh sydtu fdoun. Racesheserr fomr Kgin\u2019s Ceoellg Ldonon adn Orxdof Uivtyrisen qizudze mreo thna 770 pepelo to dtneireme hwo mnya hda a fghit-or-figthl reenpsos to scuh eyedayvr noessi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sundos schu as cnhewig, sfngnfii adn ldou bhrtgenai aer irabnlotele fro oen in fvei Btsir, teh sydtu fdoun. Racesheserr fomr Kgin\u2019s Ceoellg Ldonon adn Orxdof Uivtyrisen qizudze mreo thna 770 pepelo to dtneireme hwo mnya hda a fghit-or-figthl reenpsos to scuh eyedayvr noessi.", "scrambled": "Sundos schu as cnhewig, sfngnfii adn ldou bhrtgenai aer irabnlotele fro oen in fvei Btsir, teh sydtu fdoun. Racesheserr fomr Kgin\u2019s Ceoellg Ldonon adn Orxdof Uivtyrisen qizudze mreo thna 770 pepelo to dtneireme hwo mnya hda a fghit-or-figthl reenpsos to scuh eyedayvr noessi.", "original": "Sounds such as chewing, sniffing and loud breathing are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such everyday noises.", "recovered": "Sundos schu as cnhewig, sfngnfii adn ldou bhrtgenai aer irabnlotele fro oen in fvei Btsir, teh sydtu fdoun. Racesheserr fomr Kgin\u2019s Ceoellg Ldonon adn Orxdof Uivtyrisen qizudze mreo thna 770 pepelo to dtneireme hwo mnya hda a fghit-or-figthl reenpsos to scuh eyedayvr noessi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ScpXae\u2019s Srtaihsp, teh mtos pulfoewr rtkeoc eerv bluti, tkoo off fmro a lancuh pda in Suhot Teaxs on Tudayshr mnoirng. Hwvoere, teh rektco edodlpex lsse tnha trhee misnteu iton ist frits tste flhigt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "ScpXae\u2019s Srtaihsp, teh mtos pulfoewr rtkeoc eerv bluti, tkoo off fmro a lancuh pda in Suhot Teaxs on Tudayshr mnoirng. Hwvoere, teh rektco edodlpex lsse tnha trhee misnteu iton ist frits tste flhigt.", "scrambled": "ScpXae\u2019s Srtaihsp, teh mtos pulfoewr rtkeoc eerv bluti, tkoo off fmro a lancuh pda in Suhot Teaxs on Tudayshr mnoirng. Hwvoere, teh rektco edodlpex lsse tnha trhee misnteu iton ist frits tste flhigt.", "original": "SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the rocket exploded less than three minutes into its first test flight.", "recovered": "ScpXae\u2019s Srtaihsp, teh mtos pulfoewr rtkeoc eerv bluti, tkoo off fmro a lancuh pda in Suhot Teaxs on Tudayshr mnoirng. Hwvoere, teh rektco edodlpex lsse tnha trhee misnteu iton ist frits tste flhigt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sgaikenp to Teh Sndyau Temsi, teh Pincer of Wsela pgdldee to ues teh Rlyoa Fndaounoit to \u201cedn hssmeeslonse\u201d in teh UK, agdnid: \u201cI\u2019ve bnee wnaitig fro teh rihgt tmei to do tish.\u201d Pcnier Wlialim wsa 11 wehn hsi mtohre took hmi to a hoesesml slhrtee in Lodonn \u2013 \u201ca fvmiaoetr mnmteo\u201d fro teh ygoun ralyo, sida teh prpae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sgaikenp to Teh Sndyau Temsi, teh Pincer of Wsela pgdldee to ues teh Rlyoa Fndaounoit to \u201cedn hssmeeslonse\u201d in teh UK, agdnid: \u201cI\u2019ve bnee wnaitig fro teh rihgt tmei to do tish.\u201d Pcnier Wlialim wsa 11 wehn hsi mtohre took hmi to a hoesesml slhrtee in Lodonn \u2013 \u201ca fvmiaoetr mnmteo\u201d fro teh ygoun ralyo, sida teh prpae.", "scrambled": "Sgaikenp to Teh Sndyau Temsi, teh Pincer of Wsela pgdldee to ues teh Rlyoa Fndaounoit to \u201cedn hssmeeslonse\u201d in teh UK, agdnid: \u201cI\u2019ve bnee wnaitig fro teh rihgt tmei to do tish.\u201d Pcnier Wlialim wsa 11 wehn hsi mtohre took hmi to a hoesesml slhrtee in Lodonn \u2013 \u201ca fvmiaoetr mnmteo\u201d fro teh ygoun ralyo, sida teh prpae.", "original": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "recovered": "Sgaikenp to Teh Sndyau Temsi, teh Pincer of Wsela pgdldee to ues teh Rlyoa Fndaounoit to \u201cedn hssmeeslonse\u201d in teh UK, agdnid: \u201cI\u2019ve bnee wnaitig fro teh rihgt tmei to do tish.\u201d Pcnier Wlialim wsa 11 wehn hsi mtohre took hmi to a hoesesml slhrtee in Lodonn \u2013 \u201ca fvmiaoetr mnmteo\u201d fro teh ygoun ralyo, sida teh prpae."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sapulctineo hsa bene slwiingr fro ysrea auotb a plotnatei sqeleu to teh 1988 flmi \u201cBtiecljeuee.\u201d Nwo, it\u2019s oiilfcfa: Teh \u201cgsoth wthi teh mtos\u201d wlil meak a rrneut.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sapulctineo hsa bene slwiingr fro ysrea auotb a plotnatei sqeleu to teh 1988 flmi \u201cBtiecljeuee.\u201d Nwo, it\u2019s oiilfcfa: Teh \u201cgsoth wthi teh mtos\u201d wlil meak a rrneut.", "scrambled": "Sapulctineo hsa bene slwiingr fro ysrea auotb a plotnatei sqeleu to teh 1988 flmi \u201cBtiecljeuee.\u201d Nwo, it\u2019s oiilfcfa: Teh \u201cgsoth wthi teh mtos\u201d wlil meak a rrneut.", "original": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will make a return.", "recovered": "Sapulctineo hsa bene slwiingr fro ysrea auotb a plotnatei sqeleu to teh 1988 flmi \u201cBtiecljeuee.\u201d Nwo, it\u2019s oiilfcfa: Teh \u201cgsoth wthi teh mtos\u201d wlil meak a rrneut."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sedenw\u2019s Lnoree wno teh Enruiosvoi Sngo Ctonets fro teh socden tmei. Teh snegri, woh wno teh cptooeinmit in 2012, thpurmide in Loorelivp whit ppo-athmen \u201cTaotto\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sedenw\u2019s Lnoree wno teh Enruiosvoi Sngo Ctonets fro teh socden tmei. Teh snegri, woh wno teh cptooeinmit in 2012, thpurmide in Loorelivp whit ppo-athmen \u201cTaotto\u201d.", "scrambled": "Sedenw\u2019s Lnoree wno teh Enruiosvoi Sngo Ctonets fro teh socden tmei. Teh snegri, woh wno teh cptooeinmit in 2012, thpurmide in Loorelivp whit ppo-athmen \u201cTaotto\u201d.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in Liverpool with pop-anthem \u201cTattoo\u201d.", "recovered": "Sedenw\u2019s Lnoree wno teh Enruiosvoi Sngo Ctonets fro teh socden tmei. Teh snegri, woh wno teh cptooeinmit in 2012, thpurmide in Loorelivp whit ppo-athmen \u201cTaotto\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sednwe\u2019s Lrneoe wno teh crwod-paglnsei shwo hdel in Lepiolvor, Udtnie Kdnimgo, on balhfe of Ukanrei. Seh becmae jsut teh secdno pfeermorr to wni teh cotiitnempo meor tahn onec.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Sednwe\u2019s Lrneoe wno teh crwod-paglnsei shwo hdel in Lepiolvor, Udtnie Kdnimgo, on balhfe of Ukanrei. Seh becmae jsut teh secdno pfeermorr to wni teh cotiitnempo meor tahn onec.", "scrambled": "Sednwe\u2019s Lrneoe wno teh crwod-paglnsei shwo hdel in Lepiolvor, Udtnie Kdnimgo, on balhfe of Ukanrei. Seh becmae jsut teh secdno pfeermorr to wni teh cotiitnempo meor tahn onec.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the crowd-pleasing show held in Liverpool, United Kingdom, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once.", "recovered": "Sednwe\u2019s Lrneoe wno teh crwod-paglnsei shwo hdel in Lepiolvor, Udtnie Kdnimgo, on balhfe of Ukanrei. Seh becmae jsut teh secdno pfeermorr to wni teh cotiitnempo meor tahn onec."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tlyrao Siwtf sutnedn hre cecntro truo\u2019s trgcknui satff by ginvgi eahc tekrucr a ckhec in teh aomtun of $100,000. \u201cTeh tcayilp anoutm is $5,000 to $10,000 ehac. So tshi lrgea aumont is ubelanliebve,\u201d sdai Mchleai Scbrnkeehcah, feuodnr adn COE of Snohoimto tkrgcniu cpmynao, wichh hdasenl tnottorrinapas of teh sgeat adn strrceutu fro Sfwti\u2019s Esar Truo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tlyrao Siwtf sutnedn hre cecntro truo\u2019s trgcknui satff by ginvgi eahc tekrucr a ckhec in teh aomtun of $100,000. \u201cTeh tcayilp anoutm is $5,000 to $10,000 ehac. So tshi lrgea aumont is ubelanliebve,\u201d sdai Mchleai Scbrnkeehcah, feuodnr adn COE of Snohoimto tkrgcniu cpmynao, wichh hdasenl tnottorrinapas of teh sgeat adn strrceutu fro Sfwti\u2019s Esar Truo.", "scrambled": "Tlyrao Siwtf sutnedn hre cecntro truo\u2019s trgcknui satff by ginvgi eahc tekrucr a ckhec in teh aomtun of $100,000. \u201cTeh tcayilp anoutm is $5,000 to $10,000 ehac. So tshi lrgea aumont is ubelanliebve,\u201d sdai Mchleai Scbrnkeehcah, feuodnr adn COE of Snohoimto tkrgcniu cpmynao, wichh hdasenl tnottorrinapas of teh sgeat adn strrceutu fro Sfwti\u2019s Esar Truo.", "original": "Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff by giving each trucker a check in the amount of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, founder and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles transportation of the stage and structure for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.", "recovered": "Tlyrao Siwtf sutnedn hre cecntro truo\u2019s trgcknui satff by ginvgi eahc tekrucr a ckhec in teh aomtun of $100,000. \u201cTeh tcayilp anoutm is $5,000 to $10,000 ehac. So tshi lrgea aumont is ubelanliebve,\u201d sdai Mchleai Scbrnkeehcah, feuodnr adn COE of Snohoimto tkrgcniu cpmynao, wichh hdasenl tnottorrinapas of teh sgeat adn strrceutu fro Sfwti\u2019s Esar Truo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsael tooycn Msku adn Aeplp co-freound Sveet Wanzkio aer agnmo mroe tnha 1,000 setiinaogsr of an oepn lteert arugngi taht wkor on \u201cganti AI eerpetnmxis\u201d slohud be pdesau ultni \u201cwe aer ctninfode tath tierh efsceft wlli be pviieost adn trihe rikss wlli be mabeegnaal\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tsael tooycn Msku adn Aeplp co-freound Sveet Wanzkio aer agnmo mroe tnha 1,000 setiinaogsr of an oepn lteert arugngi taht wkor on \u201cganti AI eerpetnmxis\u201d slohud be pdesau ultni \u201cwe aer ctninfode tath tierh efsceft wlli be pviieost adn trihe rikss wlli be mabeegnaal\u201d.", "scrambled": "Tsael tooycn Msku adn Aeplp co-freound Sveet Wanzkio aer agnmo mroe tnha 1,000 setiinaogsr of an oepn lteert arugngi taht wkor on \u201cganti AI eerpetnmxis\u201d slohud be pdesau ultni \u201cwe aer ctninfode tath tierh efsceft wlli be pviieost adn trihe rikss wlli be mabeegnaal\u201d.", "original": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are among more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing that work on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "recovered": "Tsael tooycn Msku adn Aeplp co-freound Sveet Wanzkio aer agnmo mroe tnha 1,000 setiinaogsr of an oepn lteert arugngi taht wkor on \u201cganti AI eerpetnmxis\u201d slohud be pdesau ultni \u201cwe aer ctninfode tath tierh efsceft wlli be pviieost adn trihe rikss wlli be mabeegnaal\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tasex wsa teh fstri sttae to rgneozeic Jnhuteenet as a satte hdayloi on Jruynaa 1, 1980.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tasex wsa teh fstri sttae to rgneozeic Jnhuteenet as a satte hdayloi on Jruynaa 1, 1980.", "scrambled": "Tasex wsa teh fstri sttae to rgneozeic Jnhuteenet as a satte hdayloi on Jruynaa 1, 1980.", "original": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on January 1, 1980.", "recovered": "Tasex wsa teh fstri sttae to rgneozeic Jnhuteenet as a satte hdayloi on Jruynaa 1, 1980."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ttah\u2019s up fomr 49% ltas mthno acorcindg to plonigl by Ispso fro Teh Tgeeharpl. In teh seam pigolln, it wsa fdnou ttha 50% beiveel ttha too mhuc moeyn wsa stpen on teh conrnoaiot. In Apilr, 33% ojctbede to teh cots. Amstlo tow-tihdrs wree arwea of teh asretsr of aint-maynchro prsteoerts at teh cniooranto, adn of tshoe, olyn tow in fvei thoghtu teh piloec hda aetdc ayptirrapepol.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ttah\u2019s up fomr 49% ltas mthno acorcindg to plonigl by Ispso fro Teh Tgeeharpl. In teh seam pigolln, it wsa fdnou ttha 50% beiveel ttha too mhuc moeyn wsa stpen on teh conrnoaiot. In Apilr, 33% ojctbede to teh cots. Amstlo tow-tihdrs wree arwea of teh asretsr of aint-maynchro prsteoerts at teh cniooranto, adn of tshoe, olyn tow in fvei thoghtu teh piloec hda aetdc ayptirrapepol.", "scrambled": "Ttah\u2019s up fomr 49% ltas mthno acorcindg to plonigl by Ispso fro Teh Tgeeharpl. In teh seam pigolln, it wsa fdnou ttha 50% beiveel ttha too mhuc moeyn wsa stpen on teh conrnoaiot. In Apilr, 33% ojctbede to teh cots. Amstlo tow-tihdrs wree arwea of teh asretsr of aint-maynchro prsteoerts at teh cniooranto, adn of tshoe, olyn tow in fvei thoghtu teh piloec hda aetdc ayptirrapepol.", "original": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ipsos for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and of those, only two in five thought the police had acted appropriately.", "recovered": "Ttah\u2019s up fomr 49% ltas mthno acorcindg to plonigl by Ispso fro Teh Tgeeharpl. In teh seam pigolln, it wsa fdnou ttha 50% beiveel ttha too mhuc moeyn wsa stpen on teh conrnoaiot. In Apilr, 33% ojctbede to teh cots. Amstlo tow-tihdrs wree arwea of teh asretsr of aint-maynchro prsteoerts at teh cniooranto, adn of tshoe, olyn tow in fvei thoghtu teh piloec hda aetdc ayptirrapepol."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 13th Amntenedm, riaedfit on Dreecbem 6, 1865, oiflyiaclf aibodlshe caetlth savyerl in teh Uteidn Stetas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh 13th Amntenedm, riaedfit on Dreecbem 6, 1865, oiflyiaclf aibodlshe caetlth savyerl in teh Uteidn Stetas.", "scrambled": "Teh 13th Amntenedm, riaedfit on Dreecbem 6, 1865, oiflyiaclf aibodlshe caetlth savyerl in teh Uteidn Stetas.", "original": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished chattel slavery in the United States.", "recovered": "Teh 13th Amntenedm, riaedfit on Dreecbem 6, 1865, oiflyiaclf aibodlshe caetlth savyerl in teh Uteidn Stetas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 2024 Dcctrmoiea Nnoliaat Cntnvionoe wlli be hlde in Chcgioa, weerh teh ptayr wlil ollyficifa niemaont csidnadtae fro penidrets adn vcei perntdsei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh 2024 Dcctrmoiea Nnoliaat Cntnvionoe wlli be hlde in Chcgioa, weerh teh ptayr wlil ollyficifa niemaont csidnadtae fro penidrets adn vcei perntdsei.", "scrambled": "Teh 2024 Dcctrmoiea Nnoliaat Cntnvionoe wlli be hlde in Chcgioa, weerh teh ptayr wlil ollyficifa niemaont csidnadtae fro penidrets adn vcei perntdsei.", "original": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "recovered": "Teh 2024 Dcctrmoiea Nnoliaat Cntnvionoe wlli be hlde in Chcgioa, weerh teh ptayr wlil ollyficifa niemaont csidnadtae fro penidrets adn vcei perntdsei."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 22-mnhot-odl Grnaem Shhprede is rgieevcin nwe taiinnrg aerft Wihet Husoe pesoernln ridase croncnes aoutb sfatey on teh pmsseire.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh 22-mnhot-odl Grnaem Shhprede is rgieevcin nwe taiinnrg aerft Wihet Husoe pesoernln ridase croncnes aoutb sfatey on teh pmsseire.", "scrambled": "Teh 22-mnhot-odl Grnaem Shhprede is rgieevcin nwe taiinnrg aerft Wihet Husoe pesoernln ridase croncnes aoutb sfatey on teh pmsseire.", "original": "The 22-month-old German Shepherd is receiving new training after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on the premises.", "recovered": "Teh 22-mnhot-odl Grnaem Shhprede is rgieevcin nwe taiinnrg aerft Wihet Husoe pesoernln ridase croncnes aoutb sfatey on teh pmsseire."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 24-yare-odl setkrri\u2019s cubl Paisr Stnia-Geirnma rletrpedyo gvea teh Sudai Por Lgeuae sedi poriimesns to spake to hmi artef rcegeinvi teh ofref, btu Fecnrh mdaei caldime Mpb\u00e9ap hda rufeesd to etnre nneaotgtiois. Hsi cntatrco wiht teh Frcehn sdei is deu to erxpie nxte Juen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh 24-yare-odl setkrri\u2019s cubl Paisr Stnia-Geirnma rletrpedyo gvea teh Sudai Por Lgeuae sedi poriimesns to spake to hmi artef rcegeinvi teh ofref, btu Fecnrh mdaei caldime Mpb\u00e9ap hda rufeesd to etnre nneaotgtiois. Hsi cntatrco wiht teh Frcehn sdei is deu to erxpie nxte Juen.", "scrambled": "Teh 24-yare-odl setkrri\u2019s cubl Paisr Stnia-Geirnma rletrpedyo gvea teh Sudai Por Lgeuae sedi poriimesns to spake to hmi artef rcegeinvi teh ofref, btu Fecnrh mdaei caldime Mpb\u00e9ap hda rufeesd to etnre nneaotgtiois. Hsi cntatrco wiht teh Frcehn sdei is deu to erxpie nxte Juen.", "original": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Pro League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire next June.", "recovered": "Teh 24-yare-odl setkrri\u2019s cubl Paisr Stnia-Geirnma rletrpedyo gvea teh Sudai Por Lgeuae sedi poriimesns to spake to hmi artef rcegeinvi teh ofref, btu Fecnrh mdaei caldime Mpb\u00e9ap hda rufeesd to etnre nneaotgtiois. Hsi cntatrco wiht teh Frcehn sdei is deu to erxpie nxte Juen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 36-yare-odl Jmnaicaa sirtrpne bate a fldei ttha iudlcend swmermi Kieta Lyecedk, tsinne srat Iag \u015aeiwtk\u0105 adn 400m hsruedl rodecr-hdoelr Seydny McnLlhugia-Lveoner. Lelnoi Mesis wsa ndmea ssoatrpnm of teh yaer at teh adwars in Prisa on Mdoyna.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh 36-yare-odl Jmnaicaa sirtrpne bate a fldei ttha iudlcend swmermi Kieta Lyecedk, tsinne srat Iag eiwtk adn 400m hsruedl rodecr-hdoelr Seydny McnLlhugia-Lveoner. Lelnoi Mesis wsa ndmea ssoatrpnm of teh yaer at teh adwars in Prisa on Mdoyna.", "scrambled": "Teh 36-yare-odl Jmnaicaa sirtrpne bate a fldei ttha iudlcend swmermi Kieta Lyecedk, tsinne srat Iag \u015aeiwtk\u0105 adn 400m hsruedl rodecr-hdoelr Seydny McnLlhugia-Lveoner. Lelnoi Mesis wsa ndmea ssoatrpnm of teh yaer at teh adwars in Prisa on Mdoyna.", "original": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included swimmer Katie Ledecky, tennis star Iga \u015awi\u0105tek and 400m hurdles record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levrone. Lionel Messi was named sportsman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday.", "recovered": "Teh 36-yare-odl Jmnaicaa sirtrpne bate a fldei ttha iudlcend swmermi Kieta Lyecedk, tsinne srat Iag eiwtk adn 400m hsruedl rodecr-hdoelr Seydny McnLlhugia-Lveoner. Lelnoi Mesis wsa ndmea ssoatrpnm of teh yaer at teh adwars in Prisa on Mdoyna."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 92-yera-odl biorliianle mte Shitm, 66, at hsi at hsi Ble Ari vrydenia lsat Smpeeretb, lses thna a yaer aertf hsi dicorev fomr fhutro weif Jeryr Hlal wsa flaideisn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh 92-yera-odl biorliianle mte Shitm, 66, at hsi at hsi Ble Ari vrydenia lsat Smpeeretb, lses thna a yaer aertf hsi dicorev fomr fhutro weif Jeryr Hlal wsa flaideisn.", "scrambled": "Teh 92-yera-odl biorliianle mte Shitm, 66, at hsi at hsi Ble Ari vrydenia lsat Smpeeretb, lses thna a yaer aertf hsi dicorev fomr fhutro weif Jeryr Hlal wsa flaideisn.", "original": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was finalised.", "recovered": "Teh 92-yera-odl biorliianle mte Shitm, 66, at hsi at hsi Ble Ari vrydenia lsat Smpeeretb, lses thna a yaer aertf hsi dicorev fomr fhutro weif Jeryr Hlal wsa flaideisn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Bnka of Enlngad\u2019s ciefh enmiotcso fedca a ficere bklacsha areft tgelinl a ptcaosd ttha UK hsoeuhldos adn ceomsinpa ndee to \u201cspto tirgyn to mntnaaii thire rlae sgnipden proew by bdnidig up pcersi wrtheeh tuhghro hgeihr wsega or psgisna eyngre ctoss on to cmsserotu\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Bnka of Enlngad\u2019s ciefh enmiotcso fedca a ficere bklacsha areft tgelinl a ptcaosd ttha UK hsoeuhldos adn ceomsinpa ndee to \u201cspto tirgyn to mntnaaii thire rlae sgnipden proew by bdnidig up pcersi wrtheeh tuhghro hgeihr wsega or psgisna eyngre ctoss on to cmsserotu\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh Bnka of Enlngad\u2019s ciefh enmiotcso fedca a ficere bklacsha areft tgelinl a ptcaosd ttha UK hsoeuhldos adn ceomsinpa ndee to \u201cspto tirgyn to mntnaaii thire rlae sgnipden proew by bdnidig up pcersi wrtheeh tuhghro hgeihr wsega or psgisna eyngre ctoss on to cmsserotu\u201d.", "original": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a fierce backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to customers\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh Bnka of Enlngad\u2019s ciefh enmiotcso fedca a ficere bklacsha areft tgelinl a ptcaosd ttha UK hsoeuhldos adn ceomsinpa ndee to \u201cspto tirgyn to mntnaaii thire rlae sgnipden proew by bdnidig up pcersi wrtheeh tuhghro hgeihr wsega or psgisna eyngre ctoss on to cmsserotu\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Bdein aatrsnimidonit aorpvdep teh crisotrolenav Wliwol Ptcerjo in Aksaal. It is a msivsea adn ddsceea-logn oli dlirlgin vtrneeu on Asalak\u2019s Nhotr Sloep in teh Noantila Pmeeltour Rseveer, whchi is ondwe by teh felaedr gretnovnem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Bdein aatrsnimidonit aorpvdep teh crisotrolenav Wliwol Ptcerjo in Aksaal. It is a msivsea adn ddsceea-logn oli dlirlgin vtrneeu on Asalak\u2019s Nhotr Sloep in teh Noantila Pmeeltour Rseveer, whchi is ondwe by teh felaedr gretnovnem.", "scrambled": "Teh Bdein aatrsnimidonit aorpvdep teh crisotrolenav Wliwol Ptcerjo in Aksaal. It is a msivsea adn ddsceea-logn oli dlirlgin vtrneeu on Asalak\u2019s Nhotr Sloep in teh Noantila Pmeeltour Rseveer, whchi is ondwe by teh felaedr gretnovnem.", "original": "The Biden administration approved the controversial Willow Project in Alaska. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserve, which is owned by the federal government.", "recovered": "Teh Bdein aatrsnimidonit aorpvdep teh crisotrolenav Wliwol Ptcerjo in Aksaal. It is a msivsea adn ddsceea-logn oli dlirlgin vtrneeu on Asalak\u2019s Nhotr Sloep in teh Noantila Pmeeltour Rseveer, whchi is ondwe by teh felaedr gretnovnem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Bithisr brkaye canhi is ste fro a cmrooorut sdwonwoh wthi Wtntisersme Cnoclui aertf bgnei dnedei pnioemirss to slle hto fdoo at ist fhplgais Loonnd oteutl areft 11pm. Teh aptanpcioli wsa rdeteejc ltas yrae aefrt picelo wanerd taht silnleg leat-nhtig seasaug rosll rdeiks fuilelgn \u201ccreim adn dreidsor\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Bithisr brkaye canhi is ste fro a cmrooorut sdwonwoh wthi Wtntisersme Cnoclui aertf bgnei dnedei pnioemirss to slle hto fdoo at ist fhplgais Loonnd oteutl areft 11pm. Teh aptanpcioli wsa rdeteejc ltas yrae aefrt picelo wanerd taht silnleg leat-nhtig seasaug rosll rdeiks fuilelgn \u201ccreim adn dreidsor\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh Bithisr brkaye canhi is ste fro a cmrooorut sdwonwoh wthi Wtntisersme Cnoclui aertf bgnei dnedei pnioemirss to slle hto fdoo at ist fhplgais Loonnd oteutl areft 11pm. Teh aptanpcioli wsa rdeteejc ltas yrae aefrt picelo wanerd taht silnleg leat-nhtig seasaug rosll rdeiks fuilelgn \u201ccreim adn dreidsor\u201d.", "original": "The British bakery chain is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied permission to sell hot food at its flagship London outlet after 11pm. The application was rejected last year after police warned that selling late-night sausage rolls risked fuelling \u201ccrime and disorder\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh Bithisr brkaye canhi is ste fro a cmrooorut sdwonwoh wthi Wtntisersme Cnoclui aertf bgnei dnedei pnioemirss to slle hto fdoo at ist fhplgais Loonnd oteutl areft 11pm. Teh aptanpcioli wsa rdeteejc ltas yrae aefrt picelo wanerd taht silnleg leat-nhtig seasaug rosll rdeiks fuilelgn \u201ccreim adn dreidsor\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Crfioialan-bdesa ralyo atndeetd hiegsrna in a ltuswai tath he adn oerht hhig-pflioer ferugsi \u2013 icgnduinl Enolt Jhno, Lzi Hyurle adn Saied Ftsro \u2013 heva btogurh asganit Atscsoedai Naweppress Letmdii fro aegeldl pcayvri bcheasre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Crfioialan-bdesa ralyo atndeetd hiegsrna in a ltuswai tath he adn oerht hhig-pflioer ferugsi \u2013 icgnduinl Enolt Jhno, Lzi Hyurle adn Saied Ftsro \u2013 heva btogurh asganit Atscsoedai Naweppress Letmdii fro aegeldl pcayvri bcheasre.", "scrambled": "Teh Crfioialan-bdesa ralyo atndeetd hiegsrna in a ltuswai tath he adn oerht hhig-pflioer ferugsi \u2013 icgnduinl Enolt Jhno, Lzi Hyurle adn Saied Ftsro \u2013 heva btogurh asganit Atscsoedai Naweppress Letmdii fro aegeldl pcayvri bcheasre.", "original": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including Elton John, Liz Hurley and Sadie Frost \u2013 have brought against Associated Newspapers Limited for alleged privacy breaches.", "recovered": "Teh Crfioialan-bdesa ralyo atndeetd hiegsrna in a ltuswai tath he adn oerht hhig-pflioer ferugsi \u2013 icgnduinl Enolt Jhno, Lzi Hyurle adn Saied Ftsro \u2013 heva btogurh asganit Atscsoedai Naweppress Letmdii fro aegeldl pcayvri bcheasre."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Canmde Dvier-In in Cndame, Nwe Jesyer opdeen in Jeun of 1933. Teh preci of adinimoss wsa 25 ctnes fro teh cra adn 25 ctnse pre pnsreo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Canmde Dvier-In in Cndame, Nwe Jesyer opdeen in Jeun of 1933. Teh preci of adinimoss wsa 25 ctnes fro teh cra adn 25 ctnse pre pnsreo.", "scrambled": "Teh Canmde Dvier-In in Cndame, Nwe Jesyer opdeen in Jeun of 1933. Teh preci of adinimoss wsa 25 ctnes fro teh cra adn 25 ctnse pre pnsreo.", "original": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person.", "recovered": "Teh Canmde Dvier-In in Cndame, Nwe Jesyer opdeen in Jeun of 1933. Teh preci of adinimoss wsa 25 ctnes fro teh cra adn 25 ctnse pre pnsreo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Crchhu of Enlnadg is sienlgl ist iesntmevtns in BP, Slhel adn ohetr oli adn gsa gsitan becasue teyh do nto \u201cpctoret Gdo\u2019s coaientr\u201d. Ashbirhcpo of Cetuarbryn Jinuts Wlybe, a frorme oli itsrndyu weorkr, sdai teh ctilame cssiri \u201cteaesrthn teh pletna we leiv on\u201d. Fro 10 tsnigh yuo ndee to kwon ehac dya, sing up to teh Dliya Bgnfirei nestlwteer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Crchhu of Enlnadg is sienlgl ist iesntmevtns in BP, Slhel adn ohetr oli adn gsa gsitan becasue teyh do nto \u201cpctoret Gdo\u2019s coaientr\u201d. Ashbirhcpo of Cetuarbryn Jinuts Wlybe, a frorme oli itsrndyu weorkr, sdai teh ctilame cssiri \u201cteaesrthn teh pletna we leiv on\u201d. Fro 10 tsnigh yuo ndee to kwon ehac dya, sing up to teh Dliya Bgnfirei nestlwteer.", "scrambled": "Teh Crchhu of Enlnadg is sienlgl ist iesntmevtns in BP, Slhel adn ohetr oli adn gsa gsitan becasue teyh do nto \u201cpctoret Gdo\u2019s coaientr\u201d. Ashbirhcpo of Cetuarbryn Jinuts Wlybe, a frorme oli itsrndyu weorkr, sdai teh ctilame cssiri \u201cteaesrthn teh pletna we leiv on\u201d. Fro 10 tsnigh yuo ndee to kwon ehac dya, sing up to teh Dliya Bgnfirei nestlwteer.", "original": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter.", "recovered": "Teh Crchhu of Enlnadg is sienlgl ist iesntmevtns in BP, Slhel adn ohetr oli adn gsa gsitan becasue teyh do nto \u201cpctoret Gdo\u2019s coaientr\u201d. Ashbirhcpo of Cetuarbryn Jinuts Wlybe, a frorme oli itsrndyu weorkr, sdai teh ctilame cssiri \u201cteaesrthn teh pletna we leiv on\u201d. Fro 10 tsnigh yuo ndee to kwon ehac dya, sing up to teh Dliya Bgnfirei nestlwteer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Cainoenttln Cessognr apteddo teh Dtnliecoaar of Iennepeddcen wlhie mitenge in Paiihlehlpda at teh Pnlsnnyaivea Sttea Hsoeu \u2013 nwo Ieneeedpnndc Hall.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Cainoenttln Cessognr apteddo teh Dtnliecoaar of Iennepeddcen wlhie mitenge in Paiihlehlpda at teh Pnlsnnyaivea Sttea Hsoeu \u2013 nwo Ieneeedpnndc Hall.", "scrambled": "Teh Cainoenttln Cessognr apteddo teh Dtnliecoaar of Iennepeddcen wlhie mitenge in Paiihlehlpda at teh Pnlsnnyaivea Sttea Hsoeu \u2013 nwo Ieneeedpnndc Hall.", "original": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall.", "recovered": "Teh Cainoenttln Cessognr apteddo teh Dtnliecoaar of Iennepeddcen wlhie mitenge in Paiihlehlpda at teh Pnlsnnyaivea Sttea Hsoeu \u2013 nwo Ieneeedpnndc Hall."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Deuk adn Dhucess of Seussx heav sida ttha teyh wree iolevnvd in a \u201cnrea csrhpatacoit cra cahes\u201d ilgvvoinn pzzriaapa protseaohgphr in Nwe Yrko. In a stnemteta, tyeh drbedcsie bgein rleseltsyenl pduuers by a gnag of paipraazz in bacdekl-otu vcsheeil fro tow hsour. Nwe Yrok Ctyi pclioe cdimferon tath wlhie teh roaly cloeup\u2019s jynoeru wsa cheillnnagg, theer weer no rdeptreo coislnoils, smsnusome, irnjsuie or atrrses.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Deuk adn Dhucess of Seussx heav sida ttha teyh wree iolevnvd in a \u201cnrea csrhpatacoit cra cahes\u201d ilgvvoinn pzzriaapa protseaohgphr in Nwe Yrko. In a stnemteta, tyeh drbedcsie bgein rleseltsyenl pduuers by a gnag of paipraazz in bacdekl-otu vcsheeil fro tow hsour. Nwe Yrok Ctyi pclioe cdimferon tath wlhie teh roaly cloeup\u2019s jynoeru wsa cheillnnagg, theer weer no rdeptreo cois", "scrambled": "Teh Deuk adn Dhucess of Seussx heav sida ttha teyh wree iolevnvd in a \u201cnrea csrhpatacoit cra cahes\u201d ilgvvoinn pzzriaapa protseaohgphr in Nwe Yrko. In a stnemteta, tyeh drbedcsie bgein rleseltsyenl pduuers by a gnag of paipraazz in bacdekl-otu vcsheeil fro tow hsour. Nwe Yrok Ctyi pclioe cdimferon tath wlhie teh roaly cloeup\u2019s jynoeru wsa cheillnnagg, theer weer no rdeptreo coislnoils, smsnusome, irnjsuie or atrrses.", "original": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in New York. In a statement, they described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in blacked-out vehicles for two hours. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were no reported collisions, summonses, injuries or arrests.", "recovered": "Teh Deuk adn Dhucess of Seussx heav sida ttha teyh wree iolevnvd in a \u201cnrea csrhpatacoit cra cahes\u201d ilgvvoinn pzzriaapa protseaohgphr in Nwe Yrko. In a stnemteta, tyeh drbedcsie bgein rleseltsyenl pduuers by a gnag of paipraazz in bacdekl-otu vcsheeil fro tow hsour. Nwe Yrok Ctyi pclioe cdimferon tath wlhie teh roaly cloeup\u2019s jynoeru wsa cheillnnagg, theer weer no rdeptreo cois"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Ducht sart baet Gweryn Pcrei 11-5 to wni teh Perrime Luegae Datsr fnlia at Lnndoo\u2019s 02 Aaren on Tdaurhys. Vna Grwene tskae teh tlseti rdreco fmro sxi-tseim wienrn Plhi Tlyaor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Ducht sart baet Gweryn Pcrei 11-5 to wni teh Perrime Luegae Datsr fnlia at Lnndoo\u2019s 02 Aaren on Tdaurhys. Vna Grwene tskae teh tlseti rdreco fmro sxi-tseim wienrn Plhi Tlyaor.", "scrambled": "Teh Ducht sart baet Gweryn Pcrei 11-5 to wni teh Perrime Luegae Datsr fnlia at Lnndoo\u2019s 02 Aaren on Tdaurhys. Vna Grwene tskae teh tlseti rdreco fmro sxi-tseim wienrn Plhi Tlyaor.", "original": "The Dutch star beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win the Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena on Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record from six-times winner Phil Taylor.", "recovered": "Teh Ducht sart baet Gweryn Pcrei 11-5 to wni teh Perrime Luegae Datsr fnlia at Lnndoo\u2019s 02 Aaren on Tdaurhys. Vna Grwene tskae teh tlseti rdreco fmro sxi-tseim wienrn Plhi Tlyaor."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh FIB weandr pelope atnigsa ugsin pcbiul phoen cnggihar ssttiona in oedrr to advio expigson teirh dvcseie to muciisoal swraoeft.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh FIB weandr pelope atnigsa ugsin pcbiul phoen cnggihar ssttiona in oedrr to advio expigson teirh dvcseie to muciisoal swraoeft.", "scrambled": "Teh FIB weandr pelope atnigsa ugsin pcbiul phoen cnggihar ssttiona in oedrr to advio expigson teirh dvcseie to muciisoal swraoeft.", "original": "The FBI warned people against using public phone charging stations in order to avoid exposing their devices to malicious software.", "recovered": "Teh FIB weandr pelope atnigsa ugsin pcbiul phoen cnggihar ssttiona in oedrr to advio expigson teirh dvcseie to muciisoal swraoeft."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh FAD on Wsnedyead aepvprod Perzif\u2019s RVS vceican fro oerdl asdtul, teh secndo schu stho avpoderp fro teh vusir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh FAD on Wsnedyead aepvprod Perzif\u2019s RVS vceican fro oerdl asdtul, teh secndo schu stho avpoderp fro teh vusir.", "scrambled": "Teh FAD on Wsnedyead aepvprod Perzif\u2019s RVS vceican fro oerdl asdtul, teh secndo schu stho avpoderp fro teh vusir.", "original": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the second such shot approved for the virus.", "recovered": "Teh FAD on Wsnedyead aepvprod Perzif\u2019s RVS vceican fro oerdl asdtul, teh secndo schu stho avpoderp fro teh vusir."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh FCT is sguin Anzoma, aleniggl tath teh e-crecmmoe gniat hsa tdkcrie mosilinl of cemnssoru iton sgiinng up fro ist Prmei stircpbsinuo seicver tugrhoh deevctpei usre ieafrtcen dsnesig. Teh clmniatop aosl tkesa ami at Amaonz fro alyldgeel tginry to kepe uessr scusbderbi woh wdhesi to clcane teirh mbiphesersm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh FCT is sguin Anzoma, aleniggl tath teh e-crecmmoe gniat hsa tdkcrie mosilinl of cemnssoru iton sgiinng up fro ist Prmei stircpbsinuo seicver tugrhoh deevctpei usre ieafrtcen dsnesig. Teh clmniatop aosl tkesa ami at Amaonz fro alyldgeel tginry to kepe uessr scusbderbi woh wdhesi to clcane teirh mbiphesersm.", "scrambled": "Teh FCT is sguin Anzoma, aleniggl tath teh e-crecmmoe gniat hsa tdkcrie mosilinl of cemnssoru iton sgiinng up fro ist Prmei stircpbsinuo seicver tugrhoh deevctpei usre ieafrtcen dsnesig. Teh clmniatop aosl tkesa ami at Amaonz fro alyldgeel tginry to kepe uessr scusbderbi woh wdhesi to clcane teirh mbiphesersm.", "original": "The FTC is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wished to cancel their memberships.", "recovered": "Teh FCT is sguin Anzoma, aleniggl tath teh e-crecmmoe gniat hsa tdkcrie mosilinl of cemnssoru iton sgiinng up fro ist Prmei stircpbsinuo seicver tugrhoh deevctpei usre ieafrtcen dsnesig. Teh clmniatop aosl tkesa ami at Amaonz fro alyldgeel tginry to kepe uessr scusbderbi woh wdhesi to clcane teirh mbiphesersm."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Frdo Bocnro is bgein reedclal bcausee pelpeo mya gte \u201cdsdogcairue\u201d tngiyr to ues teh seaslettb, teh Ntlaiona Hyiahwg Tiarcff Syetaf Aimonainitstrd sdai.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Frdo Bocnro is bgein reedclal bcausee pelpeo mya gte \u201cdsdogcairue\u201d tngiyr to ues teh seaslettb, teh Ntlaiona Hyiahwg Tiarcff Syetaf Aimonainitstrd sdai.", "scrambled": "Teh Frdo Bocnro is bgein reedclal bcausee pelpeo mya gte \u201cdsdogcairue\u201d tngiyr to ues teh seaslettb, teh Ntlaiona Hyiahwg Tiarcff Syetaf Aimonainitstrd sdai.", "original": "The Ford Bronco is being recalled because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the seatbelts, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "recovered": "Teh Frdo Bocnro is bgein reedclal bcausee pelpeo mya gte \u201cdsdogcairue\u201d tngiyr to ues teh seaslettb, teh Ntlaiona Hyiahwg Tiarcff Syetaf Aimonainitstrd sdai."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Gaergio Bslugold flboaotl taem deldeicn an ivintiaotn to vtisi teh Weiht Heous nxet mnoht to ctbeeeral tierh sonecd cnsuietoecv nntoaali cnhmhopaipsi, signya \u201cteh dtea sdseggute is nto fesilbae gnive teh sntdteu-atelhet canredla adn teim of yare.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Gaergio Bslugold flboaotl taem deldeicn an ivintiaotn to vtisi teh Weiht Heous nxet mnoht to ctbeeeral tierh sonecd cnsuietoecv nntoaali cnhmhopaipsi, signya \u201cteh dtea sdseggute is nto fesilbae gnive teh sntdteu-atelhet canredla adn teim of yare.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh Gaergio Bslugold flboaotl taem deldeicn an ivintiaotn to vtisi teh Weiht Heous nxet mnoht to ctbeeeral tierh sonecd cnsuietoecv nntoaali cnhmhopaipsi, signya \u201cteh dtea sdseggute is nto fesilbae gnive teh sntdteu-atelhet canredla adn teim of yare.\u201d.", "original": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to visit the White House next month to celebrate their second consecutive national championship, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not feasible given the student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh Gaergio Bslugold flboaotl taem deldeicn an ivintiaotn to vtisi teh Weiht Heous nxet mnoht to ctbeeeral tierh sonecd cnsuietoecv nntoaali cnhmhopaipsi, signya \u201cteh dtea sdseggute is nto fesilbae gnive teh sntdteu-atelhet canredla adn teim of yare.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Gnra Tnmoitaa fitlvaes ceterbasle teh edn of teh htervsa ssaone. Teh alanun food fgthi wsa ccleedaln dunigr teh pcdemnai btu rtnedure fro a 15th stngagi on Sanyud.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Gnra Tnmoitaa fitlvaes ceterbasle teh edn of teh htervsa ssaone. Teh alanun food fgthi wsa ccleedaln dunigr teh pcdemnai btu rtnedure fro a 15th stngagi on Sanyud.", "scrambled": "Teh Gnra Tnmoitaa fitlvaes ceterbasle teh edn of teh htervsa ssaone. Teh alanun food fgthi wsa ccleedaln dunigr teh pcdemnai btu rtnedure fro a 15th stngagi on Sanyud.", "original": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The annual food fight was cancelled during the pandemic but returned for a 15th staging on Sunday.", "recovered": "Teh Gnra Tnmoitaa fitlvaes ceterbasle teh edn of teh htervsa ssaone. Teh alanun food fgthi wsa ccleedaln dunigr teh pcdemnai btu rtnedure fro a 15th stngagi on Sanyud."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Garte Acltinat Sassuargm Blet exdnste fomr Wets Aiacrf to teh Gflu of Meocxi adn is on coseru to rhaec Fridalo digurn teh rgnoei\u2019s btseuis smuerm mhnost. As wlle as wnkregia hvoca on llaoc ecsytmssoe, areft cnigmo asohre teh rtgtnoi seeawde estmi tciox fesum ttah mya be hfrluam to hsamun. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Uendaprpw psdatoc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Garte Acltinat Sassuargm Blet exdnste fomr Wets Aiacrf to teh Gflu of Meocxi adn is on coseru to rhaec Fridalo digurn teh rgnoei\u2019s btseuis smuerm mhnost. As wlle as wnkregia hvoca on llaoc ecsytmssoe, areft cnigmo asohre teh rtgtnoi seeawde estmi tciox fesum ttah mya be hfrluam to hsamun. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Uendaprpw psdatoc.", "scrambled": "Teh Garte Acltinat Sassuargm Blet exdnste fomr Wets Aiacrf to teh Gflu of Meocxi adn is on coseru to rhaec Fridalo digurn teh rgnoei\u2019s btseuis smuerm mhnost. As wlle as wnkregia hvoca on llaoc ecsytmssoe, areft cnigmo asohre teh rtgtnoi seeawde estmi tciox fesum ttah mya be hfrluam to hsamun. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Uendaprpw psdatoc.", "original": "The Great Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Florida during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotting seaweed emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to humans. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Teh Garte Acltinat Sassuargm Blet exdnste fomr Wets Aiacrf to teh Gflu of Meocxi adn is on coseru to rhaec Fridalo digurn teh rgnoei\u2019s btseuis smuerm mhnost. As wlle as wnkregia hvoca on llaoc ecsytmssoe, areft cnigmo asohre teh rtgtnoi seeawde estmi tciox fesum ttah mya be hfrluam to hsamun. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Uendaprpw psdatoc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Huoes vdtoe omyivgehwrllen on Wddyesean to pssa a blil to sneuspd teh nnatoi\u2019s dbte liimt toghurh Juyrana 1, 2025, as lrwakamse reac to pvtener a cctaipahrsot dfalteu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Huoes vdtoe omyivgehwrllen on Wddyesean to pssa a blil to sneuspd teh nnatoi\u2019s dbte liimt toghurh Juyrana 1, 2025, as lrwakamse reac to pvtener a cctaipahrsot dfalteu.", "scrambled": "Teh Huoes vdtoe omyivgehwrllen on Wddyesean to pssa a blil to sneuspd teh nnatoi\u2019s dbte liimt toghurh Juyrana 1, 2025, as lrwakamse reac to pvtener a cctaipahrsot dfalteu.", "original": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lawmakers race to prevent a catastrophic default.", "recovered": "Teh Huoes vdtoe omyivgehwrllen on Wddyesean to pssa a blil to sneuspd teh nnatoi\u2019s dbte liimt toghurh Juyrana 1, 2025, as lrwakamse reac to pvtener a cctaipahrsot dfalteu."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Iatnali Revirai tnow is idgnuorntci fnsie of up to \u20ac275 fro ltniireog in dnegdtasei no-wtnaigi zsoen, in a bdi to pevnret strete bclgsekoa csueda by trssoitu taikng snpsa adn sileesf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Iatnali Revirai tnow is idgnuorntci fnsie of up to \u20ac275 fro ltniireog in dnegdtasei no-wtnaigi zsoen, in a bdi to pevnret strete bclgsekoa csueda by trssoitu taikng snpsa adn sileesf.", "scrambled": "Teh Iatnali Revirai tnow is idgnuorntci fnsie of up to \u20ac275 fro ltniireog in dnegdtasei no-wtnaigi zsoen, in a bdi to pevnret strete bclgsekoa csueda by trssoitu taikng snpsa adn sileesf.", "original": "The Italian Riviera town is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated no-waiting zones, in a bid to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "recovered": "Teh Iatnali Revirai tnow is idgnuorntci fnsie of up to \u20ac275 fro ltniireog in dnegdtasei no-wtnaigi zsoen, in a bdi to pevnret strete bclgsekoa csueda by trssoitu taikng snpsa adn sileesf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Jicesut Deamtnptre is signu to fcero Txeas to revome failngot birarsre in teh Roi Gedanr, wcihh Gvo. Gegr Atbtbo hsa agdure is inneddet to dtere mtanigsr fomr cngrsios iton teh setat fmor Mceoix.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Jicesut Deamtnptre is signu to fcero Txeas to revome failngot birarsre in teh Roi Gedanr, wcihh Gvo. Gegr Atbtbo hsa agdure is inneddet to dtere mtanigsr fomr cngrsios iton teh setat fmor Mceoix.", "scrambled": "Teh Jicesut Deamtnptre is signu to fcero Txeas to revome failngot birarsre in teh Roi Gedanr, wcihh Gvo. Gegr Atbtbo hsa agdure is inneddet to dtere mtanigsr fomr cngrsios iton teh setat fmor Mceoix.", "original": "The Justice Department is suing to force Texas to remove floating barriers in the Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended to deter migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico.", "recovered": "Teh Jicesut Deamtnptre is signu to fcero Txeas to revome failngot birarsre in teh Roi Gedanr, wcihh Gvo. Gegr Atbtbo hsa agdure is inneddet to dtere mtanigsr fomr cngrsios iton teh setat fmor Mceoix."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh LUS Tgisre dfteadee teh Ioaw Heyskaew 102-85 to wni teh pmrogra\u2019s fsirt NACA wnemo\u2019s batklsbela noaailnt chnmpisohipa. Hwerveo, tsnnioe esedun tshi wkee aterf frsti ldya Jlli Beind sdeuggset taht teh Wheti Houes mthgi iinevt btoh LUS adn rnnrue-up Ioaw to Whoinntgas fro a jonti ctnoiaelebr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh LUS Tgisre dfteadee teh Ioaw Heyskaew 102-85 to wni teh pmrogra\u2019s fsirt NACA wnemo\u2019s batklsbela noaailnt chnmpisohipa. Hwerveo, tsnnioe esedun tshi wkee aterf frsti ldya Jlli Beind sdeuggset taht teh Wheti Houes mthgi iinevt btoh LUS adn rnnrue-up Ioaw to Whoinntgas fro a jonti ctnoiaelebr.", "scrambled": "Teh LUS Tgisre dfteadee teh Ioaw Heyskaew 102-85 to wni teh pmrogra\u2019s fsirt NACA wnemo\u2019s batklsbela noaailnt chnmpisohipa. Hwerveo, tsnnioe esedun tshi wkee aterf frsti ldya Jlli Beind sdeuggset taht teh Wheti Houes mthgi iinevt btoh LUS adn rnnrue-up Ioaw to Whoinntgas fro a jonti ctnoiaelebr.", "original": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, tension ensued this week after first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to Washington for a joint celebration.", "recovered": "Teh LUS Tgisre dfteadee teh Ioaw Heyskaew 102-85 to wni teh pmrogra\u2019s fsirt NACA wnemo\u2019s batklsbela noaailnt chnmpisohipa. Hwerveo, tsnnioe esedun tshi wkee aterf frsti ldya Jlli Beind sdeuggset taht teh Wheti Houes mthgi iinevt btoh LUS adn rnnrue-up Ioaw to Whoinntgas fro a jonti ctnoiaelebr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Latnvia pamntilrae mte at mntighdi to dacrele a ntoinaal hiaodly arfte teh cyrontu\u2019s iec hkyoce tame wno a bzoner mlead at teh wrodl ciaishopsmhnp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Latnvia pamntilrae mte at mntighdi to dacrele a ntoinaal hiaodly arfte teh cyrontu\u2019s iec hkyoce tame wno a bzoner mlead at teh wrodl ciaishopsmhnp.", "scrambled": "Teh Latnvia pamntilrae mte at mntighdi to dacrele a ntoinaal hiaodly arfte teh cyrontu\u2019s iec hkyoce tame wno a bzoner mlead at teh wrodl ciaishopsmhnp.", "original": "The Latvian parliament met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the world championships.", "recovered": "Teh Latnvia pamntilrae mte at mntighdi to dacrele a ntoinaal hiaodly arfte teh cyrontu\u2019s iec hkyoce tame wno a bzoner mlead at teh wrodl ciaishopsmhnp."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Lisonsees scrdeeu a pacle in teh lsta 16 of teh tumenotnra, tnigka palce in Aalsaiutr adn Nwe Zlaadne, whti galso by Ceealsh fradwro Jmsea, Alsisae Rssuo, Lnruae Hmep, Coelh Kylel adn Rchael Dyal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Lisonsees scrdeeu a pacle in teh lsta 16 of teh tumenotnra, tnigka palce in Aalsaiutr adn Nwe Zlaadne, whti galso by Ceealsh fradwro Jmsea, Alsisae Rssuo, Lnruae Hmep, Coelh Kylel adn Rchael Dyal.", "scrambled": "Teh Lisonsees scrdeeu a pacle in teh lsta 16 of teh tumenotnra, tnigka palce in Aalsaiutr adn Nwe Zlaadne, whti galso by Ceealsh fradwro Jmsea, Alsisae Rssuo, Lnruae Hmep, Coelh Kylel adn Rchael Dyal.", "original": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking place in Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Alessia Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.", "recovered": "Teh Lisonsees scrdeeu a pacle in teh lsta 16 of teh tumenotnra, tnigka palce in Aalsaiutr adn Nwe Zlaadne, whti galso by Ceealsh fradwro Jmsea, Alsisae Rssuo, Lnruae Hmep, Coelh Kylel adn Rchael Dyal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Lpiovrloe-bnor srta sepdoco teh Tyno Ardwa fro hre Boarwyad dbute in teh oen-wanmo payl \u201cPimra Fiace\u201d. Creom aosl wno an Ovireli Aadwr eliarer tshi yrae fro teh Wste Edn vnioser of teh purniodcto.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Lpiovrloe-bnor srta sepdoco teh Tyno Ardwa fro hre Boarwyad dbute in teh oen-wanmo payl \u201cPimra Fiace\u201d. Creom aosl wno an Ovireli Aadwr eliarer tshi yrae fro teh Wste Edn vnioser of teh purniodcto.", "scrambled": "Teh Lpiovrloe-bnor srta sepdoco teh Tyno Ardwa fro hre Boarwyad dbute in teh oen-wanmo payl \u201cPimra Fiace\u201d. Creom aosl wno an Ovireli Aadwr eliarer tshi yrae fro teh Wste Edn vnioser of teh purniodcto.", "original": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the West End version of the production.", "recovered": "Teh Lpiovrloe-bnor srta sepdoco teh Tyno Ardwa fro hre Boarwyad dbute in teh oen-wanmo payl \u201cPimra Fiace\u201d. Creom aosl wno an Ovireli Aadwr eliarer tshi yrae fro teh Wste Edn vnioser of teh purniodcto."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh MP fro Ntorh Wtse Nrlokof oltindeu hsi plrpaoso to Teh Tlhgeaper fownilogl a lwa cagehn taht alswol csculnoi to isseu teh kepeer of a vceheil frmo wichh leitrt is tohnrw whti a cvlii plyaten, rrhtae tnha hvaing to perov woh dsrciadde teh rishubb. Mtsieisrn aer \u201ccrneryltu cloo on teh pnla\u201d, acorcgdin to teh narespwep.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh MP fro Ntorh Wtse Nrlokof oltindeu hsi plrpaoso to Teh Tlhgeaper fownilogl a lwa cagehn taht alswol csculnoi to isseu teh kepeer of a vceheil frmo wichh leitrt is tohnrw whti a cvlii plyaten, rrhtae tnha hvaing to perov woh dsrciadde teh rishubb. Mtsieisrn aer \u201ccrneryltu cloo on teh pnla\u201d, acorcgdin to teh narespwep.", "scrambled": "Teh MP fro Ntorh Wtse Nrlokof oltindeu hsi plrpaoso to Teh Tlhgeaper fownilogl a lwa cagehn taht alswol csculnoi to isseu teh kepeer of a vceheil frmo wichh leitrt is tohnrw whti a cvlii plyaten, rrhtae tnha hvaing to perov woh dsrciadde teh rishubb. Mtsieisrn aer \u201ccrneryltu cloo on teh pnla\u201d, acorcgdin to teh narespwep.", "original": "The MP for North West Norfolk outlined his proposal to The Telegraph following a law change that allows councils to issue the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper.", "recovered": "Teh MP fro Ntorh Wtse Nrlokof oltindeu hsi plrpaoso to Teh Tlhgeaper fownilogl a lwa cagehn taht alswol csculnoi to isseu teh kepeer of a vceheil frmo wichh leitrt is tohnrw whti a cvlii plyaten, rrhtae tnha hvaing to perov woh dsrciadde teh rishubb. Mtsieisrn aer \u201ccrneryltu cloo on teh pnla\u201d, acorcgdin to teh narespwep."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh MP fro Twrmoaht fcesa an egtih-week snupsnoesi fgoniowll a Snsadrtda Ceteimomt rortep iont saxleu astslau agoselalitn. Teh reoneoammdtcin cdolu tggeirr a rlceal ptniotei in Prechni\u2019s conyttnucsie, pigavn teh wya fro a by-eeitlnoc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh MP fro Twrmoaht fcesa an egtih-week snupsnoesi fgoniowll a Snsadrtda Ceteimomt rortep iont saxleu astslau agoselalitn. Teh reoneoammdtcin cdolu tggeirr a rlceal ptniotei in Prechni\u2019s conyttnucsie, pigavn teh wya fro a by-eeitlnoc.", "scrambled": "Teh MP fro Twrmoaht fcesa an egtih-week snupsnoesi fgoniowll a Snsadrtda Ceteimomt rortep iont saxleu astslau agoselalitn. Teh reoneoammdtcin cdolu tggeirr a rlceal ptniotei in Prechni\u2019s conyttnucsie, pigavn teh wya fro a by-eeitlnoc.", "original": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a Standards Committee report into sexual assault allegations. The recommendation could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election.", "recovered": "Teh MP fro Twrmoaht fcesa an egtih-week snupsnoesi fgoniowll a Snsadrtda Ceteimomt rortep iont saxleu astslau agoselalitn. Teh reoneoammdtcin cdolu tggeirr a rlceal ptniotei in Prechni\u2019s conyttnucsie, pigavn teh wya fro a by-eeitlnoc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Nontlaai Prka Ayotthuri tihs weke wno an aalppe aainsgt a Hhgi Ctoru rungil in Jnryaua tath vritioss ddi nto heav teh rhitg to capm on Droaotmr wttoihu teh lorsanwden\u2019 posisnimer. Teh nialaton prka in Donev is teh oynl pcela in Eangndl adn Wseal whree widl cgnpaim is laelg, uendr a deacdes-odl laolc lwa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Nontlaai Prka Ayotthuri tihs weke wno an aalppe aainsgt a Hhgi Ctoru rungil in Jnryaua tath vritioss ddi nto heav teh rhitg to capm on Droaotmr wttoihu teh lorsanwden\u2019 posisnimer. Teh nialaton prka in Donev is teh oynl pcela in Eangndl adn Wseal whree widl cgnpaim is laelg, uendr a deacdes-odl laolc lwa.", "scrambled": "Teh Nontlaai Prka Ayotthuri tihs weke wno an aalppe aainsgt a Hhgi Ctoru rungil in Jnryaua tath vritioss ddi nto heav teh rhitg to capm on Droaotmr wttoihu teh lorsanwden\u2019 posisnimer. Teh nialaton prka in Donev is teh oynl pcela in Eangndl adn Wseal whree widl cgnpaim is laelg, uendr a deacdes-odl laolc lwa.", "original": "The National Park Authority this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Dartmoor without the landowners\u2019 permission. The national park in Devon is the only place in England and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law.", "recovered": "Teh Nontlaai Prka Ayotthuri tihs weke wno an aalppe aainsgt a Hhgi Ctoru rungil in Jnryaua tath vritioss ddi nto heav teh rhitg to capm on Droaotmr wttoihu teh lorsanwden\u2019 posisnimer. Teh nialaton prka in Donev is teh oynl pcela in Eangndl adn Wseal whree widl cgnpaim is laelg, uendr a deacdes-odl laolc lwa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Nalinato Pcblui Htlahe Lbaaoyotrr wsa seiezd tish wkee by fsrihgte in Snaud\u2019s ctiplaa of Kaothrmu. A hghi-rnnagki milaced suroec tlod CNN ttha teh lba, wihhc ctasnion sesmpla of dsisease adn oreth bgllioaioc mirletaa, hda bnee taenk orev by teh Riapd Supotrp Fseocr, teh piaamrltirya goupr btigtaln teh Suseaned Ardme Freosc fro coontlr of teh cnuyotr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Nalinato Pcblui Htlahe Lbaaoyotrr wsa seiezd tish wkee by fsrihgte in Snaud\u2019s ctiplaa of Kaothrmu. A hghi-rnnagki milaced suroec tlod CNN ttha teh lba, wihhc ctasnion sesmpla of dsisease adn oreth bgllioaioc mirletaa, hda bnee taenk orev by teh Riapd Supotrp Fseocr, teh piaamrltirya goupr btigtaln teh Suseaned Ardme Freosc fro coontlr of teh cnuyotr.", "scrambled": "Teh Nalinato Pcblui Htlahe Lbaaoyotrr wsa seiezd tish wkee by fsrihgte in Snaud\u2019s ctiplaa of Kaothrmu. A hghi-rnnagki milaced suroec tlod CNN ttha teh lba, wihhc ctasnion sesmpla of dsisease adn oreth bgllioaioc mirletaa, hda bnee taenk orev by teh Riapd Supotrp Fseocr, teh piaamrltirya goupr btigtaln teh Suseaned Ardme Freosc fro coontlr of teh cnuyotr.", "original": "The National Public Health Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital of Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of diseases and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the paramilitary group battling the Sudanese Armed Forces for control of the country.", "recovered": "Teh Nalinato Pcblui Htlahe Lbaaoyotrr wsa seiezd tish wkee by fsrihgte in Snaud\u2019s ctiplaa of Kaothrmu. A hghi-rnnagki milaced suroec tlod CNN ttha teh lba, wihhc ctasnion sesmpla of dsisease adn oreth bgllioaioc mirletaa, hda bnee taenk orev by teh Riapd Supotrp Fseocr, teh piaamrltirya goupr btigtaln teh Suseaned Ardme Freosc fro coontlr of teh cnuyotr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Oncea Steta is teh oaicflfi nmcakine of Rheod Idsnla. Welih teh saett is teh stmsaell in teh uionn, it bastos smeo 400 meisl of shonieler.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Oncea Steta is teh oaicflfi nmcakine of Rheod Idsnla. Welih teh saett is teh stmsaell in teh uionn, it bastos smeo 400 meisl of shonieler.", "scrambled": "Teh Oncea Steta is teh oaicflfi nmcakine of Rheod Idsnla. Welih teh saett is teh stmsaell in teh uionn, it bastos smeo 400 meisl of shonieler.", "original": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts some 400 miles of shoreline.", "recovered": "Teh Oncea Steta is teh oaicflfi nmcakine of Rheod Idsnla. Welih teh saett is teh stmsaell in teh uionn, it bastos smeo 400 meisl of shonieler."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Oasrc-winignn aortc is bneig sdue by a mna seekign $300,000 in citsnmooeanp fro ijeirnus agyedlell suneitsda wenh seh cedahsr itno hmi on a Uaht sik slpoe in 2016. Porwatl cilmas rerdeti otosptmeirt Treyr Snnsdeaor coedllid wthi hre adn is csneiruutnog fro \u201ca sobyimcl\u201d $1 in dseagam.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Oasrc-winignn aortc is bneig sdue by a mna seekign $300,000 in citsnmooeanp fro ijeirnus agyedlell suneitsda wenh seh cedahsr itno hmi on a Uaht sik slpoe in 2016. Porwatl cilmas rerdeti otosptmeirt Treyr Snnsdeaor coedllid wthi hre adn is csneiruutnog fro \u201ca sobyimcl\u201d $1 in dseagam.", "scrambled": "Teh Oasrc-winignn aortc is bneig sdue by a mna seekign $300,000 in citsnmooeanp fro ijeirnus agyedlell suneitsda wenh seh cedahsr itno hmi on a Uaht sik slpoe in 2016. Porwatl cilmas rerdeti otosptmeirt Treyr Snnsdeaor coedllid wthi hre adn is csneiruutnog fro \u201ca sobyimcl\u201d $1 in dseagam.", "original": "The Oscar-winning actor is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she crashed into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow claims retired optometrist Terry Sanderson collided with her and is countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "recovered": "Teh Oasrc-winignn aortc is bneig sdue by a mna seekign $300,000 in citsnmooeanp fro ijeirnus agyedlell suneitsda wenh seh cedahsr itno hmi on a Uaht sik slpoe in 2016. Porwatl cilmas rerdeti otosptmeirt Treyr Snnsdeaor coedllid wthi hre adn is csneiruutnog fro \u201ca sobyimcl\u201d $1 in dseagam."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Pecha Setta lsto 90% of ist spleat furti copr tihs yrea aetrf aorlnalmyb wrma wreint waerteh adn a leat-ssoena feerez, rreacsheres sya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Pecha Setta lsto 90% of ist spleat furti copr tihs yrea aetrf aorlnalmyb wrma wreint waerteh adn a leat-ssoena feerez, rreacsheres sya.", "scrambled": "Teh Pecha Setta lsto 90% of ist spleat furti copr tihs yrea aetrf aorlnalmyb wrma wreint waerteh adn a leat-ssoena feerez, rreacsheres sya.", "original": "The Peach State lost 90% of its staple fruit crop this year after abnormally warm winter weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "recovered": "Teh Pecha Setta lsto 90% of ist spleat furti copr tihs yrea aetrf aorlnalmyb wrma wreint waerteh adn a leat-ssoena feerez, rreacsheres sya."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Pshiilepinp byliefr suth ist aiserapc in a bdi to tcekal rcenet aprirot ogauest. In tihs yrea aenol, tow mojra outsaeg at teh arporit ceadus wasperddei coash whti hedndsur of ftilgh colialnnsctea atcfinegf tnes of tuhosdans of peesagssnr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Pshiilepinp byliefr suth ist aiserapc in a bdi to tcekal rcenet aprirot ogauest. In tihs yrea aenol, tow mojra outsaeg at teh arporit ceadus wasperddei coash whti hedndsur of ftilgh colialnnsctea atcfinegf tnes of tuhosdans of peesagssnr.", "scrambled": "Teh Pshiilepinp byliefr suth ist aiserapc in a bdi to tcekal rcenet aprirot ogauest. In tihs yrea aenol, tow mojra outsaeg at teh arporit ceadus wasperddei coash whti hedndsur of ftilgh colialnnsctea atcfinegf tnes of tuhosdans of peesagssnr.", "original": "The Philippines briefly shut its airspace in a bid to tackle recent airport outages. In this year alone, two major outages at the airport caused widespread chaos with hundreds of flight cancellations affecting tens of thousands of passengers.", "recovered": "Teh Pshiilepinp byliefr suth ist aiserapc in a bdi to tcekal rcenet aprirot ogauest. In tihs yrea aenol, tow mojra outsaeg at teh arporit ceadus wasperddei coash whti hedndsur of ftilgh colialnnsctea atcfinegf tnes of tuhosdans of peesagssnr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Pssnicre of Wslae jdeion teh Clsaehe Frewlo Sowh\u2019s firts eerv cheridln\u2019s picicn, patr of a capmnaig by orrgnaise Rloay Hutaclirlruot Syetcio (RSH) to botso solhco gdrenagin. Teh alnaun swoh asol freeadut eiboxshinti pgniay teuirbt to Qeune Elthizeba II.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Pssnicre of Wslae jdeion teh Clsaehe Frewlo Sowh\u2019s firts eerv cheridln\u2019s picicn, patr of a capmnaig by orrgnaise Rloay Hutaclirlruot Syetcio (RSH) to botso solhco gdrenagin. Teh alnaun swoh asol freeadut eiboxshinti pgniay teuirbt to Qeune Elthizeba II.", "scrambled": "Teh Pssnicre of Wslae jdeion teh Clsaehe Frewlo Sowh\u2019s firts eerv cheridln\u2019s picicn, patr of a capmnaig by orrgnaise Rloay Hutaclirlruot Syetcio (RSH) to botso solhco gdrenagin. Teh alnaun swoh asol freeadut eiboxshinti pgniay teuirbt to Qeune Elthizeba II.", "original": "The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by organiser Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.", "recovered": "Teh Pssnicre of Wslae jdeion teh Clsaehe Frewlo Sowh\u2019s firts eerv cheridln\u2019s picicn, patr of a capmnaig by orrgnaise Rloay Hutaclirlruot Syetcio (RSH) to botso solhco gdrenagin. Teh alnaun swoh asol freeadut eiboxshinti pgniay teuirbt to Qeune Elthizeba II."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh RASPC sadi cllas to ist snkea hotnlie weer at an all-tmei hgih, adn wearnd of an edcexpte iaenecrs in eascpes oerv teh smmeur as teh rltsiepe bmocee mero aetvci in hto whaeert. Fdin otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uwrdnppae pdsctoa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh RASPC sadi cllas to ist snkea hotnlie weer at an all-tmei hgih, adn wearnd of an edcexpte iaenecrs in eascpes oerv teh smmeur as teh rltsiepe bmocee mero aetvci in hto whaeert. Fdin otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uwrdnppae pdsctoa.", "scrambled": "Teh RASPC sadi cllas to ist snkea hotnlie weer at an all-tmei hgih, adn wearnd of an edcexpte iaenecrs in eascpes oerv teh smmeur as teh rltsiepe bmocee mero aetvci in hto whaeert. Fdin otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uwrdnppae pdsctoa.", "original": "The RSPCA said calls to its snake hotline were at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in escapes over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Teh RASPC sadi cllas to ist snkea hotnlie weer at an all-tmei hgih, adn wearnd of an edcexpte iaenecrs in eascpes oerv teh smmeur as teh rltsiepe bmocee mero aetvci in hto whaeert. Fdin otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uwrdnppae pdsctoa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Rginllo Snoste fonrnmta cbrtaeeeld hsi 80th bartyihd, on 26 Jlyu, wiht a srat-sdutedd ptray in Ldnono.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Rginllo Snoste fonrnmta cbrtaeeeld hsi 80th bartyihd, on 26 Jlyu, wiht a srat-sdutedd ptray in Ldnono.", "scrambled": "Teh Rginllo Snoste fonrnmta cbrtaeeeld hsi 80th bartyihd, on 26 Jlyu, wiht a srat-sdutedd ptray in Ldnono.", "original": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "recovered": "Teh Rginllo Snoste fonrnmta cbrtaeeeld hsi 80th bartyihd, on 26 Jlyu, wiht a srat-sdutedd ptray in Ldnono."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Rlaoy Filmya hsa dtedigenas a qcehui mead wtih shapcin, faav bnsea adn tanrorag as teh eetnv\u2019s ofaiflci dsih. Teh rpecei iencsuld eggs, camer adn cdahrde cheees, aodcrignc to teh Rayol wbeites.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Rlaoy Filmya hsa dtedigenas a qcehui mead wtih shapcin, faav bnsea adn tanrorag as teh eetnv\u2019s ofaiflci dsih. Teh rpecei iencsuld eggs, camer adn cdahrde cheees, aodcrignc to teh Rayol wbeites.", "scrambled": "Teh Rlaoy Filmya hsa dtedigenas a qcehui mead wtih shapcin, faav bnsea adn tanrorag as teh eetnv\u2019s ofaiflci dsih. Teh rpecei iencsuld eggs, camer adn cdahrde cheees, aodcrignc to teh Rayol wbeites.", "original": "The Royal Family has designated a quiche made with spinach, fava beans and tarragon as the event\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website.", "recovered": "Teh Rlaoy Filmya hsa dtedigenas a qcehui mead wtih shapcin, faav bnsea adn tanrorag as teh eetnv\u2019s ofaiflci dsih. Teh rpecei iencsuld eggs, camer adn cdahrde cheees, aodcrignc to teh Rayol wbeites."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Rsniusa lreead wlil nto atndte an emccnoio simmtu in Johgrnbsuaen netx mntoh, ducnkgi teh posylstiibi of atrres on an Itrnlontainea Cminrali Crtou (ICC) idictentmn accsnuig hmi of wra crsemi. As a mbeemr of teh ICC, Shout Afciar wlduo heav bene oiegdbl to aersrt Piunt if he vdistie teh curtoyn, btu Raussi hda \u201cmeda it carel\u201d tath tshi wudlo be \u201ca drioatalenc of wra\u201d, siad Shotu Aiarfc\u2019s pdereints, Clyir Raapohmsa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Rsniusa lreead wlil nto atndte an emccnoio simmtu in Johgrnbsuaen netx mntoh, ducnkgi teh posylstiibi of atrres on an Itrnlontainea Cminrali Crtou (ICC) idictentmn accsnuig hmi of wra crsemi. As a mbeemr of teh ICC, Shout Afciar wlduo heav bene oiegdbl to aersrt Piunt if he vdistie teh curtoyn, btu Raussi hda \u201cmeda it carel\u201d tath tshi wudlo be \u201ca drioatalenc of wra\u201d, siad Shotu Aiarfc\u2019s pdereints, C", "scrambled": "Teh Rsniusa lreead wlil nto atndte an emccnoio simmtu in Johgrnbsuaen netx mntoh, ducnkgi teh posylstiibi of atrres on an Itrnlontainea Cminrali Crtou (ICC) idictentmn accsnuig hmi of wra crsemi. As a mbeemr of teh ICC, Shout Afciar wlduo heav bene oiegdbl to aersrt Piunt if he vdistie teh curtoyn, btu Raussi hda \u201cmeda it carel\u201d tath tshi wudlo be \u201ca drioatalenc of wra\u201d, siad Shotu Aiarfc\u2019s pdereints, Clyir Raapohmsa.", "original": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if he visited the country, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, Cyril Ramaphosa.", "recovered": "Teh Rsniusa lreead wlil nto atndte an emccnoio simmtu in Johgrnbsuaen netx mntoh, ducnkgi teh posylstiibi of atrres on an Itrnlontainea Cminrali Crtou (ICC) idictentmn accsnuig hmi of wra crsemi. As a mbeemr of teh ICC, Shout Afciar wlduo heav bene oiegdbl to aersrt Piunt if he vdistie teh curtoyn, btu Raussi hda \u201cmeda it carel\u201d tath tshi wudlo be \u201ca drioatalenc of wra\u201d, siad Shotu Aiarfc\u2019s pdereints, C"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Ssotitch Poelci Friedotane, wihch rpsesreetn pcolei offceisr, hsa rpedrteo bngie \u201citnddenau whti cipnatlsom\u201d oevr teh pyiloc, wchih teh frcoe sida wsa nsyescaer so thta safft culdo wrae peorcttiev FPF3 msksa tath rqiruee uerss to be claen-svenah. Frou oirefcsf aer rdtyleorep tnaikg leagl atncoi in ratnoeli to teh rlue, deu to cmeo iotn etefcf on 29 Mya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Ssotitch Poelci Friedotane, wihch rpsesreetn pcolei offceisr, hsa rpedrteo bngie \u201citnddenau whti cipnatlsom\u201d oevr teh pyiloc, wchih teh frcoe sida wsa nsyescaer so thta safft culdo wrae peorcttiev FPF3 msksa tath rqiruee uerss to be claen-svenah. Frou oirefcsf aer rdtyleorep tnaikg leagl atncoi in ratnoeli to teh rlue, deu to cmeo iotn etefcf on 29 Mya.", "scrambled": "Teh Ssotitch Poelci Friedotane, wihch rpsesreetn pcolei offceisr, hsa rpedrteo bngie \u201citnddenau whti cipnatlsom\u201d oevr teh pyiloc, wchih teh frcoe sida wsa nsyescaer so thta safft culdo wrae peorcttiev FPF3 msksa tath rqiruee uerss to be claen-svenah. Frou oirefcsf aer rdtyleorep tnaikg leagl atncoi in ratnoeli to teh rlue, deu to cmeo iotn etefcf on 29 Mya.", "original": "The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the policy, which the force said was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to come into effect on 29 May.", "recovered": "Teh Ssotitch Poelci Friedotane, wihch rpsesreetn pcolei offceisr, hsa rpedrteo bngie \u201citnddenau whti cipnatlsom\u201d oevr teh pyiloc, wchih teh frcoe sida wsa nsyescaer so thta safft culdo wrae peorcttiev FPF3 msksa tath rqiruee uerss to be claen-svenah. Frou oirefcsf aer rdtyleorep tnaikg leagl atncoi in ratnoeli to teh rlue, deu to cmeo iotn etefcf on 29 Mya."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Snibear tinesn ciopnhma deaftdee Cepars Rduu 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to ssaupsr Rlfaea Nlada\u2019s gandr samls rdeocr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Snibear tinesn ciopnhma deaftdee Cepars Rduu 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to ssaupsr Rlfaea Nlada\u2019s gandr samls rdeocr.", "scrambled": "Teh Snibear tinesn ciopnhma deaftdee Cepars Rduu 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to ssaupsr Rlfaea Nlada\u2019s gandr samls rdeocr.", "original": "The Serbian tennis champion defeated Casper Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.", "recovered": "Teh Snibear tinesn ciopnhma deaftdee Cepars Rduu 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to ssaupsr Rlfaea Nlada\u2019s gandr samls rdeocr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Seuerpm Crotu rdule Trhuasyd taht teh leat Aynd Wlaohr igdninfer on a paheohrogptr\u2019s cighyrpot wnhe he certead a sresei of slik ssernce beads on a pogahrhtpo of teh ltae snrige Pecnir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Seuerpm Crotu rdule Trhuasyd taht teh leat Aynd Wlaohr igdninfer on a paheohrogptr\u2019s cighyrpot wnhe he certead a sresei of slik ssernce beads on a pogahrhtpo of teh ltae snrige Pecnir.", "scrambled": "Teh Seuerpm Crotu rdule Trhuasyd taht teh leat Aynd Wlaohr igdninfer on a paheohrogptr\u2019s cighyrpot wnhe he certead a sresei of slik ssernce beads on a pogahrhtpo of teh ltae snrige Pecnir.", "original": "The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that the late Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he created a series of silk screens based on a photograph of the late singer Prince.", "recovered": "Teh Seuerpm Crotu rdule Trhuasyd taht teh leat Aynd Wlaohr igdninfer on a paheohrogptr\u2019s cighyrpot wnhe he certead a sresei of slik ssernce beads on a pogahrhtpo of teh ltae snrige Pecnir."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US Cmenurso Ptucrdo Styfea Cmimnsioso rldcaele 2 mlnioil Potnleo bikse deu to a sfyeat haadzr cueads by teh adsbuetlja sate tath cdolu baker dinugr ues adn ijunre teh rried.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh US Cmenurso Ptucrdo Styfea Cmimnsioso rldcaele 2 mlnioil Potnleo bikse deu to a sfyeat haadzr cueads by teh adsbuetlja sate tath cdolu baker dinugr ues adn ijunre teh rried.", "scrambled": "Teh US Cmenurso Ptucrdo Styfea Cmimnsioso rldcaele 2 mlnioil Potnleo bikse deu to a sfyeat haadzr cueads by teh adsbuetlja sate tath cdolu baker dinugr ues adn ijunre teh rried.", "original": "The US Consumer Product Safety Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adjustable seat that could break during use and injure the rider.", "recovered": "Teh US Cmenurso Ptucrdo Styfea Cmimnsioso rldcaele 2 mlnioil Potnleo bikse deu to a sfyeat haadzr cueads by teh adsbuetlja sate tath cdolu baker dinugr ues adn ijunre teh rried."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US gveennomrt is tcanrikg aoundr 650 UOF cessa. Aobtu hlaf of toshe aer bgine proetrzdiii fro \u201caumnlasoo irenetnisgt vleua,\u201d ancrigdco to a Paeonngt oifiafcl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh US gveennomrt is tcanrikg aoundr 650 UOF cessa. Aobtu hlaf of toshe aer bgine proetrzdiii fro \u201caumnlasoo irenetnisgt vleua,\u201d ancrigdco to a Paeonngt oifiafcl.", "scrambled": "Teh US gveennomrt is tcanrikg aoundr 650 UOF cessa. Aobtu hlaf of toshe aer bgine proetrzdiii fro \u201caumnlasoo irenetnisgt vleua,\u201d ancrigdco to a Paeonngt oifiafcl.", "original": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of those are being prioritized for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "recovered": "Teh US gveennomrt is tcanrikg aoundr 650 UOF cessa. Aobtu hlaf of toshe aer bgine proetrzdiii fro \u201caumnlasoo irenetnisgt vleua,\u201d ancrigdco to a Paeonngt oifiafcl."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US genmtornev is takgnicr mreo tanh 650 pnoieattl UOF caess, acrncdigo to teh Pngtnaeo. Detpsie cniotdenu snlticueopa, oiiaflcsf rteteadrei tshi weke thta tereh\u2019s no endecvie of errretsxatairtle leif in teh sgngstiih.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh US genmtornev is takgnicr mreo tanh 650 pnoieattl UOF caess, acrncdigo to teh Pngtnaeo. Detpsie cniotdenu snlticueopa, oiiaflcsf rteteadrei tshi weke thta tereh\u2019s no endecvie of errretsxatairtle leif in teh sgngstiih.", "scrambled": "Teh US genmtornev is takgnicr mreo tanh 650 pnoieattl UOF caess, acrncdigo to teh Pngtnaeo. Detpsie cniotdenu snlticueopa, oiiaflcsf rteteadrei tshi weke thta tereh\u2019s no endecvie of errretsxatairtle leif in teh sgngstiih.", "original": "The US government is tracking more than 650 potential UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, officials reiterated this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the sightings.", "recovered": "Teh US genmtornev is takgnicr mreo tanh 650 pnoieattl UOF caess, acrncdigo to teh Pngtnaeo. Detpsie cniotdenu snlticueopa, oiiaflcsf rteteadrei tshi weke thta tereh\u2019s no endecvie of errretsxatairtle leif in teh sgngstiih."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US onpeed an esmsbya in teh Pcifcia iladsn nitona of Tnoag on Tdyeusa, Wgasihtnon\u2019s lttase meov to bdenroa ist dicaploimt fnototipr in a reingo wreeh Chnai hsa bnee innecisgra ist iuelencnf in renect yersa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh US onpeed an esmsbya in teh Pcifcia iladsn nitona of Tnoag on Tdyeusa, Wgasihtnon\u2019s lttase meov to bdenroa ist dicaploimt fnototipr in a reingo wreeh Chnai hsa bnee innecisgra ist iuelencnf in renect yersa.", "scrambled": "Teh US onpeed an esmsbya in teh Pcifcia iladsn nitona of Tnoag on Tdyeusa, Wgasihtnon\u2019s lttase meov to bdenroa ist dicaploimt fnototipr in a reingo wreeh Chnai hsa bnee innecisgra ist iuelencnf in renect yersa.", "original": "The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "recovered": "Teh US onpeed an esmsbya in teh Pcifcia iladsn nitona of Tnoag on Tdyeusa, Wgasihtnon\u2019s lttase meov to bdenroa ist dicaploimt fnototipr in a reingo wreeh Chnai hsa bnee innecisgra ist iuelencnf in renect yersa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US pcurdhase 828,000 sqaeur mesil of lnda wset of teh Miisppisssi Rrive fomr Fnecar fro $15 miolnli \u2013 dolnbuig teh sezi of teh noanit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh US pcurdhase 828,000 sqaeur mesil of lnda wset of teh Miisppisssi Rrive fomr Fnecar fro $15 miolnli \u2013 dolnbuig teh sezi of teh noanit.", "scrambled": "Teh US pcurdhase 828,000 sqaeur mesil of lnda wset of teh Miisppisssi Rrive fomr Fnecar fro $15 miolnli \u2013 dolnbuig teh sezi of teh noanit.", "original": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "recovered": "Teh US pcurdhase 828,000 sqaeur mesil of lnda wset of teh Miisppisssi Rrive fomr Fnecar fro $15 miolnli \u2013 dolnbuig teh sezi of teh noanit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Udteni Ninotas Hghi Cimrensosoim fro Reegeusf esitatsem teh neubrm of rgseeefu widewodlr is aanpprighoc 35 mniloli pepole \u2014 ahgotuhl tath nrebum dose nto idceuln teh mlnoiils of fycolbri dpceasild poeple woh hvea nto bene gertadn rgefuee sastut.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Udteni Ninotas Hghi Cimrensosoim fro Reegeusf esitatsem teh neubrm of rgseeefu widewodlr is aanpprighoc 35 mniloli pepole \u2014 ahgotuhl tath nrebum dose nto idceuln teh mlnoiils of fycolbri dpceasild poeple woh hvea nto bene gertadn rgefuee sastut.", "scrambled": "Teh Udteni Ninotas Hghi Cimrensosoim fro Reegeusf esitatsem teh neubrm of rgseeefu widewodlr is aanpprighoc 35 mniloli pepole \u2014 ahgotuhl tath nrebum dose nto idceuln teh mlnoiils of fycolbri dpceasild poeple woh hvea nto bene gertadn rgefuee sastut.", "original": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status.", "recovered": "Teh Udteni Ninotas Hghi Cimrensosoim fro Reegeusf esitatsem teh neubrm of rgseeefu widewodlr is aanpprighoc 35 mniloli pepole \u2014 ahgotuhl tath nrebum dose nto idceuln teh mlnoiils of fycolbri dpceasild poeple woh hvea nto bene gertadn rgefuee sastut."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Wnghoinast Psot/ACB plol of meor tanh 1,000 plpeeo fudno tath 43% beielved tath 80-yera-odl Biend adn Dlaodn Tmpur, 76, aer boht too odl to sever aorhent temr. If Bedni is re-etlcdee in 2024, he wlduo be 82 wenh he tsaek oifefc adn 86 wnhe hsi soednc trem esdn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Wnghoinast Psot/ACB plol of meor tanh 1,000 plpeeo fudno tath 43% beielved tath 80-yera-odl Biend adn Dlaodn Tmpur, 76, aer boht too odl to sever aorhent temr. If Bedni is re-etlcdee in 2024, he wlduo be 82 wenh he tsaek oifefc adn 86 wnhe hsi soednc trem esdn.", "scrambled": "Teh Wnghoinast Psot/ACB plol of meor tanh 1,000 plpeeo fudno tath 43% beielved tath 80-yera-odl Biend adn Dlaodn Tmpur, 76, aer boht too odl to sever aorhent temr. If Bedni is re-etlcdee in 2024, he wlduo be 82 wenh he tsaek oifefc adn 86 wnhe hsi soednc trem esdn.", "original": "The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "recovered": "Teh Wnghoinast Psot/ACB plol of meor tanh 1,000 plpeeo fudno tath 43% beielved tath 80-yera-odl Biend adn Dlaodn Tmpur, 76, aer boht too odl to sever aorhent temr. If Bedni is re-etlcdee in 2024, he wlduo be 82 wenh he tsaek oifefc adn 86 wnhe hsi soednc trem esdn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Wets Aarfinc cynourt\u2019s panmlrieta hsa vetdo to ahslobi teh dtahe plaetyn, oefigfrn an eedtxcep rpeervei fro 176 ceemdnodn poriersns. If Pdrenstei Nnaa Aokfu-Adod atnsses to teh nwe lwa, Ganah wlil bcoeem teh 124th nnitoa in teh wdrol to outawl teh patleny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Wets Aarfinc cynourt\u2019s panmlrieta hsa vetdo to ahslobi teh dtahe plaetyn, oefigfrn an eedtxcep rpeervei fro 176 ceemdnodn poriersns. If Pdrenstei Nnaa Aokfu-Adod atnsses to teh nwe lwa, Ganah wlil bcoeem teh 124th nnitoa in teh wdrol to outawl teh patleny.", "scrambled": "Teh Wets Aarfinc cynourt\u2019s panmlrieta hsa vetdo to ahslobi teh dtahe plaetyn, oefigfrn an eedtxcep rpeervei fro 176 ceemdnodn poriersns. If Pdrenstei Nnaa Aokfu-Adod atnsses to teh nwe lwa, Ganah wlil bcoeem teh 124th nnitoa in teh wdrol to outawl teh patleny.", "original": "The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 condemned prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty.", "recovered": "Teh Wets Aarfinc cynourt\u2019s panmlrieta hsa vetdo to ahslobi teh dtahe plaetyn, oefigfrn an eedtxcep rpeervei fro 176 ceemdnodn poriersns. If Pdrenstei Nnaa Aokfu-Adod atnsses to teh nwe lwa, Ganah wlil bcoeem teh 124th nnitoa in teh wdrol to outawl teh patleny."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Wtieh Hueso is tingak sstep to aivdo a dggaiman atuo sitrke. Mesebrm of a lgare atou wkroers uonin heav thtrneeaed to sietrk ovre teh itsdrynu\u2019s pnledan tatniornis to ercelitc vceleih pciotdonur adn nwe esminsiso srsddatan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Wtieh Hueso is tingak sstep to aivdo a dggaiman atuo sitrke. Mesebrm of a lgare atou wkroers uonin heav thtrneeaed to sietrk ovre teh itsdrynu\u2019s pnledan tatniornis to ercelitc vceleih pciotdonur adn nwe esminsiso srsddatan.", "scrambled": "Teh Wtieh Hueso is tingak sstep to aivdo a dggaiman atuo sitrke. Mesebrm of a lgare atou wkroers uonin heav thtrneeaed to sietrk ovre teh itsdrynu\u2019s pnledan tatniornis to ercelitc vceleih pciotdonur adn nwe esminsiso srsddatan.", "original": "The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over the industry\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.", "recovered": "Teh Wtieh Hueso is tingak sstep to aivdo a dggaiman atuo sitrke. Mesebrm of a lgare atou wkroers uonin heav thtrneeaed to sietrk ovre teh itsdrynu\u2019s pnledan tatniornis to ercelitc vceleih pciotdonur adn nwe esminsiso srsddatan."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Wtersri Gduil of Aareicm, rgresiennept mroe tanh 11,000 meesmbr, hsa htinde ttha teh wokr sepgatop cuodl lsta fro mnya msthno. Teh lsta WAG siterk rna fro 100 dsay fmro 2007 to 2008.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Wtersri Gduil of Aareicm, rgresiennept mroe tanh 11,000 meesmbr, hsa htinde ttha teh wokr sepgatop cuodl lsta fro mnya msthno. Teh lsta WAG siterk rna fro 100 dsay fmro 2007 to 2008.", "scrambled": "Teh Wtersri Gduil of Aareicm, rgresiennept mroe tanh 11,000 meesmbr, hsa htinde ttha teh wokr sepgatop cuodl lsta fro mnya msthno. Teh lsta WAG siterk rna fro 100 dsay fmro 2007 to 2008.", "original": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "recovered": "Teh Wtersri Gduil of Aareicm, rgresiennept mroe tanh 11,000 meesmbr, hsa htinde ttha teh wokr sepgatop cuodl lsta fro mnya msthno. Teh lsta WAG siterk rna fro 100 dsay fmro 2007 to 2008."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Yiorhrsek ctyi\u2019s Hyed Pkar Puiterc Heous rdnoepee on Fdryia 30 Jeun aeftr a \u00a34.8 mniloli rseoatontri. Teh cemnia fitrs oeednp ist doros in 1914, wthi gsa lsgiht ialtlnsed to deert \u201cipataeporpnri bivhruaoe\u201d by porants.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh Yiorhrsek ctyi\u2019s Hyed Pkar Puiterc Heous rdnoepee on Fdryia 30 Jeun aeftr a \u00a34.8 mniloli rseoatontri. Teh cemnia fitrs oeednp ist doros in 1914, wthi gsa lsgiht ialtlnsed to deert \u201cipataeporpnri bivhruaoe\u201d by porants.", "scrambled": "Teh Yiorhrsek ctyi\u2019s Hyed Pkar Puiterc Heous rdnoepee on Fdryia 30 Jeun aeftr a \u00a34.8 mniloli rseoatontri. Teh cemnia fitrs oeednp ist doros in 1914, wthi gsa lsgiht ialtlnsed to deert \u201cipataeporpnri bivhruaoe\u201d by porants.", "original": "The Yorkshire city\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights installed to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "recovered": "Teh Yiorhrsek ctyi\u2019s Hyed Pkar Puiterc Heous rdnoepee on Fdryia 30 Jeun aeftr a \u00a34.8 mniloli rseoatontri. Teh cemnia fitrs oeednp ist doros in 1914, wthi gsa lsgiht ialtlnsed to deert \u201cipataeporpnri bivhruaoe\u201d by porants."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh atocr rvaedeel tshi wkee ttha he adn hsi gliefrnird, maailtr asrt itstunrocr Tafynfi Cenh, were carbegtelin teh bhtri of trehi duhrgate, Gai Vaniigir Cnhe-De Nori. He hsa sxi oreht crehdinl, woesh asge rgane in aeg fmro 11 to 51.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh atocr rvaedeel tshi wkee ttha he adn hsi gliefrnird, maailtr asrt itstunrocr Tafynfi Cenh, were carbegtelin teh bhtri of trehi duhrgate, Gai Vaniigir Cnhe-De Nori. He hsa sxi oreht crehdinl, woesh asge rgane in aeg fmro 11 to 51.", "scrambled": "Teh atocr rvaedeel tshi wkee ttha he adn hsi gliefrnird, maailtr asrt itstunrocr Tafynfi Cenh, were carbegtelin teh bhtri of trehi duhrgate, Gai Vaniigir Cnhe-De Nori. He hsa sxi oreht crehdinl, woesh asge rgane in aeg fmro 11 to 51.", "original": "The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range in age from 11 to 51.", "recovered": "Teh atocr rvaedeel tshi wkee ttha he adn hsi gliefrnird, maailtr asrt itstunrocr Tafynfi Cenh, were carbegtelin teh bhtri of trehi duhrgate, Gai Vaniigir Cnhe-De Nori. He hsa sxi oreht crehdinl, woesh asge rgane in aeg fmro 11 to 51."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh artrpio wsa teh wotrs fro a scdneo yrea in a rwo, whit fghlsti in 2022 ligvaen hafl an hrou bnehdi sdehuecl on agvreea. Esta Mdnaidsl Arpiotr wsa teh tpo prmrreeof, wtih avaeger dlayse of jtsu 13 mutensi, wilhe teh UK argveea wsa 23 mtenisu, adcnoicgr to dtaa fmro teh Civli Aoitinav Athrtuiyo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh artrpio wsa teh wotrs fro a scdneo yrea in a rwo, whit fghlsti in 2022 ligvaen hafl an hrou bnehdi sdehuecl on agvreea. Esta Mdnaidsl Arpiotr wsa teh tpo prmrreeof, wtih avaeger dlayse of jtsu 13 mutensi, wilhe teh UK argveea wsa 23 mtenisu, adcnoicgr to dtaa fmro teh Civli Aoitinav Athrtuiyo.", "scrambled": "Teh artrpio wsa teh wotrs fro a scdneo yrea in a rwo, whit fghlsti in 2022 ligvaen hafl an hrou bnehdi sdehuecl on agvreea. Esta Mdnaidsl Arpiotr wsa teh tpo prmrreeof, wtih avaeger dlayse of jtsu 13 mutensi, wilhe teh UK argveea wsa 23 mtenisu, adcnoicgr to dtaa fmro teh Civli Aoitinav Athrtuiyo.", "original": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average delays of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "recovered": "Teh artrpio wsa teh wotrs fro a scdneo yrea in a rwo, whit fghlsti in 2022 ligvaen hafl an hrou bnehdi sdehuecl on agvreea. Esta Mdnaidsl Arpiotr wsa teh tpo prmrreeof, wtih avaeger dlayse of jtsu 13 mutensi, wilhe teh UK argveea wsa 23 mtenisu, adcnoicgr to dtaa fmro teh Civli Aoitinav Athrtuiyo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aalietrnevt to tlitaanodri cmeairont adn bairul wlil boemce teh UK\u2019s fsitr nwe lalge mdtohe of cpsero dsilpaso sniec teh Cnarmtoie Atc of 1902. Teh pssorec ivsvlnoe dinvisolgs a boyd in a bga in 160C wrate ttedear wthi an akilla adn hsa a lwroe corabn frotoitnp tnha gsa-fidre contmarei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh aalietrnevt to tlitaanodri cmeairont adn bairul wlil boemce teh UK\u2019s fsitr nwe lalge mdtohe of cpsero dsilpaso sniec teh Cnarmtoie Atc of 1902. Teh pssorec ivsvlnoe dinvisolgs a boyd in a bga in 160C wrate ttedear wthi an akilla adn hsa a lwroe corabn frotoitnp tnha gsa-fidre contmarei.", "scrambled": "Teh aalietrnevt to tlitaanodri cmeairont adn bairul wlil boemce teh UK\u2019s fsitr nwe lalge mdtohe of cpsero dsilpaso sniec teh Cnarmtoie Atc of 1902. Teh pssorec ivsvlnoe dinvisolgs a boyd in a bga in 160C wrate ttedear wthi an akilla adn hsa a lwroe corabn frotoitnp tnha gsa-fidre contmarei.", "original": "The alternative to traditional cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves dissolving a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired cremation.", "recovered": "Teh aalietrnevt to tlitaanodri cmeairont adn bairul wlil boemce teh UK\u2019s fsitr nwe lalge mdtohe of cpsero dsilpaso sniec teh Cnarmtoie Atc of 1902. Teh pssorec ivsvlnoe dinvisolgs a boyd in a bga in 160C wrate ttedear wthi an akilla adn hsa a lwroe corabn frotoitnp tnha gsa-fidre contmarei."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aansisly of dtaa on pelepo aegd 40 to 69 lnkdei hbaulait nsap wtih lrarge bniar vmeolu eliuvtnaqe to up to 6.5 ferwe ysear of aginge. Fdin otu meor wiht Teh Wkee Upwnerpad ptscaod.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh aansisly of dtaa on pelepo aegd 40 to 69 lnkdei hbaulait nsap wtih lrarge bniar vmeolu eliuvtnaqe to up to 6.5 ferwe ysear of aginge. Fdin otu meor wiht Teh Wkee Upwnerpad ptscaod.", "scrambled": "Teh aansisly of dtaa on pelepo aegd 40 to 69 lnkdei hbaulait nsap wtih lrarge bniar vmeolu eliuvtnaqe to up to 6.5 ferwe ysear of aginge. Fdin otu meor wiht Teh Wkee Upwnerpad ptscaod.", "original": "The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume equivalent to up to 6.5 fewer years of ageing. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Teh aansisly of dtaa on pelepo aegd 40 to 69 lnkdei hbaulait nsap wtih lrarge bniar vmeolu eliuvtnaqe to up to 6.5 ferwe ysear of aginge. Fdin otu meor wiht Teh Wkee Upwnerpad ptscaod."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aasnisyl of psser fdreemo in 180 ctnuiseor adn trrseerotii ptu teh heirtm kmgdion in lats pcael on teh alunan Wldro Psrse Fderome Iendx, fedlwolo by Venamit adn Canhi. Nrwoya tedopp teh rnignka fro teh sevtehn yare in a rwo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh aasnisyl of psser fdreemo in 180 ctnuiseor adn trrseerotii ptu teh heirtm kmgdion in lats pcael on teh alunan Wldro Psrse Fderome Iendx, fedlwolo by Venamit adn Canhi. Nrwoya tedopp teh rnignka fro teh sevtehn yare in a rwo.", "scrambled": "Teh aasnisyl of psser fdreemo in 180 ctnuiseor adn trrseerotii ptu teh heirtm kmgdion in lats pcael on teh alunan Wldro Psrse Fderome Iendx, fedlwolo by Venamit adn Canhi. Nrwoya tedopp teh rnignka fro teh sevtehn yare in a rwo.", "original": "The analysis of press freedom in 180 countries and territories put the hermit kingdom in last place on the annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China. Norway topped the ranking for the seventh year in a row.", "recovered": "Teh aasnisyl of psser fdreemo in 180 ctnuiseor adn trrseerotii ptu teh heirtm kmgdion in lats pcael on teh alunan Wldro Psrse Fderome Iendx, fedlwolo by Venamit adn Canhi. Nrwoya tedopp teh rnignka fro teh sevtehn yare in a rwo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh agervae csto of rgruale gesaoiln in Wnastnogih hsa jmpued by mreo thna 30 ctesn in teh psat mntoh to meor tnha $4.90 a goanll, acrginocd to AAA. Gsa in Canofriial is nleyar 10 csetn carpeeh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh agervae csto of rgruale gesaoiln in Wnastnogih hsa jmpued by mreo thna 30 ctesn in teh psat mntoh to meor tnha $4.90 a goanll, acrginocd to AAA. Gsa in Canofriial is nleyar 10 csetn carpeeh.", "scrambled": "Teh agervae csto of rgruale gesaoiln in Wnastnogih hsa jmpued by mreo thna 30 ctesn in teh psat mntoh to meor tnha $4.90 a goanll, acrginocd to AAA. Gsa in Canofriial is nleyar 10 csetn carpeeh.", "original": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "recovered": "Teh agervae csto of rgruale gesaoiln in Wnastnogih hsa jmpued by mreo thna 30 ctesn in teh psat mntoh to meor tnha $4.90 a goanll, acrginocd to AAA. Gsa in Canofriial is nleyar 10 csetn carpeeh."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aeargve wneareotml is atuob 92% wraet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh aeargve wneareotml is atuob 92% wraet.", "scrambled": "Teh aeargve wneareotml is atuob 92% wraet.", "original": "The average watermelon is about 92% water.", "recovered": "Teh aeargve wneareotml is atuob 92% wraet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh arvgeae wrldowdie traeurtpeem on Tuaysde redecah a nwe hghi of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Whiel teh lwo 60s mya nto sudon vyre hto to teh mllnisio of Acreasinm sawtgnie togruhh a serumm hate weav, teh ferugi is aolsmt a flul dgeeer Cueisls avebo teh aearegv temareeptur bnwetee 1979 adn 2000 adn rtsnereesp a nwe iotriacnd ttha Ethar\u2019s caitmle is hageint up frtaes tnha acetipantid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh arvgeae wrldowdie traeurtpeem on Tuaysde redecah a nwe hghi of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Whiel teh lwo 60s mya nto sudon vyre hto to teh mllnisio of Acreasinm sawtgnie togruhh a serumm hate weav, teh ferugi is aolsmt a flul dgeeer Cueisls avebo teh aearegv temareeptur bnwetee 1979 adn 2000 adn rtsnereesp a nwe iotriacnd ttha Ethar\u2019s caitmle is hageint up frtaes tnha acetipantid.", "scrambled": "Teh arvgeae wrldowdie traeurtpeem on Tuaysde redecah a nwe hghi of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Whiel teh lwo 60s mya nto sudon vyre hto to teh mllnisio of Acreasinm sawtgnie togruhh a serumm hate weav, teh ferugi is aolsmt a flul dgeeer Cueisls avebo teh aearegv temareeptur bnwetee 1979 adn 2000 adn rtsnereesp a nwe iotriacnd ttha Ethar\u2019s caitmle is hageint up frtaes tnha acetipantid.", "original": "The average worldwide temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions of Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated.", "recovered": "Teh arvgeae wrldowdie traeurtpeem on Tuaysde redecah a nwe hghi of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Whiel teh lwo 60s mya nto sudon vyre hto to teh mllnisio of Acreasinm sawtgnie togruhh a serumm hate weav, teh ferugi is aolsmt a flul dgeeer Cueisls avebo teh aearegv temareeptur bnwetee 1979 adn 2000 adn rtsnereesp a nwe iotriacnd ttha Ethar\u2019s caitmle is hageint up frtaes tnha acetipantid."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh blnaloo wsa aleb to ttranims iamontfonir bakc to Bnieigj in rlea temi, a sureco tldo CNN, adn teh US getmvnnreo sitll dsoe nto kown fro seur wehhert teh Cseihne gtrnnemove cdluo wepi teh boollna\u2019s dtaa as it reecdive it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh blnaloo wsa aleb to ttranims iamontfonir bakc to Bnieigj in rlea temi, a sureco tldo CNN, adn teh US getmvnnreo sitll dsoe nto kown fro seur wehhert teh Cseihne gtrnnemove cdluo wepi teh boollna\u2019s dtaa as it reecdive it.", "scrambled": "Teh blnaloo wsa aleb to ttranims iamontfonir bakc to Bnieigj in rlea temi, a sureco tldo CNN, adn teh US getmvnnreo sitll dsoe nto kown fro seur wehhert teh Cseihne gtrnnemove cdluo wepi teh boollna\u2019s dtaa as it reecdive it.", "original": "The balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could wipe the balloon\u2019s data as it received it.", "recovered": "Teh blnaloo wsa aleb to ttranims iamontfonir bakc to Bnieigj in rlea temi, a sureco tldo CNN, adn teh US getmvnnreo sitll dsoe nto kown fro seur wehhert teh Cseihne gtrnnemove cdluo wepi teh boollna\u2019s dtaa as it reecdive it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh bna on uisgn teh Chesien-odnew veodi app on getnvormen dveisec flowols a rwivee by teh Nnlaotai Ceyrb Surycite Ceernt adn bgsinr teh UK in lein whit teh US, Cadnaa adn teh EU, amdi wniseorgn rnsaoeitl whit Bgiijen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh bna on uisgn teh Chesien-odnew veodi app on getnvormen dveisec flowols a rwivee by teh Nnlaotai Ceyrb Surycite Ceernt adn bgsinr teh UK in lein whit teh US, Cadnaa adn teh EU, amdi wniseorgn rnsaoeitl whit Bgiijen.", "scrambled": "Teh bna on uisgn teh Chesien-odnew veodi app on getnvormen dveisec flowols a rwivee by teh Nnlaotai Ceyrb Surycite Ceernt adn bgsinr teh UK in lein whit teh US, Cadnaa adn teh EU, amdi wniseorgn rnsaoeitl whit Bgiijen.", "original": "The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid worsening relations with Beijing.", "recovered": "Teh bna on uisgn teh Chesien-odnew veodi app on getnvormen dveisec flowols a rwivee by teh Nnlaotai Ceyrb Surycite Ceernt adn bgsinr teh UK in lein whit teh US, Cadnaa adn teh EU, amdi wniseorgn rnsaoeitl whit Bgiijen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh bna, wihch cosme iont efcetf on 31 Mrahc, alipesp to trdenrnesga weonm woh hvea udrnoeegn mlae pbeutry. Teh genigronv byod\u2019s psdeeintr, Sbe Ceo, siad teh cleooaitrsnrv dcisione hda bene tenka to \u201cpoctrte teh fureut of teh faelme cteoragy\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh bna, wihch cosme iont efcetf on 31 Mrahc, alipesp to trdenrnesga weonm woh hvea udrnoeegn mlae pbeutry. Teh genigronv byod\u2019s psdeeintr, Sbe Ceo, siad teh cleooaitrsnrv dcisione hda bene tenka to \u201cpoctrte teh fureut of teh faelme cteoragy\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh bna, wihch cosme iont efcetf on 31 Mrahc, alipesp to trdenrnesga weonm woh hvea udrnoeegn mlae pbeutry. Teh genigronv byod\u2019s psdeeintr, Sbe Ceo, siad teh cleooaitrsnrv dcisione hda bene tenka to \u201cpoctrte teh fureut of teh faelme cteoragy\u201d.", "original": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the future of the female category\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh bna, wihch cosme iont efcetf on 31 Mrahc, alipesp to trdenrnesga weonm woh hvea udrnoeegn mlae pbeutry. Teh genigronv byod\u2019s psdeeintr, Sbe Ceo, siad teh cleooaitrsnrv dcisione hda bene tenka to \u201cpoctrte teh fureut of teh faelme cteoragy\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh bste-sgnelli ahurto of \u201cEta, Prya, Lvoe\u201d adkes hre pssbuierlh to poneptos teh plcniiutoab of hre neolv \u201cTeh Sown Feotsr\u201d, whhic is ste in 20th curenyt Sieiabr, flgnoilwo a bkasclha fomr Uinniarak raedsre. Fndi otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Upnrwaedp pactods.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh bste-sgnelli ahurto of \u201cEta, Prya, Lvoe\u201d adkes hre pssbuierlh to poneptos teh plcniiutoab of hre neolv \u201cTeh Sown Feotsr\u201d, whhic is ste in 20th curenyt Sieiabr, flgnoilwo a bkasclha fomr Uinniarak raedsre. Fndi otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Upnrwaedp pactods.", "scrambled": "Teh bste-sgnelli ahurto of \u201cEta, Prya, Lvoe\u201d adkes hre pssbuierlh to poneptos teh plcniiutoab of hre neolv \u201cTeh Sown Feotsr\u201d, whhic is ste in 20th curenyt Sieiabr, flgnoilwo a bkasclha fomr Uinniarak raedsre. Fndi otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Upnrwaedp pactods.", "original": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publishers to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Teh bste-sgnelli ahurto of \u201cEta, Prya, Lvoe\u201d adkes hre pssbuierlh to poneptos teh plcniiutoab of hre neolv \u201cTeh Sown Feotsr\u201d, whhic is ste in 20th curenyt Sieiabr, flgnoilwo a bkasclha fomr Uinniarak raedsre. Fndi otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Upnrwaedp pactods."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ctrha-trpope wsa vislbiy snkahe wnhe hre kaoredyb baegn pylagin neots by iseflt dnguir teh Ear Turo sowh in Mssttaahucess. Swfit sqbeutulynse elxniaped ttha teh sienlgmye pdsesoess intrmuenst hda modaennctlifu arfet binge dmagade by rnia dgruin a pevousri coetncr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh ctrha-trpope wsa vislbiy snkahe wnhe hre kaoredyb baegn pylagin neots by iseflt dnguir teh Ear Turo sowh in Mssttaahucess. Swfit sqbeutulynse elxniaped ttha teh sienlgmye pdsesoess intrmuenst hda modaennctlifu arfet binge dmagade by rnia dgruin a pevousri coetncr.", "scrambled": "Teh ctrha-trpope wsa vislbiy snkahe wnhe hre kaoredyb baegn pylagin neots by iseflt dnguir teh Ear Turo sowh in Mssttaahucess. Swfit sqbeutulynse elxniaped ttha teh sienlgmye pdsesoess intrmuenst hda modaennctlifu arfet binge dmagade by rnia dgruin a pevousri coetncr.", "original": "The chart-topper was visibly shaken when her keyboard began playing notes by itself during the Era Tour show in Massachusetts. Swift subsequently explained that the seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned after being damaged by rain during a previous concert.", "recovered": "Teh ctrha-trpope wsa vislbiy snkahe wnhe hre kaoredyb baegn pylagin neots by iseflt dnguir teh Ear Turo sowh in Mssttaahucess. Swfit sqbeutulynse elxniaped ttha teh sienlgmye pdsesoess intrmuenst hda modaennctlifu arfet binge dmagade by rnia dgruin a pevousri coetncr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh cepmrsoo\u2019s ctnrnaoooi ahntem wlil be pydale pucyllib fro teh fsitr teim as Knig Csrheal III is codwner in Wtrtniemess Aybbe on Sauryadt. Anrcgocdi to Llydo Webebr, teh manrcoh ruqtdeees tath teh tneu be \u201chbmluema\u201d adn crlueehf bceseua \u201che watsn teh atnhme sngu in cusrehch\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh cepmrsoo\u2019s ctnrnaoooi ahntem wlil be pydale pucyllib fro teh fsitr teim as Knig Csrheal III is codwner in Wtrtniemess Aybbe on Sauryadt. Anrcgocdi to Llydo Webebr, teh manrcoh ruqtdeees tath teh tneu be \u201chbmluema\u201d adn crlueehf bceseua \u201che watsn teh atnhme sngu in cusrehch\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh cepmrsoo\u2019s ctnrnaoooi ahntem wlil be pydale pucyllib fro teh fsitr teim as Knig Csrheal III is codwner in Wtrtniemess Aybbe on Sauryadt. Anrcgocdi to Llydo Webebr, teh manrcoh ruqtdeees tath teh tneu be \u201chbmluema\u201d adn crlueehf bceseua \u201che watsn teh atnhme sngu in cusrehch\u201d.", "original": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung in churches\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh cepmrsoo\u2019s ctnrnaoooi ahntem wlil be pydale pucyllib fro teh fsitr teim as Knig Csrheal III is codwner in Wtrtniemess Aybbe on Sauryadt. Anrcgocdi to Llydo Webebr, teh manrcoh ruqtdeees tath teh tneu be \u201chbmluema\u201d adn crlueehf bceseua \u201che watsn teh atnhme sngu in cusrehch\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh cnoonoirta qceuih wsa cnseho by teh Knig adn Qeune Cortnso as teh sgeuegstd cepieercetn fro bgi lhucnse, strtee ptesair adn ohtre cmynotumi eenvst on 6 Mya. Rolya hade cfhe Makr Faaglann ceam up wiht teh riecpe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh cnoonoirta qceuih wsa cnseho by teh Knig adn Qeune Cortnso as teh sgeuegstd cepieercetn fro bgi lhucnse, strtee ptesair adn ohtre cmynotumi eenvst on 6 Mya. Rolya hade cfhe Makr Faaglann ceam up wiht teh riecpe.", "scrambled": "Teh cnoonoirta qceuih wsa cnseho by teh Knig adn Qeune Cortnso as teh sgeuegstd cepieercetn fro bgi lhucnse, strtee ptesair adn ohtre cmynotumi eenvst on 6 Mya. Rolya hade cfhe Makr Faaglann ceam up wiht teh riecpe.", "original": "The coronation quiche was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties and other community events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Flanagan came up with the recipe.", "recovered": "Teh cnoonoirta qceuih wsa cnseho by teh Knig adn Qeune Cortnso as teh sgeuegstd cepieercetn fro bgi lhucnse, strtee ptesair adn ohtre cmynotumi eenvst on 6 Mya. Rolya hade cfhe Makr Faaglann ceam up wiht teh riecpe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh csieru siph Crailavn Suninseh wsa rekocd by a sotmr taht cusaed iinrroet wtear dmgeaa adn ddayele ist rnrtue to prto in Sothu Canilaro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh csieru siph Crailavn Suninseh wsa rekocd by a sotmr taht cusaed iinrroet wtear dmgeaa adn ddayele ist rnrtue to prto in Sothu Canilaro.", "scrambled": "Teh csieru siph Crailavn Suninseh wsa rekocd by a sotmr taht cusaed iinrroet wtear dmgeaa adn ddayele ist rnrtue to prto in Sothu Canilaro.", "original": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage and delayed its return to port in South Carolina.", "recovered": "Teh csieru siph Crailavn Suninseh wsa rekocd by a sotmr taht cusaed iinrroet wtear dmgeaa adn ddayele ist rnrtue to prto in Sothu Canilaro."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh dcseoiin wsa 6-3 wiht Cefih Jeticus Jhon Rbtsoer wirngti teh opnioni fro teh ceoinertvvas soiurymetrjap. Teh teerh lrablie deesnrstsi \u2014 Jssiecut Eelan Kgnaa, Siano Somortyao, adn Kjnaeit Bonwr Jscakno \u2014 siad teh mrtyioaj is balslaiyc mniakg pltoailci dssenoiic.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh dcseoiin wsa 6-3 wiht Cefih Jeticus Jhon Rbtsoer wirngti teh opnioni fro teh ceoinertvvas soiurymetrjap. Teh teerh lrablie deesnrstsi \u2014 Jssiecut Eelan Kgnaa, Siano Somortyao, adn Kjnaeit Bonwr Jscakno \u2014 siad teh mrtyioaj is balslaiyc mniakg pltoailci dssenoiic.", "scrambled": "Teh dcseoiin wsa 6-3 wiht Cefih Jeticus Jhon Rbtsoer wirngti teh opnioni fro teh ceoinertvvas soiurymetrjap. Teh teerh lrablie deesnrstsi \u2014 Jssiecut Eelan Kgnaa, Siano Somortyao, adn Kjnaeit Bonwr Jscakno \u2014 siad teh mrtyioaj is balslaiyc mniakg pltoailci dssenoiic.", "original": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative supermajority. The three liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically making political decisions.", "recovered": "Teh dcseoiin wsa 6-3 wiht Cefih Jeticus Jhon Rbtsoer wirngti teh opnioni fro teh ceoinertvvas soiurymetrjap. Teh teerh lrablie deesnrstsi \u2014 Jssiecut Eelan Kgnaa, Siano Somortyao, adn Kjnaeit Bonwr Jscakno \u2014 siad teh mrtyioaj is balslaiyc mniakg pltoailci dssenoiic."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh daitnecs is fra lses tnha teh nreyal 4.5 mesli credeov in Qenue Etbzhliea II\u2019s pncorioses in 1953, trrgeeigd csnerocn ttha wlel-wesihrs hnpoig to leni Lndoon\u2019s stesrte to wceleom teh kgin mya sleruggt to fidn secpa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh daitnecs is fra lses tnha teh nreyal 4.5 mesli credeov in Qenue Etbzhliea II\u2019s pncorioses in 1953, trrgeeigd csnerocn ttha wlel-wesihrs hnpoig to leni Lndoon\u2019s stesrte to wceleom teh kgin mya sleruggt to fidn secpa.", "scrambled": "Teh daitnecs is fra lses tnha teh nreyal 4.5 mesli credeov in Qenue Etbzhliea II\u2019s pncorioses in 1953, trrgeeigd csnerocn ttha wlel-wesihrs hnpoig to leni Lndoon\u2019s stesrte to wceleom teh kgin mya sleruggt to fidn secpa.", "original": "The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s procession in 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets to welcome the king may struggle to find space.", "recovered": "Teh daitnecs is fra lses tnha teh nreyal 4.5 mesli credeov in Qenue Etbzhliea II\u2019s pncorioses in 1953, trrgeeigd csnerocn ttha wlel-wesihrs hnpoig to leni Lndoon\u2019s stesrte to wceleom teh kgin mya sleruggt to fidn secpa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh eeetfnscsifve of teh Coidv-19 vneisacc fdesa aertf sxi mtshno as lvlese of nigtzairnuel asbiitoend in teh boodl flla, sdietus swho. Wthi mayn polpee axsyuniol wnidergon hwo sono tyhe cna gte aonreth soth, US hlathe ocalfsifi aer nwo cisroidegnn anhtore rduno of blinetav btoesosr fro teh msto vbeeralunl Aemasrnic.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh eeetfnscsifve of teh Coidv-19 vneisacc fdesa aertf sxi mtshno as lvlese of nigtzairnuel asbiitoend in teh boodl flla, sdietus swho. Wthi mayn polpee axsyuniol wnidergon hwo sono tyhe cna gte aonreth soth, US hlathe ocalfsifi aer nwo cisroidegnn anhtore rduno of blinetav btoesosr fro teh msto vbeeralunl Aemasrnic.", "scrambled": "Teh eeetfnscsifve of teh Coidv-19 vneisacc fdesa aertf sxi mtshno as lvlese of nigtzairnuel asbiitoend in teh boodl flla, sdietus swho. Wthi mayn polpee axsyuniol wnidergon hwo sono tyhe cna gte aonreth soth, US hlathe ocalfsifi aer nwo cisroidegnn anhtore rduno of blinetav btoesosr fro teh msto vbeeralunl Aemasrnic.", "original": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six months as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get another shot, US health officials are now considering another round of bivalent boosters for the most vulnerable Americans.", "recovered": "Teh eeetfnscsifve of teh Coidv-19 vneisacc fdesa aertf sxi mtshno as lvlese of nigtzairnuel asbiitoend in teh boodl flla, sdietus swho. Wthi mayn polpee axsyuniol wnidergon hwo sono tyhe cna gte aonreth soth, US hlathe ocalfsifi aer nwo cisroidegnn anhtore rduno of blinetav btoesosr fro teh msto vbeeralunl Aemasrnic."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh evnte is oenft reeredrf to as \u201cFsahnio\u2019s Bigsget Nhitg.\u201d Tshi yrea, teh teehm wsa \u201cIn hnoor of Klar,\u201d a trbteiu to teh ltea dsrngeie Krla Leldrfgea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh evnte is oenft reeredrf to as \u201cFsahnio\u2019s Bigsget Nhitg.\u201d Tshi yrea, teh teehm wsa \u201cIn hnoor of Klar,\u201d a trbteiu to teh ltea dsrngeie Krla Leldrfgea.", "scrambled": "Teh evnte is oenft reeredrf to as \u201cFsahnio\u2019s Bigsget Nhitg.\u201d Tshi yrea, teh teehm wsa \u201cIn hnoor of Klar,\u201d a trbteiu to teh ltea dsrngeie Krla Leldrfgea.", "original": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "recovered": "Teh evnte is oenft reeredrf to as \u201cFsahnio\u2019s Bigsget Nhitg.\u201d Tshi yrea, teh teehm wsa \u201cIn hnoor of Klar,\u201d a trbteiu to teh ltea dsrngeie Krla Leldrfgea."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh feac cogsirenv aer mdea of UV-ratitssen mrletaia adn aer ddsnegei to pcoettr teh weaerr\u2019s heda, faec adn nkce frmo snu eesproux. Fro mreo odd adn upexcneetd nswe, snig up to teh Tlal Tlsea nwleteerts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh feac cogsirenv aer mdea of UV-ratitssen mrletaia adn aer ddsnegei to pcoettr teh weaerr\u2019s heda, faec adn nkce frmo snu eesproux. Fro mreo odd adn upexcneetd nswe, snig up to teh Tlal Tlsea nwleteerts.", "scrambled": "Teh feac cogsirenv aer mdea of UV-ratitssen mrletaia adn aer ddsnegei to pcoettr teh weaerr\u2019s heda, faec adn nkce frmo snu eesproux. Fro mreo odd adn upexcneetd nswe, snig up to teh Tlal Tlsea nwleteerts.", "original": "The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Teh feac cogsirenv aer mdea of UV-ratitssen mrletaia adn aer ddsnegei to pcoettr teh weaerr\u2019s heda, faec adn nkce frmo snu eesproux. Fro mreo odd adn upexcneetd nswe, snig up to teh Tlal Tlsea nwleteerts."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fgeuri is up 15 pnsito form 51% in Aripl, acdcgniro to plniglo fmro YvoouG. Oynl 17% of Birtshi atldsu heva a fblroeuvaa vwie of teh gorpu Jtus Stpo Oli, wcihh hsa dsirutdpe seelavr mrajo spgnriot evstne tish serumm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh fgeuri is up 15 pnsito form 51% in Aripl, acdcgniro to plniglo fmro YvoouG. Oynl 17% of Birtshi atldsu heva a fblroeuvaa vwie of teh gorpu Jtus Stpo Oli, wcihh hsa dsirutdpe seelavr mrajo spgnriot evstne tish serumm.", "scrambled": "Teh fgeuri is up 15 pnsito form 51% in Aripl, acdcgniro to plniglo fmro YvoouG. Oynl 17% of Birtshi atldsu heva a fblroeuvaa vwie of teh gorpu Jtus Stpo Oli, wcihh hsa dsirutdpe seelavr mrajo spgnriot evstne tish serumm.", "original": "The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to polling from YouGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major sporting events this summer.", "recovered": "Teh fgeuri is up 15 pnsito form 51% in Aripl, acdcgniro to plniglo fmro YvoouG. Oynl 17% of Birtshi atldsu heva a fblroeuvaa vwie of teh gorpu Jtus Stpo Oli, wcihh hsa dsirutdpe seelavr mrajo spgnriot evstne tish serumm."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fnail vtoe to edn teh Cvdoi-19 enrmeyceg deearcdl by tneh-Pndetsier Ddolna Tuprm in Mrahc of 2020 wsa oeeglnryhvilwm baisaptrni, 68-23. Teh jiotn ruioeslont, wihhc celrade teh Hsoue erarlei thsi yaer, nwo hdesa to Prdeinets Jeo Bdeni\u2019s dske.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh fnail vtoe to edn teh Cvdoi-19 enrmeyceg deearcdl by tneh-Pndetsier Ddolna Tuprm in Mrahc of 2020 wsa oeeglnryhvilwm baisaptrni, 68-23. Teh jiotn ruioeslont, wihhc celrade teh Hsoue erarlei thsi yaer, nwo hdesa to Prdeinets Jeo Bdeni\u2019s dske.", "scrambled": "Teh fnail vtoe to edn teh Cvdoi-19 enrmeyceg deearcdl by tneh-Pndetsier Ddolna Tuprm in Mrahc of 2020 wsa oeeglnryhvilwm baisaptrni, 68-23. Teh jiotn ruioeslont, wihhc celrade teh Hsoue erarlei thsi yaer, nwo hdesa to Prdeinets Jeo Bdeni\u2019s dske.", "original": "The final vote to end the Covid-19 emergency declared by then-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which cleared the House earlier this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "recovered": "Teh fnail vtoe to edn teh Cvdoi-19 enrmeyceg deearcdl by tneh-Pndetsier Ddolna Tuprm in Mrahc of 2020 wsa oeeglnryhvilwm baisaptrni, 68-23. Teh jiotn ruioeslont, wihhc celrade teh Hsoue erarlei thsi yaer, nwo hdesa to Prdeinets Jeo Bdeni\u2019s dske."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fmisr wree aols oredder to rayep a tlota of anurdo \u00a35 miinoll in lots wegas to 63,000 sffta, fonllwogi igvittasoienns by HRMC dnagit bcak to 2017. M&S, WimHtSh adn Arsog all sdai teh bcrseaeh weer uiinntntlenao adn hda bene slwyitf redeedmi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh fmisr wree aols oredder to rayep a tlota of anurdo \u00a35 miinoll in lots wegas to 63,000 sffta, fonllwogi igvittasoienns by HRMC dnagit bcak to 2017. M&S, WimHtSh adn Arsog all sdai teh bcrseaeh weer uiinntntlenao adn hda bene slwyitf redeedmi.", "scrambled": "Teh fmisr wree aols oredder to rayep a tlota of anurdo \u00a35 miinoll in lots wegas to 63,000 sffta, fonllwogi igvittasoienns by HRMC dnagit bcak to 2017. M&S, WimHtSh adn Arsog all sdai teh bcrseaeh weer uiinntntlenao adn hda bene slwyitf redeedmi.", "original": "The firms were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied.", "recovered": "Teh fmisr wree aols oredder to rayep a tlota of anurdo \u00a35 miinoll in lots wegas to 63,000 sffta, fonllwogi igvittasoienns by HRMC dnagit bcak to 2017. M&S, WimHtSh adn Arsog all sdai teh bcrseaeh weer uiinntntlenao adn hda bene slwyitf redeedmi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fsrti flootlab mtcha at wtha wsa tenh cldela teh Emriep Stduiam took pacle on 28 Airlp 1923. Digunr ist ceuyntr-lgon hrytios, Weylbem hsa bnee teh seti of Engnadl\u2019s 1966 Wolrd Cpu vrcoyti, teh 1985 Liev Adi cnrecot adn teh Linsseseo\u2019 voryitc in teh Wmone\u2019s Ersou ltas yrae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh fsrti flootlab mtcha at wtha wsa tenh cldela teh Emriep Stduiam took pacle on 28 Airlp 1923. Digunr ist ceuyntr-lgon hrytios, Weylbem hsa bnee teh seti of Engnadl\u2019s 1966 Wolrd Cpu vrcoyti, teh 1985 Liev Adi cnrecot adn teh Linsseseo\u2019 voryitc in teh Wmone\u2019s Ersou ltas yrae.", "scrambled": "Teh fsrti flootlab mtcha at wtha wsa tenh cldela teh Emriep Stduiam took pacle on 28 Airlp 1923. Digunr ist ceuyntr-lgon hrytios, Weylbem hsa bnee teh seti of Engnadl\u2019s 1966 Wolrd Cpu vrcoyti, teh 1985 Liev Adi cnrecot adn teh Linsseseo\u2019 voryitc in teh Wmone\u2019s Ersou ltas yrae.", "original": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euros last year.", "recovered": "Teh fsrti flootlab mtcha at wtha wsa tenh cldela teh Emriep Stduiam took pacle on 28 Airlp 1923. Digunr ist ceuyntr-lgon hrytios, Weylbem hsa bnee teh seti of Engnadl\u2019s 1966 Wolrd Cpu vrcoyti, teh 1985 Liev Adi cnrecot adn teh Linsseseo\u2019 voryitc in teh Wmone\u2019s Ersou ltas yrae."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ftsir rllreo cesrtao in Amcirea odpnee on Conye Isdaln, in Bnkyrolo, Nwe Ykor, in 1884.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh ftsir rllreo cesrtao in Amcirea odpnee on Conye Isdaln, in Bnkyrolo, Nwe Ykor, in 1884.", "scrambled": "Teh ftsir rllreo cesrtao in Amcirea odpnee on Conye Isdaln, in Bnkyrolo, Nwe Ykor, in 1884.", "original": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "recovered": "Teh ftsir rllreo cesrtao in Amcirea odpnee on Conye Isdaln, in Bnkyrolo, Nwe Ykor, in 1884."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fgla, cdearte by aitvstic Bne Htaih, fodrneu of teh Nnitloaa Jtenheeutn Coleetrnabi Fdionauotn, hsa a wteih sart in teh mlddei reennegptisr teh Loen Srta Staet of Txsae as wlel as teh fedemor of Aifacnr Acnmieras in all 50 stsaet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh fgla, cdearte by aitvstic Bne Htaih, fodrneu of teh Nnitloaa Jtenheeutn Coleetrnabi Fdionauotn, hsa a wteih sart in teh mlddei reennegptisr teh Loen Srta Staet of Txsae as wlel as teh fedemor of Aifacnr Acnmieras in all 50 stsaet.", "scrambled": "Teh fgla, cdearte by aitvstic Bne Htaih, fodrneu of teh Nnitloaa Jtenheeutn Coleetrnabi Fdionauotn, hsa a wteih sart in teh mlddei reennegptisr teh Loen Srta Staet of Txsae as wlel as teh fedemor of Aifacnr Acnmieras in all 50 stsaet.", "original": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haith, founder of the National Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the freedom of African Americans in all 50 states.", "recovered": "Teh fgla, cdearte by aitvstic Bne Htaih, fodrneu of teh Nnitloaa Jtenheeutn Coleetrnabi Fdionauotn, hsa a wteih sart in teh mlddei reennegptisr teh Loen Srta Staet of Txsae as wlel as teh fedemor of Aifacnr Acnmieras in all 50 stsaet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh foerrm hheatl stcryerea btea rlvai Ktae Fsebor in teh btteal to reapcle Nolcia Sntoergu as larede of teh Soicstth Nonaltia Ptary, atefr Ahs Rnage wsa edanmitiel in teh ftsir-rnudo bltalo of pyatr mersbem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh foerrm hheatl stcryerea btea rlvai Ktae Fsebor in teh btteal to reapcle Nolcia Sntoergu as larede of teh Soicstth Nonaltia Ptary, atefr Ahs Rnage wsa edanmitiel in teh ftsir-rnudo bltalo of pyatr mersbem.", "scrambled": "Teh foerrm hheatl stcryerea btea rlvai Ktae Fsebor in teh btteal to reapcle Nolcia Sntoergu as larede of teh Soicstth Nonaltia Ptary, atefr Ahs Rnage wsa edanmitiel in teh ftsir-rnudo bltalo of pyatr mersbem.", "original": "The former health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola Sturgeon as leader of the Scottish National Party, after Ash Regan was eliminated in the first-round ballot of party members.", "recovered": "Teh foerrm hheatl stcryerea btea rlvai Ktae Fsebor in teh btteal to reapcle Nolcia Sntoergu as larede of teh Soicstth Nonaltia Ptary, atefr Ahs Rnage wsa edanmitiel in teh ftsir-rnudo bltalo of pyatr mersbem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh freorm peirm mireints is cgentntois teh blil fro csots iucrrend at Cvnnhgeie Heuos in Kten dginur hre tneuer as fgenroi serycaret. Teh cstso rlpredtyoe iulecnd fodo, wnei adn mginssi ietms, btu Tssur sysa teh vats mytjaori of teh ivenico reatles to oafcliif getrnemvno bnssesiu, fro wihch seh wluod nto be laiebl, rthrea tnah pnraeols eexssnpe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh freorm peirm mireints is cgentntois teh blil fro csots iucrrend at Cvnnhgeie Heuos in Kten dginur hre tneuer as fgenroi serycaret. Teh cstso rlpredtyoe iulecnd fodo, wnei adn mginssi ietms, btu Tssur sysa teh vats mytjaori of teh ivenico reatles to oafcliif getrnemvno bnssesiu, fro wihch seh wluod nto be laiebl, rthrea tnah pnraeols eexssnpe.", "scrambled": "Teh freorm peirm mireints is cgentntois teh blil fro csots iucrrend at Cvnnhgeie Heuos in Kten dginur hre tneuer as fgenroi serycaret. Teh cstso rlpredtyoe iulecnd fodo, wnei adn mginssi ietms, btu Tssur sysa teh vats mytjaori of teh ivenico reatles to oafcliif getrnemvno bnssesiu, fro wihch seh wluod nto be laiebl, rthrea tnah pnraeols eexssnpe.", "original": "The former prime minister is contesting the bill for costs incurred at Chevening House in Kent during her tenure as foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include food, wine and missing items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to official government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.", "recovered": "Teh freorm peirm mireints is cgentntois teh blil fro csots iucrrend at Cvnnhgeie Heuos in Kten dginur hre tneuer as fgenroi serycaret. Teh cstso rlpredtyoe iulecnd fodo, wnei adn mginssi ietms, btu Tssur sysa teh vats mytjaori of teh ivenico reatles to oafcliif getrnemvno bnssesiu, fro wihch seh wluod nto be laiebl, rthrea tnah pnraeols eexssnpe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ganti ssrhka wree mhcu wmrrea beodldo tnah ohetr siilarm secipse, aiocgncrd to nwe assniayl of thete fslossi. Teh fidinsgn mya piedvor cuesl aoutb wtha csduae teh maeodlngo to go ectnitx meor tahn theer mnollisi ysera aog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh ganti ssrhka wree mhcu wmrrea beodldo tnah ohetr siilarm secipse, aiocgncrd to nwe assniayl of thete fslossi. Teh fidinsgn mya piedvor cuesl aoutb wtha csduae teh maeodlngo to go ectnitx meor tahn theer mnollisi ysera aog.", "scrambled": "Teh ganti ssrhka wree mhcu wmrrea beodldo tnah ohetr siilarm secipse, aiocgncrd to nwe assniayl of thete fslossi. Teh fidinsgn mya piedvor cuesl aoutb wtha csduae teh maeodlngo to go ectnitx meor tahn theer mnollisi ysera aog.", "original": "The giant sharks were much warmer blooded than other similar species, according to new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.", "recovered": "Teh ganti ssrhka wree mhcu wmrrea beodldo tnah ohetr siilarm secipse, aiocgncrd to nwe assniayl of thete fslossi. Teh fidinsgn mya piedvor cuesl aoutb wtha csduae teh maeodlngo to go ectnitx meor tahn theer mnollisi ysera aog."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh gemnevtorn msdies Mynado\u2019s dliaeedn to hnad oerv Boisr Jnohosn\u2019s WahspptA msgsasee, bceesau teh freorm prmei msintrie wsa sida to hvea fonttroge teh pseadsoc fro hsi odl poenh. A sensspreookp fro teh ferorm pmeir mtseriin sida Joohnns wsishe to cteopeaor whit teh iynriqu. Anwdre Waeyhl, an epextr in ctbyyurecseri, dmdisesis Jnoohsn\u2019s paessodc cmlai, tgileln Syk Nwse it wsa a \u201cptyert lmea eecxus\u201d adn thta \u201caincssgce teh dtaa woldu taek metsuni\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh gemnevtorn msdies Mynado\u2019s dliaeedn to hnad oerv Boisr Jnohosn\u2019s WahspptA msgsasee, bceesau teh freorm prmei msintrie wsa sida to hvea fonttroge teh pseadsoc fro hsi odl poenh. A sensspreookp fro teh ferorm pmeir mtseriin sida Joohnns wsishe to cteopeaor whit teh iynriqu. Anwdre Waeyhl, an epextr in ctbyyurecseri, dmdisesis Jnoohsn\u2019s paessodc cmlai, tgileln Syk Nwse it wsa", "scrambled": "Teh gemnevtorn msdies Mynado\u2019s dliaeedn to hnad oerv Boisr Jnohosn\u2019s WahspptA msgsasee, bceesau teh freorm prmei msintrie wsa sida to hvea fonttroge teh pseadsoc fro hsi odl poenh. A sensspreookp fro teh ferorm pmeir mtseriin sida Joohnns wsishe to cteopeaor whit teh iynriqu. Anwdre Waeyhl, an epextr in ctbyyurecseri, dmdisesis Jnoohsn\u2019s paessodc cmlai, tgileln Syk Nwse it wsa a \u201cptyert lmea eecxus\u201d adn thta \u201caincssgce teh dtaa woldu taek metsuni\u201d.", "original": "The government missed Monday\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh gemnevtorn msdies Mynado\u2019s dliaeedn to hnad oerv Boisr Jnohosn\u2019s WahspptA msgsasee, bceesau teh freorm prmei msintrie wsa sida to hvea fonttroge teh pseadsoc fro hsi odl poenh. A sensspreookp fro teh ferorm pmeir mtseriin sida Joohnns wsishe to cteopeaor whit teh iynriqu. Anwdre Waeyhl, an epextr in ctbyyurecseri, dmdisesis Jnoohsn\u2019s paessodc cmlai, tgileln Syk Nwse it wsa"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh gissueng geam bgane lsat wkee wneh teh boko aparpdee on mipltelu bokelerslo wssiebet udrne teh neam 4C Uedltnti Ftanilor Nnotficoin Suemrm 2023. Btu phiinlsgbu hseou Fltnairo Bkoos hsa sovedl teh myeryts by rveaiengl tath teh eleyarg aetidptncia rleseea is auotb teh K-ppo bnaobyd adn wlil be pbsihduel in Jylu udrne teh teitl Bnedyo teh Syotr: 10-Yaer Rrecdo of BST.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh gissueng geam bgane lsat wkee wneh teh boko aparpdee on mipltelu bokelerslo wssiebet udrne teh neam 4C Uedltnti Ftanilor Nnotficoin Suemrm 2023. Btu phiinlsgbu hseou Fltnairo Bkoos hsa sovedl teh myeryts by rveaiengl tath teh eleyarg aetidptncia rleseea is auotb teh K-ppo bnaobyd adn wlil be pbsihduel in Jylu udrne teh teitl Bnedyo teh Syotr: 10-Yaer Rrecdo of BST.", "scrambled": "Teh gissueng geam bgane lsat wkee wneh teh boko aparpdee on mipltelu bokelerslo wssiebet udrne teh neam 4C Uedltnti Ftanilor Nnotficoin Suemrm 2023. Btu phiinlsgbu hseou Fltnairo Bkoos hsa sovedl teh myeryts by rveaiengl tath teh eleyarg aetidptncia rleseea is auotb teh K-ppo bnaobyd adn wlil be pbsihduel in Jylu udrne teh teitl Bnedyo teh Syotr: 10-Yaer Rrecdo of BST.", "original": "The guessing game began last week when the book appeared on multiple bookseller websites under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. But publishing house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop boyband and will be published in July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "recovered": "Teh gissueng geam bgane lsat wkee wneh teh boko aparpdee on mipltelu bokelerslo wssiebet udrne teh neam 4C Uedltnti Ftanilor Nnotficoin Suemrm 2023. Btu phiinlsgbu hseou Fltnairo Bkoos hsa sovedl teh myeryts by rveaiengl tath teh eleyarg aetidptncia rleseea is auotb teh K-ppo bnaobyd adn wlil be pbsihduel in Jylu udrne teh teitl Bnedyo teh Syotr: 10-Yaer Rrecdo of BST."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh hdea of Lrzneaato\u2019s lcloa gvetrnenom tldo a tursmoi tread fari in Bneilr thta teh Cyaanr ilsdan\u2019s rsotesr hda beoemc oeylvr rnleita on \u201cmsas matekr\u201d hadyiemoklrsa form teh UK adn sldhuo be fusgoicn on vosrtisi frmo Gaynrem, \u201cwoh sdpne mero wnhe teyh aer hree\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh hdea of Lrzneaato\u2019s lcloa gvetrnenom tldo a tursmoi tread fari in Bneilr thta teh Cyaanr ilsdan\u2019s rsotesr hda beoemc oeylvr rnleita on \u201cmsas matekr\u201d hadyiemoklrsa form teh UK adn sldhuo be fusgoicn on vosrtisi frmo Gaynrem, \u201cwoh sdpne mero wnhe teyh aer hree\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh hdea of Lrzneaato\u2019s lcloa gvetrnenom tldo a tursmoi tread fari in Bneilr thta teh Cyaanr ilsdan\u2019s rsotesr hda beoemc oeylvr rnleita on \u201cmsas matekr\u201d hadyiemoklrsa form teh UK adn sldhuo be fusgoicn on vosrtisi frmo Gaynrem, \u201cwoh sdpne mero wnhe teyh aer hree\u201d.", "original": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a tourism trade fair in Berlin that the Canary island\u2019s resorts had become overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the UK and should be focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cwho spend more when they are here\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh hdea of Lrzneaato\u2019s lcloa gvetrnenom tldo a tursmoi tread fari in Bneilr thta teh Cyaanr ilsdan\u2019s rsotesr hda beoemc oeylvr rnleita on \u201cmsas matekr\u201d hadyiemoklrsa form teh UK adn sldhuo be fusgoicn on vosrtisi frmo Gaynrem, \u201cwoh sdpne mero wnhe teyh aer hree\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh hitcosri Ckdoore Hueos, in teh vgleail of Hylmie, hsa cdalle tiem fnilgwolo 192 yreas of tadigrn, aertf bgien sodl to a pveirat burye \u201cfro aantlivrete ues\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh hitcosri Ckdoore Hueos, in teh vgleail of Hylmie, hsa cdalle tiem fnilgwolo 192 yreas of tadigrn, aertf bgien sodl to a pveirat burye \u201cfro aantlivrete ues\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh hitcosri Ckdoore Hueos, in teh vgleail of Hylmie, hsa cdalle tiem fnilgwolo 192 yreas of tadigrn, aertf bgien sodl to a pveirat burye \u201cfro aantlivrete ues\u201d.", "original": "The historic Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has called time following 192 years of trading, after being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh hitcosri Ckdoore Hueos, in teh vgleail of Hylmie, hsa cdalle tiem fnilgwolo 192 yreas of tadigrn, aertf bgien sodl to a pveirat burye \u201cfro aantlivrete ues\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh itnncdmite msake Tpurm teh frsti ex-ptnresedi in US hoysrti to feac cnmilrai crgehsa. Teh ceas asgtain hmi csetern on an agedlel $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pteynma mead to audtl fmil srat Sytorm Dlensai dgnrui teh flnia dyas of teh 2016 pdltnesieria cmgnpiaa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh itnncdmite msake Tpurm teh frsti ex-ptnresedi in US hoysrti to feac cnmilrai crgehsa. Teh ceas asgtain hmi csetern on an agedlel $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pteynma mead to audtl fmil srat Sytorm Dlensai dgnrui teh flnia dyas of teh 2016 pdltnesieria cmgnpiaa.", "scrambled": "Teh itnncdmite msake Tpurm teh frsti ex-ptnresedi in US hoysrti to feac cnmilrai crgehsa. Teh ceas asgtain hmi csetern on an agedlel $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pteynma mead to audtl fmil srat Sytorm Dlensai dgnrui teh flnia dyas of teh 2016 pdltnesieria cmgnpiaa.", "original": "The indictment makes Trump the first ex-president in US history to face criminal charges. The case against him centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payment made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "recovered": "Teh itnncdmite msake Tpurm teh frsti ex-ptnresedi in US hoysrti to feac cnmilrai crgehsa. Teh ceas asgtain hmi csetern on an agedlel $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pteynma mead to audtl fmil srat Sytorm Dlensai dgnrui teh flnia dyas of teh 2016 pdltnesieria cmgnpiaa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh jnuirasolt adn arotuh is sigun teh fromre pteersndi fro betyrta adn dteimoaafn, cmniagil he rdape hre in a dtemrntpea serto cagnhgni rmoo in 1996 adn thne deinde it yrsea leart. Tpmur dnesei teh chgaser adn is nto edpctexe to aeprap in ctrou.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh jnuirasolt adn arotuh is sigun teh fromre pteersndi fro betyrta adn dteimoaafn, cmniagil he rdape hre in a dtemrntpea serto cagnhgni rmoo in 1996 adn thne deinde it yrsea leart. Tpmur dnesei teh chgaser adn is nto edpctexe to aeprap in ctrou.", "scrambled": "Teh jnuirasolt adn arotuh is sigun teh fromre pteersndi fro betyrta adn dteimoaafn, cmniagil he rdape hre in a dtemrntpea serto cagnhgni rmoo in 1996 adn thne deinde it yrsea leart. Tpmur dnesei teh chgaser adn is nto edpctexe to aeprap in ctrou.", "original": "The journalist and author is suing the former president for battery and defamation, claiming he raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it years later. Trump denies the charges and is not expected to appear in court.", "recovered": "Teh jnuirasolt adn arotuh is sigun teh fromre pteersndi fro betyrta adn dteimoaafn, cmniagil he rdape hre in a dtemrntpea serto cagnhgni rmoo in 1996 adn thne deinde it yrsea leart. Tpmur dnesei teh chgaser adn is nto edpctexe to aeprap in ctrou."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lmrnakda rilugn cclusoden a 10-yrea lglea ceas in wihch teh cuopel sthoug teh rgith to \u201ca qeuti lfei\u201d adn \u201crtse\u201d at tihre heom in Ciraenm, a drtiicst wthi bsgtulni netilhfig in teh nrtrehon ctyi of Bsareci.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh lmrnakda rilugn cclusoden a 10-yrea lglea ceas in wihch teh cuopel sthoug teh rgith to \u201ca qeuti lfei\u201d adn \u201crtse\u201d at tihre heom in Ciraenm, a drtiicst wthi bsgtulni netilhfig in teh nrtrehon ctyi of Bsareci.", "scrambled": "Teh lmrnakda rilugn cclusoden a 10-yrea lglea ceas in wihch teh cuopel sthoug teh rgith to \u201ca qeuti lfei\u201d adn \u201crtse\u201d at tihre heom in Ciraenm, a drtiicst wthi bsgtulni netilhfig in teh nrtrehon ctyi of Bsareci.", "original": "The landmark ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling nightlife in the northern city of Brescia.", "recovered": "Teh lmrnakda rilugn cclusoden a 10-yrea lglea ceas in wihch teh cuopel sthoug teh rgith to \u201ca qeuti lfei\u201d adn \u201crtse\u201d at tihre heom in Ciraenm, a drtiicst wthi bsgtulni netilhfig in teh nrtrehon ctyi of Bsareci."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lsta psearsneg rdeuesc hda bene ueidps dnwo fro moer tanh trehe husro arfte teh reid sdatlel. Teh rdei hsa bene typlarroiem clsoed wleih aetriohtsui ieenaisgtvt teh tyieifnrgr odreal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh lsta psearsneg rdeuesc hda bene ueidps dnwo fro moer tanh trehe husro arfte teh reid sdatlel. Teh rdei hsa bene typlarroiem clsoed wleih aetriohtsui ieenaisgtvt teh tyieifnrgr odreal.", "scrambled": "Teh lsta psearsneg rdeuesc hda bene ueidps dnwo fro moer tanh trehe husro arfte teh reid sdatlel. Teh rdei hsa bene typlarroiem clsoed wleih aetriohtsui ieenaisgtvt teh tyieifnrgr odreal.", "original": "The last passenger rescued had been upside down for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride has been temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.", "recovered": "Teh lsta psearsneg rdeuesc hda bene ueidps dnwo fro moer tanh trehe husro arfte teh reid sdatlel. Teh rdei hsa bene typlarroiem clsoed wleih aetriohtsui ieenaisgtvt teh tyieifnrgr odreal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lsteta votycri pust Mna Ciyt jonti wthi Ansto Valli fro tlota FA Cpu telti wnsi. Teh rcdroe fro teh mtos wsni is hedl be Aslnrea, at 14, foldewlo by Mna Udt (12), adn Caheesl, Lpeolriov adn Tentotmha (all on 8).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh lsteta votycri pust Mna Ciyt jonti wthi Ansto Valli fro tlota FA Cpu telti wnsi. Teh rcdroe fro teh mtos wsni is hedl be Aslnrea, at 14, foldewlo by Mna Udt (12), adn Caheesl, Lpeolriov adn Tentotmha (all on 8).", "scrambled": "Teh lsteta votycri pust Mna Ciyt jonti wthi Ansto Valli fro tlota FA Cpu telti wnsi. Teh rcdroe fro teh mtos wsni is hedl be Aslnrea, at 14, foldewlo by Mna Udt (12), adn Caheesl, Lpeolriov adn Tentotmha (all on 8).", "original": "The latest victory puts Man City joint with Aston Villa for total FA Cup title wins. The record for the most wins is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham (all on 8).", "recovered": "Teh lsteta votycri pust Mna Ciyt jonti wthi Ansto Valli fro tlota FA Cpu telti wnsi. Teh rcdroe fro teh mtos wsni is hedl be Aslnrea, at 14, foldewlo by Mna Udt (12), adn Caheesl, Lpeolriov adn Tentotmha (all on 8)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lfosfay at Deynsi aer ste to ipctma atubo 7,000 josb, COE Bbo Irge siad tshi wkee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh lfosfay at Deynsi aer ste to ipctma atubo 7,000 josb, COE Bbo Irge siad tshi wkee.", "scrambled": "Teh lfosfay at Deynsi aer ste to ipctma atubo 7,000 josb, COE Bbo Irge siad tshi wkee.", "original": "The layoffs at Disney are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week.", "recovered": "Teh lfosfay at Deynsi aer ste to ipctma atubo 7,000 josb, COE Bbo Irge siad tshi wkee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh leuiesr adn hapiistloyt isurdtyn is snugltgrgi to rrovcee all teh wsoekrr it lsto deu to teh pcaenimd, rtenec dtaa fomr teh Bruaue of Lroba Saitssttci swohs. Tish sceotr hsa teh bisgget shaogter of weokrsr, dnow 349,000 peoelp, or 2% of teh ttaol per-pdnameci wkroeocfr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh leuiesr adn hapiistloyt isurdtyn is snugltgrgi to rrovcee all teh wsoekrr it lsto deu to teh pcaenimd, rtenec dtaa fomr teh Bruaue of Lroba Saitssttci swohs. Tish sceotr hsa teh bisgget shaogter of weokrsr, dnow 349,000 peoelp, or 2% of teh ttaol per-pdnameci wkroeocfr.", "scrambled": "Teh leuiesr adn hapiistloyt isurdtyn is snugltgrgi to rrovcee all teh wsoekrr it lsto deu to teh pcaenimd, rtenec dtaa fomr teh Bruaue of Lroba Saitssttci swohs. Tish sceotr hsa teh bisgget shaogter of weokrsr, dnow 349,000 peoelp, or 2% of teh ttaol per-pdnameci wkroeocfr.", "original": "The leisure and hospitality industry is struggling to recover all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This sector has the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce.", "recovered": "Teh leuiesr adn hapiistloyt isurdtyn is snugltgrgi to rrovcee all teh wsoekrr it lsto deu to teh pcaenimd, rtenec dtaa fomr teh Bruaue of Lroba Saitssttci swohs. Tish sceotr hsa teh bisgget shaogter of weokrsr, dnow 349,000 peoelp, or 2% of teh ttaol per-pdnameci wkroeocfr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh linftgi of Tteli 42 mnaes ttah teh US gtmnneveor wlli renrut to a deesacd-odl sioncte of teh US cdeo knwno as Telti 8, whchi Holmeadn Sityrecu Styerarec Aaldreonj Mkyraosa hsa wderan wdoul cayrr \u201cmeor seeevr\u201d cnsouqeceens fro mgitnsar fduon to be egientrn teh ctyurno unuayllwfl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh linftgi of Tteli 42 mnaes ttah teh US gtmnneveor wlli renrut to a deesacd-odl sioncte of teh US cdeo knwno as Telti 8, whchi Holmeadn Sityrecu Styerarec Aaldreonj Mkyraosa hsa wderan wdoul cayrr \u201cmeor seeevr\u201d cnsouqeceens fro mgitnsar fduon to be egientrn teh ctyurno unuayllwfl.", "scrambled": "Teh linftgi of Tteli 42 mnaes ttah teh US gtmnneveor wlli renrut to a deesacd-odl sioncte of teh US cdeo knwno as Telti 8, whchi Holmeadn Sityrecu Styerarec Aaldreonj Mkyraosa hsa wderan wdoul cayrr \u201cmeor seeevr\u201d cnsouqeceens fro mgitnsar fduon to be egientrn teh ctyurno unuayllwfl.", "original": "The lifting of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully.", "recovered": "Teh linftgi of Tteli 42 mnaes ttah teh US gtmnneveor wlli renrut to a deesacd-odl sioncte of teh US cdeo knwno as Telti 8, whchi Holmeadn Sityrecu Styerarec Aaldreonj Mkyraosa hsa wderan wdoul cayrr \u201cmeor seeevr\u201d cnsouqeceens fro mgitnsar fduon to be egientrn teh ctyurno unuayllwfl."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh myaitrjo of Cianaifolr\u2019s cutienso wree urnde a sttea of eeyenmgcr deu to eesiscvxe rina adn foodilgn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh myaitrjo of Cianaifolr\u2019s cutienso wree urnde a sttea of eeyenmgcr deu to eesiscvxe rina adn foodilgn.", "scrambled": "Teh myaitrjo of Cianaifolr\u2019s cutienso wree urnde a sttea of eeyenmgcr deu to eesiscvxe rina adn foodilgn.", "original": "The majority of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.", "recovered": "Teh myaitrjo of Cianaifolr\u2019s cutienso wree urnde a sttea of eeyenmgcr deu to eesiscvxe rina adn foodilgn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh mocociriscp rnuodwrmo, or neemdato, hda lina dtrmaon in Sianerib paetrmfsro seinc teh ltsa Iec Aeg. It wsa urehadtne fomr a fseslsdiio slequrri burwro ertcxdaet fmor teh nstthaeneorr Acticr in 2002.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh mocociriscp rnuodwrmo, or neemdato, hda lina dtrmaon in Sianerib paetrmfsro seinc teh ltsa Iec Aeg. It wsa urehadtne fomr a fseslsdiio slequrri burwro ertcxdaet fmor teh nstthaeneorr Acticr in 2002.", "scrambled": "Teh mocociriscp rnuodwrmo, or neemdato, hda lina dtrmaon in Sianerib paetrmfsro seinc teh ltsa Iec Aeg. It wsa urehadtne fomr a fseslsdiio slequrri burwro ertcxdaet fmor teh nstthaeneorr Acticr in 2002.", "original": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in Siberian permafrost since the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from the northeastern Arctic in 2002.", "recovered": "Teh mocociriscp rnuodwrmo, or neemdato, hda lina dtrmaon in Sianerib paetrmfsro seinc teh ltsa Iec Aeg. It wsa urehadtne fomr a fseslsdiio slequrri burwro ertcxdaet fmor teh nstthaeneorr Acticr in 2002."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh msingsi sctnoei dtesa bcka atosml 1,500 yrsae adn is oen of teh etlraies tosrsalniatn of teh Golpsse, adccringo to sitcentiss woh udse uolrtaitevl phohpgyaotr to fdin teh cahpter hnidde baeehtn treeh lyraes of txet on a mpsaurintc in teh Vanacti Lbirrya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh msingsi sctnoei dtesa bcka atosml 1,500 yrsae adn is oen of teh etlraies tosrsalniatn of teh Golpsse, adccringo to sitcentiss woh udse uolrtaitevl phohpgyaotr to fdin teh cahpter hnidde baeehtn treeh lyraes of txet on a mpsaurintc in teh Vanacti Lbirrya.", "scrambled": "Teh msingsi sctnoei dtesa bcka atosml 1,500 yrsae adn is oen of teh etlraies tosrsalniatn of teh Golpsse, adccringo to sitcentiss woh udse uolrtaitevl phohpgyaotr to fdin teh cahpter hnidde baeehtn treeh lyraes of txet on a mpsaurintc in teh Vanacti Lbirrya.", "original": "The missing section dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet photography to find the chapter hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican Library.", "recovered": "Teh msingsi sctnoei dtesa bcka atosml 1,500 yrsae adn is oen of teh etlraies tosrsalniatn of teh Golpsse, adccringo to sitcentiss woh udse uolrtaitevl phohpgyaotr to fdin teh cahpter hnidde baeehtn treeh lyraes of txet on a mpsaurintc in teh Vanacti Lbirrya."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh nwe Cvido-19 vecscina, wchih shlduo be raedy by teh edn of Srepbmeet, will be mdea alabaevil diectylr fomr teh mutusreacarfn on teh ceomlmrcai meatkr, rhatre thna troughh teh US grnmtvneoe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh nwe Cvido-19 vecscina, wchih shlduo be raedy by teh edn of Srepbmeet, will be mdea alabaevil diectylr fomr teh mutusreacarfn on teh ceomlmrcai meatkr, rhatre thna troughh teh US grnmtvneoe.", "scrambled": "Teh nwe Cvido-19 vecscina, wchih shlduo be raedy by teh edn of Srepbmeet, will be mdea alabaevil diectylr fomr teh mutusreacarfn on teh ceomlmrcai meatkr, rhatre thna troughh teh US grnmtvneoe.", "original": "The new Covid-19 vaccines, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "recovered": "Teh nwe Cvido-19 vecscina, wchih shlduo be raedy by teh edn of Srepbmeet, will be mdea alabaevil diectylr fomr teh mutusreacarfn on teh ceomlmrcai meatkr, rhatre thna troughh teh US grnmtvneoe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh nywel ancoundne csat of teh unpcoimg ehgti-prta sresei \u2013 ste in teh ctu-thotar wdrlo of idenenpdtne teeisinovl in 1980s Enlgadn \u2013 asol ilnuecsd Aiadn Tenrur, Creali Rkrboosuh, Orevil Csihr adn Eilmy Aatkc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh nywel ancoundne csat of teh unpcoimg ehgti-prta sresei \u2013 ste in teh ctu-thotar wdrlo of idenenpdtne teeisinovl in 1980s Enlgadn \u2013 asol ilnuecsd Aiadn Tenrur, Creali Rkrboosuh, Orevil Csihr adn Eilmy Aatkc.", "scrambled": "Teh nywel ancoundne csat of teh unpcoimg ehgti-prta sresei \u2013 ste in teh ctu-thotar wdrlo of idenenpdtne teeisinovl in 1980s Enlgadn \u2013 asol ilnuecsd Aiadn Tenrur, Creali Rkrboosuh, Orevil Csihr adn Eilmy Aatkc.", "original": "The newly announced cast of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 also includes Aidan Turner, Claire Rushbrook, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.", "recovered": "Teh nywel ancoundne csat of teh unpcoimg ehgti-prta sresei \u2013 ste in teh ctu-thotar wdrlo of idenenpdtne teeisinovl in 1980s Enlgadn \u2013 asol ilnuecsd Aiadn Tenrur, Creali Rkrboosuh, Orevil Csihr adn Eilmy Aatkc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh oli adn gsa canymop hsa bene aesdcuc of a \u201cpeoiigernrft bnaznoa\u201d aeftr mkngia elntivuaeq to \u00a3986 pre sneocd in teh frtsi qeturra of 2023, as hohlousesd sturlgeg wthi a csto-of-lgnivi crsisi llaeryg dveirn by itdnfael eernyg bllis. BP tsih weke acondunne psftrio of \u00a34bn fro teh seam pderoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh oli adn gsa canymop hsa bene aesdcuc of a \u201cpeoiigernrft bnaznoa\u201d aeftr mkngia elntivuaeq to \u00a3986 pre sneocd in teh frtsi qeturra of 2023, as hohlousesd sturlgeg wthi a csto-of-lgnivi crsisi llaeryg dveirn by itdnfael eernyg bllis. BP tsih weke acondunne psftrio of \u00a34bn fro teh seam pderoi.", "scrambled": "Teh oli adn gsa canymop hsa bene aesdcuc of a \u201cpeoiigernrft bnaznoa\u201d aeftr mkngia elntivuaeq to \u00a3986 pre sneocd in teh frtsi qeturra of 2023, as hohlousesd sturlgeg wthi a csto-of-lgnivi crsisi llaeryg dveirn by itdnfael eernyg bllis. BP tsih weke acondunne psftrio of \u00a34bn fro teh seam pderoi.", "original": "The oil and gas company has been accused of a \u201cprofiteering bonanza\u201d after making equivalent to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as households struggle with a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period.", "recovered": "Teh oli adn gsa canymop hsa bene aesdcuc of a \u201cpeoiigernrft bnaznoa\u201d aeftr mkngia elntivuaeq to \u00a3986 pre sneocd in teh frtsi qeturra of 2023, as hohlousesd sturlgeg wthi a csto-of-lgnivi crsisi llaeryg dveirn by itdnfael eernyg bllis. BP tsih weke acondunne psftrio of \u00a34bn fro teh seam pderoi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh oporeatr of teh bsu reuot, whcih tmnaesietr at teh Pshilo sadisee rrtoes of Hle, is mkgani teh nmae cgehan fgownloil psrrseeu fmro riulisgeo gorsup. Fro mreo odd adn ucxenetdep nwse, sgni up to teh Tlal Tsela netltwrsee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh oporeatr of teh bsu reuot, whcih tmnaesietr at teh Pshilo sadisee rrtoes of Hle, is mkgani teh nmae cgehan fgownloil psrrseeu fmro riulisgeo gorsup. Fro mreo odd adn ucxenetdep nwse, sgni up to teh Tlal Tsela netltwrsee.", "scrambled": "Teh oporeatr of teh bsu reuot, whcih tmnaesietr at teh Pshilo sadisee rrtoes of Hle, is mkgani teh nmae cgehan fgownloil psrrseeu fmro riulisgeo gorsup. Fro mreo odd adn ucxenetdep nwse, sgni up to teh Tlal Tsela netltwrsee.", "original": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Polish seaside resort of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Teh oporeatr of teh bsu reuot, whcih tmnaesietr at teh Pshilo sadisee rrtoes of Hle, is mkgani teh nmae cgehan fgownloil psrrseeu fmro riulisgeo gorsup. Fro mreo odd adn ucxenetdep nwse, sgni up to teh Tlal Tsela netltwrsee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh owsl hvae bnee nemda Alx, afret ftmaonnr Alx Reso, adn Shlas, in horuon of teh badn\u2019s gsraituti, arfte bgine fuodn uerdn teh sgeat dgrniu teh bdna\u2019s hnealedi ste at teh fesltaiv. Fro mreo odd adn ueetcxpdne nswe, sngi up to teh Tlal Tslea neewerltst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh owsl hvae bnee nemda Alx, afret ftmaonnr Alx Reso, adn Shlas, in horuon of teh badn\u2019s gsraituti, arfte bgine fuodn uerdn teh sgeat dgrniu teh bdna\u2019s hnealedi ste at teh fesltaiv. Fro mreo odd adn ueetcxpdne nswe, sngi up to teh Tlal Tslea neewerltst.", "scrambled": "Teh owsl hvae bnee nemda Alx, afret ftmaonnr Alx Reso, adn Shlas, in horuon of teh badn\u2019s gsraituti, arfte bgine fuodn uerdn teh sgeat dgrniu teh bdna\u2019s hnealedi ste at teh fesltaiv. Fro mreo odd adn ueetcxpdne nswe, sngi up to teh Tlal Tslea neewerltst.", "original": "The owls have been named Axl, after frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s guitarist, after being found under the stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Teh owsl hvae bnee nemda Alx, afret ftmaonnr Alx Reso, adn Shlas, in horuon of teh badn\u2019s gsraituti, arfte bgine fuodn uerdn teh sgeat dgrniu teh bdna\u2019s hnealedi ste at teh fesltaiv. Fro mreo odd adn ueetcxpdne nswe, sngi up to teh Tlal Tslea neewerltst."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ptary\u2019s curertn salogn, \u201cBidlu a bertte Braitin\u201d, wsa idoendcrtu in Mchra. Rcteen YoGuvo plilgno fnduo tath alotsm hlfa of Btorisn tknhi Samretr hsa flieda to ste otu a calre vsniio fro teh pytra in hsi trhee ysrea as leraed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh ptary\u2019s curertn salogn, \u201cBidlu a bertte Braitin\u201d, wsa idoendcrtu in Mchra. Rcteen YoGuvo plilgno fnduo tath alotsm hlfa of Btorisn tknhi Samretr hsa flieda to ste otu a calre vsniio fro teh pytra in hsi trhee ysrea as leraed.", "scrambled": "Teh ptary\u2019s curertn salogn, \u201cBidlu a bertte Braitin\u201d, wsa idoendcrtu in Mchra. Rcteen YoGuvo plilgno fnduo tath alotsm hlfa of Btorisn tknhi Samretr hsa flieda to ste otu a calre vsniio fro teh pytra in hsi trhee ysrea as leraed.", "original": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was introduced in March. Recent YouGov polling found that almost half of Britons think Starmer has failed to set out a clear vision for the party in his three years as leader.", "recovered": "Teh ptary\u2019s curertn salogn, \u201cBidlu a bertte Braitin\u201d, wsa idoendcrtu in Mchra. Rcteen YoGuvo plilgno fnduo tath alotsm hlfa of Btorisn tknhi Samretr hsa flieda to ste otu a calre vsniio fro teh pytra in hsi trhee ysrea as leraed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh pirme mrtieins is unred itsnaoiventig by Plarneimat\u2019s sazeel wgdhcota oevr aoilasgtlen of a pslesibo frueali to daecelr sarshe hdel by hsi weif in a cdahercli ancgye btsdoeo by teh rntece Bgtdeu. Sukna hsa aols fdcae sntiurcy orve issseu ilgnnicud hsi wfei\u2019s nno-dmo txa sutsat, hsi US geenr cdra adn hsi dgo-wilagnk hbiats.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh pirme mrtieins is unred itsnaoiventig by Plarneimat\u2019s sazeel wgdhcota oevr aoilasgtlen of a pslesibo frueali to daecelr sarshe hdel by hsi weif in a cdahercli ancgye btsdoeo by teh rntece Bgtdeu. Sukna hsa aols fdcae sntiurcy orve issseu ilgnnicud hsi wfei\u2019s nno-dmo txa sutsat, hsi US geenr cdra adn hsi dgo-wilagnk hbiats.", "scrambled": "Teh pirme mrtieins is unred itsnaoiventig by Plarneimat\u2019s sazeel wgdhcota oevr aoilasgtlen of a pslesibo frueali to daecelr sarshe hdel by hsi weif in a cdahercli ancgye btsdoeo by teh rntece Bgtdeu. Sukna hsa aols fdcae sntiurcy orve issseu ilgnnicud hsi wfei\u2019s nno-dmo txa sutsat, hsi US geenr cdra adn hsi dgo-wilagnk hbiats.", "original": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze watchdog over allegations of a possible failure to declare shares held by his wife in a childcare agency boosted by the recent Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny over issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and his dog-walking habits.", "recovered": "Teh pirme mrtieins is unred itsnaoiventig by Plarneimat\u2019s sazeel wgdhcota oevr aoilasgtlen of a pslesibo frueali to daecelr sarshe hdel by hsi weif in a cdahercli ancgye btsdoeo by teh rntece Bgtdeu. Sukna hsa aols fdcae sntiurcy orve issseu ilgnnicud hsi wfei\u2019s nno-dmo txa sutsat, hsi US geenr cdra adn hsi dgo-wilagnk hbiats."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rcaseerh fdoun tath mne snpte \u00a3920 on aevagre fro ciaeborelstn in teh UK, whlei wmneo tlycliapy pida \u00a3652. Fro a stga or hne do aodrab, mne spten an araeveg of \u00a31,256, wheil wmeno froedk otu \u00a31,158.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh rcaseerh fdoun tath mne snpte \u00a3920 on aevagre fro ciaeborelstn in teh UK, whlei wmneo tlycliapy pida \u00a3652. Fro a stga or hne do aodrab, mne spten an araeveg of \u00a31,256, wheil wmeno froedk otu \u00a31,158.", "scrambled": "Teh rcaseerh fdoun tath mne snpte \u00a3920 on aevagre fro ciaeborelstn in teh UK, whlei wmneo tlycliapy pida \u00a3652. Fro a stga or hne do aodrab, mne spten an araeveg of \u00a31,256, wheil wmeno froedk otu \u00a31,158.", "original": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for celebrations in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women forked out \u00a31,158.", "recovered": "Teh rcaseerh fdoun tath mne snpte \u00a3920 on aevagre fro ciaeborelstn in teh UK, whlei wmneo tlycliapy pida \u00a3652. Fro a stga or hne do aodrab, mne spten an araeveg of \u00a31,256, wheil wmeno froedk otu \u00a31,158."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rdeevis sgrettya iusnclde dsezon of meserusa rgannig fmro ignsicaern UK wndi, srlao adn neclrua eynger to itinvesgn in cnroba catrepu adn sgrteao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh rdeevis sgrettya iusnclde dsezon of meserusa rgannig fmro ignsicaern UK wndi, srlao adn neclrua eynger to itinvesgn in cnroba caterpu adn sgrteao.", "scrambled": "Teh rdeevis sgrettya iusnclde dsezon of meserusa rgannig fmro ignsicaern UK wndi, srlao adn neclrua eynger to itinvesgn in cnroba catrepu adn sgrteao.", "original": "The revised strategy includes dozens of measures ranging from increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to investing in carbon capture and storage.", "recovered": "Teh rdeevis sgrettya iusnclde dsezon of meserusa rgannig fmro ignsicaern UK wndi, srlao adn neclrua eynger to itinvesgn in cnroba caterpu adn sgrteao."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rcok satr\u2019s crcoent in Faerarr, wtih a cowdr of 50,000 fasn, drwe cmitrcsii fmro a loalc criconlolu woh dmeeed it iienventssi to teh \u201cpian, dstaneoiper, adn dfcsiiueflti\u201d fcade by fdool eucvseae naer teh wsotr of teh detiassr, meyler 30 mlsie aayw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh rcok satr\u2019s crcoent in Faerarr, wtih a cowdr of 50,000 fasn, drwe cmitrcsii fmro a loalc criconlolu woh dmeeed it iienventssi to teh \u201cpian, dstaneoiper, adn dfcsiiueflti\u201d fcade by fdool eucvseae naer teh wsotr of teh detiassr, meyler 30 mlsie aayw.", "scrambled": "Teh rcok satr\u2019s crcoent in Faerarr, wtih a cowdr of 50,000 fasn, drwe cmitrcsii fmro a loalc criconlolu woh dmeeed it iienventssi to teh \u201cpian, dstaneoiper, adn dfcsiiueflti\u201d fcade by fdool eucvseae naer teh wsotr of teh detiassr, meyler 30 mlsie aayw.", "original": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "recovered": "Teh rcok satr\u2019s crcoent in Faerarr, wtih a cowdr of 50,000 fasn, drwe cmitrcsii fmro a loalc criconlolu woh dmeeed it iienventssi to teh \u201cpian, dstaneoiper, adn dfcsiiueflti\u201d fcade by fdool eucvseae naer teh wsotr of teh detiassr, meyler 30 mlsie aayw."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rsule wloud ruereqi etirlcce vhlcesei to aonctcu fro up to tow-tdhisr of nwe crsa sldo in teh US by 2032 in wtha wlodu be oen of teh Bdnie aninmtdsroiiat\u2019s mtos avgrgsesie catlemi-cehnga psliieco yte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh rsule wloud ruereqi etirlcce vhlcesei to aonctcu fro up to tow-tdhisr of nwe crsa sldo in teh US by 2032 in wtha wlodu be oen of teh Bdnie aninmtdsroiiat\u2019s mtos avgrgsesie catlemi-cehnga psliieco yte.", "scrambled": "Teh rsule wloud ruereqi etirlcce vhlcesei to aonctcu fro up to tow-tdhisr of nwe crsa sldo in teh US by 2032 in wtha wlodu be oen of teh Bdnie aninmtdsroiiat\u2019s mtos avgrgsesie catlemi-cehnga psliieco yte.", "original": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies yet.", "recovered": "Teh rsule wloud ruereqi etirlcce vhlcesei to aonctcu fro up to tow-tdhisr of nwe crsa sldo in teh US by 2032 in wtha wlodu be oen of teh Bdnie aninmtdsroiiat\u2019s mtos avgrgsesie catlemi-cehnga psliieco yte."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh sxi-prta swoh, hdetso by Aann Rsdhnciora, fsateeru asuldt rnmgevio theri coslteh in fntor of teeaengsr, spkainrg cirtciims frmo virsewe adn Csnervovteai MsP.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh sxi-prta swoh, hdetso by Aann Rsdhnciora, fsateeru asuldt rnmgevio theri coslteh in fntor of teeaengsr, spkainrg cirtciims frmo virsewe adn Csnervovteai MsP.", "scrambled": "Teh sxi-prta swoh, hdetso by Aann Rsdhnciora, fsateeru asuldt rnmgevio theri coslteh in fntor of teeaengsr, spkainrg cirtciims frmo virsewe adn Csnervovteai MsP.", "original": "The six-part show, hosted by Anna Richardson, features adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from viewers and Conservative MPs.", "recovered": "Teh sxi-prta swoh, hdetso by Aann Rsdhnciora, fsateeru asuldt rnmgevio theri coslteh in fntor of teeaengsr, spkainrg cirtciims frmo virsewe adn Csnervovteai MsP."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh so-cellda \u201cccoenai hpospi\u201d aer dscaeedsntn of furo buhtogr to Claiobom by leat dugrdlor Plabo Eorasbc. Wngsanri thta tehy peos a siurose tahrte to hnsuma adn oehrt wldifiel heav iidseefinnt aretf a nwe cenuss fdnou ttha teh ivaesnvi hpoip pnpoilotau hsa eddpnxae to up to 215.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh so-cellda \u201cccoenai hpospi\u201d aer dscaeedsntn of furo buhtogr to Claiobom by leat dugrdlor Plabo Eorasbc. Wngsanri thta tehy peos a siurose tahrte to hnsuma adn oehrt wldifiel heav iidseefinnt aretf a nwe cenuss fdnou ttha teh ivaesnvi hpoip pnpoilotau hsa eddpnxae to up to 215.", "scrambled": "Teh so-cellda \u201cccoenai hpospi\u201d aer dscaeedsntn of furo buhtogr to Claiobom by leat dugrdlor Plabo Eorasbc. Wngsanri thta tehy peos a siurose tahrte to hnsuma adn oehrt wldifiel heav iidseefinnt aretf a nwe cenuss fdnou ttha teh ivaesnvi hpoip pnpoilotau hsa eddpnxae to up to 215.", "original": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by late druglord Pablo Escobar. Warnings that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have intensified after a new census found that the invasive hippo population has expanded to up to 215.", "recovered": "Teh so-cellda \u201cccoenai hpospi\u201d aer dscaeedsntn of furo buhtogr to Claiobom by leat dugrdlor Plabo Eorasbc. Wngsanri thta tehy peos a siurose tahrte to hnsuma adn oehrt wldifiel heav iidseefinnt aretf a nwe cenuss fdnou ttha teh ivaesnvi hpoip pnpoilotau hsa eddpnxae to up to 215."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh strat of teh seigrn\u2019s wldro tuor in Solhoktmc lsta mtohn tgegdrier a seikp in dandme at htsloe adn rtesaausnrt tath hsa nwo bnee lndike to hreihg-tanh-eexdetcp intonilaf of 9.7% in Mya. Fro meor odd adn ucpetxende nwse, sngi up to teh Tall Talse nlreesetwt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh strat of teh seigrn\u2019s wldro tuor in Solhoktmc lsta mtohn tgegdrier a seikp in dandme at htsloe adn rtesaausnrt tath hsa nwo bnee lndike to hreihg-tanh-eexdetcp intonilaf of 9.7% in Mya. Fro meor odd adn ucpetxende nwse, sngi up to teh Tall Talse nlreesetwt.", "scrambled": "Teh strat of teh seigrn\u2019s wldro tuor in Solhoktmc lsta mtohn tgegdrier a seikp in dandme at htsloe adn rtesaausnrt tath hsa nwo bnee lndike to hreihg-tanh-eexdetcp intonilaf of 9.7% in Mya. Fro meor odd adn ucpetxende nwse, sngi up to teh Tall Talse nlreesetwt.", "original": "The start of the singer\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month triggered a spike in demand at hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-expected inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Teh strat of teh seigrn\u2019s wldro tuor in Solhoktmc lsta mtohn tgegdrier a seikp in dandme at htsloe adn rtesaausnrt tath hsa nwo bnee lndike to hreihg-tanh-eexdetcp intonilaf of 9.7% in Mya. Fro meor odd adn ucpetxende nwse, sngi up to teh Tall Talse nlreesetwt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh somrts wree rereodtp arcsos Oahlmoka, Knsaas adn Ioaw, wiht teh msto dmgeaa repdeort in Omkoahal, aidroccgn to ofcisalfi. At lseta furo cimordfne teosondra mevdo aocssr teh saett adn kencokd otu peorw fro atbou 20,000 heosm adn busneesiss.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh somrts wree rereodtp arcsos Oahlmoka, Knsaas adn Ioaw, wiht teh msto dmgeaa repdeort in Omkoahal, aidroccgn to ofcisalfi. At lseta furo cimordfne teosondra mevdo aocssr teh saett adn kencokd otu peorw fro atbou 20,000 heosm adn busneesiss.", "scrambled": "Teh somrts wree rereodtp arcsos Oahlmoka, Knsaas adn Ioaw, wiht teh msto dmgeaa repdeort in Omkoahal, aidroccgn to ofcisalfi. At lseta furo cimordfne teosondra mevdo aocssr teh saett adn kencokd otu peorw fro atbou 20,000 heosm adn busneesiss.", "original": "The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. At least four confirmed tornadoes moved across the state and knocked out power for about 20,000 homes and businesses.", "recovered": "Teh somrts wree rereodtp arcsos Oahlmoka, Knsaas adn Ioaw, wiht teh msto dmgeaa repdeort in Omkoahal, aidroccgn to ofcisalfi. At lseta furo cimordfne teosondra mevdo aocssr teh saett adn kencokd otu peorw fro atbou 20,000 heosm adn busneesiss."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh stimpnug by Aaslaiutr\u2019s Axel Cyear tdegrgeri uoprra amogn fnsa, woh adegru thta wiehl aewodll urden ccrtiek rseul, teh mveo wsa nto in teh \u201csiitrp of teh gema\u201d. Ciitsrc iugndicln Gfyroeef Bttoocy hvae caeldl on Aaistrlua to aseioolpg, wlhie teh railv tame cminpdeoal of \u201caivsegergs adn aievsbu\u201d buaeroihv by Mnoyrbelea Ckertci Cbul (MCC) mbeemrs fwnilgolo Braswoit\u2019s dssmilasi in Syaudn\u2019s snoedc Asesh Ttes at Ldor\u2019s.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh stimpnug by Aaslaiutr\u2019s Axel Cyear tdegrgeri uoprra amogn fnsa, woh adegru thta wiehl aewodll urden ccrtiek rseul, teh mveo wsa nto in teh \u201csiitrp of teh gema\u201d. Ciitsrc iugndicln Gfyroeef Bttoocy hvae caeldl on Aaistrlua to aseioolpg, wlhie teh railv tame cminpdeoal of \u201caivsegergs adn aievsbu\u201d buaeroihv by Mnoyrbelea Ckertci Cbul (MCC) mbeemrs fwnilgolo Brasw", "scrambled": "Teh stimpnug by Aaslaiutr\u2019s Axel Cyear tdegrgeri uoprra amogn fnsa, woh adegru thta wiehl aewodll urden ccrtiek rseul, teh mveo wsa nto in teh \u201csiitrp of teh gema\u201d. Ciitsrc iugndicln Gfyroeef Bttoocy hvae caeldl on Aaistrlua to aseioolpg, wlhie teh railv tame cminpdeoal of \u201caivsegergs adn aievsbu\u201d buaeroihv by Mnoyrbelea Ckertci Cbul (MCC) mbeemrs fwnilgolo Braswoit\u2019s dssmilasi in Syaudn\u2019s snoedc Asesh Ttes at Ldor\u2019s.", "original": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Alex Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Critics including Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to apologise, while the rival team complained of \u201caggressive and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members following Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s second Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.", "recovered": "Teh stimpnug by Aaslaiutr\u2019s Axel Cyear tdegrgeri uoprra amogn fnsa, woh adegru thta wiehl aewodll urden ccrtiek rseul, teh mveo wsa nto in teh \u201csiitrp of teh gema\u201d. Ciitsrc iugndicln Gfyroeef Bttoocy hvae caeldl on Aaistrlua to aseioolpg, wlhie teh railv tame cminpdeoal of \u201caivsegergs adn aievsbu\u201d buaeroihv by Mnoyrbelea Ckertci Cbul (MCC) mbeemrs fwnilgolo Brasw"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh sntgnniu cllpsoea of tow Aimnraec bsank \u2013 Scnilio Vyaell Bkan adn Sitrugena Bnka \u2013 lde to widl mtkear sgsinw aertf aarnmgli Wlla Setert ivostnesr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh sntgnniu cllpsoea of tow Aimnraec bsank \u2013 Scnilio Vyaell Bkan adn Sitrugena Bnka \u2013 lde to widl mtkear sgsinw aertf aarnmgli Wlla Setert ivostnesr.", "scrambled": "Teh sntgnniu cllpsoea of tow Aimnraec bsank \u2013 Scnilio Vyaell Bkan adn Sitrugena Bnka \u2013 lde to widl mtkear sgsinw aertf aarnmgli Wlla Setert ivostnesr.", "original": "The stunning collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank \u2013 led to wild market swings after alarming Wall Street investors.", "recovered": "Teh sntgnniu cllpsoea of tow Aimnraec bsank \u2013 Scnilio Vyaell Bkan adn Sitrugena Bnka \u2013 lde to widl mtkear sgsinw aertf aarnmgli Wlla Setert ivostnesr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh svyuer of 22,000 austdl in 29 cesuontri fdonu ttha Bsitr hda teh tihrd msot psvtoeii aduttite to rgeefsue, arfte Snipa adn Nwe Zdaeanl. Teh gblaol areagev of alsutd woh beelvei rgsueeef mkea a \u201cpovteisi ciiuttnonorb\u201d wsa 45%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh svyuer of 22,000 austdl in 29 cesuontri fdonu ttha Bsitr hda teh tihrd msot psvtoeii aduttite to rgeefsue, arfte Snipa adn Nwe Zdaeanl. Teh gblaol areagev of alsutd woh beelvei rgsueeef mkea a \u201cpovteisi ciiuttnonorb\u201d wsa 45%.", "scrambled": "Teh svyuer of 22,000 austdl in 29 cesuontri fdonu ttha Bsitr hda teh tihrd msot psvtoeii aduttite to rgeefsue, arfte Snipa adn Nwe Zdaeanl. Teh gblaol areagev of alsutd woh beelvei rgsueeef mkea a \u201cpovteisi ciiuttnonorb\u201d wsa 45%.", "original": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Spain and New Zealand. The global average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%.", "recovered": "Teh svyuer of 22,000 austdl in 29 cesuontri fdonu ttha Bsitr hda teh tihrd msot psvtoeii aduttite to rgeefsue, arfte Snipa adn Nwe Zdaeanl. Teh gblaol areagev of alsutd woh beelvei rgsueeef mkea a \u201cpovteisi ciiuttnonorb\u201d wsa 45%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh tehc lrdasee cldale fro a pusea in teh \u201cotu of ctornol\u201d aliciiraft inellgentcei rcea. Teh lrtete siad AI lsba aer rgniush to dvelepo adn dolype \u201cerve meor plwruofe dlaigit mdsin tath no oen \u2013 nto evne terhi croersat \u2013 cna utreddsnna, pdtirce, or raeyilbl cloonrt.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh tehc lrdasee cldale fro a pusea in teh \u201cotu of ctornol\u201d aliciiraft inellgentcei rcea. Teh lrtete siad AI lsba aer rgniush to dvelepo adn dolype \u201cerve meor plwruofe dlaigit mdsin tath no oen \u2013 nto evne terhi croersat \u2013 cna utreddsnna, pdtirce, or raeyilbl cloonrt.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh tehc lrdasee cldale fro a pusea in teh \u201cotu of ctornol\u201d aliciiraft inellgentcei rcea. Teh lrtete siad AI lsba aer rgniush to dvelepo adn dolype \u201cerve meor plwruofe dlaigit mdsin tath no oen \u2013 nto evne terhi croersat \u2013 cna utreddsnna, pdtirce, or raeyilbl cloonrt.\u201d.", "original": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence race. The letter said AI labs are rushing to develop and deploy \u201cever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh tehc lrdasee cldale fro a pusea in teh \u201cotu of ctornol\u201d aliciiraft inellgentcei rcea. Teh lrtete siad AI lsba aer rgniush to dvelepo adn dolype \u201cerve meor plwruofe dlaigit mdsin tath no oen \u2013 nto evne terhi croersat \u2013 cna utreddsnna, pdtirce, or raeyilbl cloonrt.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh tlria oevr a 2016 sinkig actdceni ilngovniv Gtnwyhe Potwlra bnaeg thsi wkee. A 76-yaer-odl mna aelesgl Prowtal \u201csedik otu of coontlr\u201d adn rna iont hmi, csiugan srosieu ieujnsri. Teh aessrct, on teh othre hdan, felid a cuutistreno alggeiln teh mna rna iont hre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh tlria oevr a 2016 sinkig actdceni ilngovniv Gtnwyhe Potwlra bnaeg thsi wkee. A 76-yaer-odl mna aelesgl Prowtal \u201csedik otu of coontlr\u201d adn rna iont hmi, csiugan srosieu ieujnsri. Teh aessrct, on teh othre hdan, felid a cuutistreno alggeiln teh mna rna iont hre.", "scrambled": "Teh tlria oevr a 2016 sinkig actdceni ilngovniv Gtnwyhe Potwlra bnaeg thsi wkee. A 76-yaer-odl mna aelesgl Prowtal \u201csedik otu of coontlr\u201d adn rna iont hmi, csiugan srosieu ieujnsri. Teh aessrct, on teh othre hdan, felid a cuutistreno alggeiln teh mna rna iont hre.", "original": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving Gwyneth Paltrow began this week. A 76-year-old man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The actress, on the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.", "recovered": "Teh tlria oevr a 2016 sinkig actdceni ilngovniv Gtnwyhe Potwlra bnaeg thsi wkee. A 76-yaer-odl mna aelesgl Prowtal \u201csedik otu of coontlr\u201d adn rna iont hmi, csiugan srosieu ieujnsri. Teh aessrct, on teh othre hdan, felid a cuutistreno alggeiln teh mna rna iont hre."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ucnerwde eonrveda, knwno as teh Pchyes moisnsi, will sned teh ftrsi NAAS sfcacertpa dsnedige to suydt a mtillcae adoirtse. It is ste to luahnc in Obretco, NAAS sdai.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh ucnerwde eonrveda, knwno as teh Pchyes moisnsi, will sned teh ftrsi NAAS sfcacertpa dsnedige to suydt a mtillcae adoirtse. It is ste to luahnc in Obretco, NAAS sdai.", "scrambled": "Teh ucnerwde eonrveda, knwno as teh Pchyes moisnsi, will sned teh ftrsi NAAS sfcacertpa dsnedige to suydt a mtillcae adoirtse. It is ste to luahnc in Obretco, NAAS sdai.", "original": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will send the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said.", "recovered": "Teh ucnerwde eonrveda, knwno as teh Pchyes moisnsi, will sned teh ftrsi NAAS sfcacertpa dsnedige to suydt a mtillcae adoirtse. It is ste to luahnc in Obretco, NAAS sdai."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ueeniiditndf direbs is aoutb teh szie of a slmla cra adn wsa fundo wheads up on a reetom bchae semo 150 mlsie nhrot of Pehrt. Diesbr hsa bene acnigcru in sapce aunodr oru pntale scine teh fsitr rtkeoc lunhseca in teh laet 1950s, whit an eaemidstt 36,500 oescjtb grtraee tnah 10cm in nrea-Erhat otirb, acgdrnico to teh Erapenou Spcea Aecygn (EAS).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh ueeniiditndf direbs is aoutb teh szie of a slmla cra adn wsa fundo wheads up on a reetom bchae semo 150 mlsie nhrot of Pehrt. Diesbr hsa bene acnigcru in sapce aunodr oru pntale scine teh fsitr rtkeoc lunhseca in teh laet 1950s, whit an eaemidstt 36,500 oescjtb grtraee tnah 10cm in nrea-Erhat otirb, acgdrnico to teh Erapenou Spcea Aecygn (EAS).", "scrambled": "Teh ueeniiditndf direbs is aoutb teh szie of a slmla cra adn wsa fundo wheads up on a reetom bchae semo 150 mlsie nhrot of Pehrt. Diesbr hsa bene acnigcru in sapce aunodr oru pntale scine teh fsitr rtkeoc lunhseca in teh laet 1950s, whit an eaemidstt 36,500 oescjtb grtraee tnah 10cm in nrea-Erhat otirb, acgdrnico to teh Erapenou Spcea Aecygn (EAS).", "original": "The unidentified debris is about the size of a small car and was found washed up on a remote beach some 150 miles north of Perth. Debris has been accruing in space around our planet since the first rocket launches in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "recovered": "Teh ueeniiditndf direbs is aoutb teh szie of a slmla cra adn wsa fundo wheads up on a reetom bchae semo 150 mlsie nhrot of Pehrt. Diesbr hsa bene acnigcru in sapce aunodr oru pntale scine teh fsitr rtkeoc lunhseca in teh laet 1950s, whit an eaemidstt 36,500 oescjtb grtraee tnah 10cm in nrea-Erhat otirb, acgdrnico to teh Erapenou Spcea Aecygn (EAS)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh veiod atackt ad wsa cedtrea ungis acarlfiiti ineitlcleneg adn dcsitep \u201ca scendo Bdeni trme pdleagu by diasrtses\u201d, sida Qtaurz.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh veiod atackt ad wsa cedtrea ungis acarlfiiti ineitlcleneg adn dcsitep \u201ca scendo Bdeni trme pdleagu by diasrtses\u201d, sida Qtaurz.", "scrambled": "Teh veiod atackt ad wsa cedtrea ungis acarlfiiti ineitlcleneg adn dcsitep \u201ca scendo Bdeni trme pdleagu by diasrtses\u201d, sida Qtaurz.", "original": "The video attack ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by disasters\u201d, said Quartz.", "recovered": "Teh veiod atackt ad wsa cedtrea ungis acarlfiiti ineitlcleneg adn dcsitep \u201ca scendo Bdeni trme pdleagu by diasrtses\u201d, sida Qtaurz."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh wldro\u2019s hestppai crtynuo is Fiandln, aircdncgo to teh aaulnn Wlrdo Hssneiapp Reotrp, wchih rsnak crsnituoe baeds llagrye on lfie eavoatsuinl fomr teh Gaplul Wldor Plol. Teh US, Fcaenr, adn Inderla ddi nto crcka teh tpo 10.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh wldro\u2019s hestppai crtynuo is Fiandln, aircdncgo to teh aaulnn Wlrdo Hssneiapp Reotrp, wchih rsnak crsnituoe baeds llagrye on lfie eavoatsuinl fomr teh Gaplul Wldor Plol. Teh US, Fcaenr, adn Inderla ddi nto crcka teh tpo 10.", "scrambled": "Teh wldro\u2019s hestppai crtynuo is Fiandln, aircdncgo to teh aaulnn Wlrdo Hssneiapp Reotrp, wchih rsnak crsnituoe baeds llagrye on lfie eavoatsuinl fomr teh Gaplul Wldor Plol. Teh US, Fcaenr, adn Inderla ddi nto crcka teh tpo 10.", "original": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on life evaluations from the Gallup World Poll. The US, France, and Ireland did not crack the top 10.", "recovered": "Teh wldro\u2019s hestppai crtynuo is Fiandln, aircdncgo to teh aaulnn Wlrdo Hssneiapp Reotrp, wchih rsnak crsnituoe baeds llagrye on lfie eavoatsuinl fomr teh Gaplul Wldor Plol. Teh US, Fcaenr, adn Inderla ddi nto crcka teh tpo 10."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ythou-odteeirn nesw orgonintaias, onec hldiae as oen of teh msto eixtncig maedi sartt-usp in teh iudrnsty, hsa rentleyc flide fro bpnkaycurt in teh US. Tish trnu of eetsnv mkrsa a signatcfnii dlawnofl, cdirnongeis tath it wsa ocen vuadel at naryle $6 boinill. Fdni otu meor on teh laetst eisdpeo of \u201cTeh Weke Updwreapn\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh ythou-odteeirn nesw orgonintaias, onec hldiae as oen of teh msto eixtncig maedi sartt-usp in teh iudrnsty, hsa rentleyc flide fro bpnkaycurt in teh US. Tish trnu of eetsnv mkrsa a signatcfnii dlawnofl, cdirnongeis tath it wsa ocen vuadel at naryle $6 boinill. Fdni otu meor on teh laetst eisdpeo of \u201cTeh Weke Updwreapn\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh ythou-odteeirn nesw orgonintaias, onec hldiae as oen of teh msto eixtncig maedi sartt-usp in teh iudrnsty, hsa rentleyc flide fro bpnkaycurt in teh US. Tish trnu of eetsnv mkrsa a signatcfnii dlawnofl, cdirnongeis tath it wsa ocen vuadel at naryle $6 boinill. Fdni otu meor on teh laetst eisdpeo of \u201cTeh Weke Updwreapn\u201d.", "original": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downfall, considering that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "recovered": "Teh ythou-odteeirn nesw orgonintaias, onec hldiae as oen of teh msto eixtncig maedi sartt-usp in teh iudrnsty, hsa rentleyc flide fro bpnkaycurt in teh US. Tish trnu of eetsnv mkrsa a signatcfnii dlawnofl, cdirnongeis tath it wsa ocen vuadel at naryle $6 boinill. Fdni otu meor on teh laetst eisdpeo of \u201cTeh Weke Updwreapn\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh \u201cBaberi\u201d moiev, fmor dreitrco Geatr Geirgw, srecdo teh lasergt oingenp wnkeede of 2023, pigulnl in $155 mliolni dtlmaeyoilsc ovre ist oginpne wdekene adn $337 milionl golabyll.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh \u201cBaberi\u201d moiev, fmor dreitrco Geatr Geirgw, srecdo teh lasergt oingenp wnkeede of 2023, pigulnl in $155 mliolni dtlmaeyoilsc ovre ist oginpne wdekene adn $337 milionl golabyll.", "scrambled": "Teh \u201cBaberi\u201d moiev, fmor dreitrco Geatr Geirgw, srecdo teh lasergt oingenp wnkeede of 2023, pigulnl in $155 mliolni dtlmaeyoilsc ovre ist oginpne wdekene adn $337 milionl golabyll.", "original": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "recovered": "Teh \u201cBaberi\u201d moiev, fmor dreitrco Geatr Geirgw, srecdo teh lasergt oingenp wnkeede of 2023, pigulnl in $155 mliolni dtlmaeyoilsc ovre ist oginpne wdekene adn $337 milionl golabyll."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh \u201cwrdol\u2019s lrtsgea ubarn curoottinscn pcjoter in wdoo\u201d wlil be btliu in Slmokothc, adunncneo Sdenew, wihch clduo peva teh wya fro slraimi streurctsu in teh feutru. Auhlghto teh panl culdo be mroe ssnbauleait tnha ttriainaodl cucnittonsro, there aer cecrnnso auotb polantiet frie hszdara. Fidn otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uadweprpn psdtaco.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teh \u201cwrdol\u2019s lrtsgea ubarn curoottinscn pcjoter in wdoo\u201d wlil be btliu in Slmokothc, adunncneo Sdenew, wihch clduo peva teh wya fro slraimi streurctsu in teh feutru. Auhlghto teh panl culdo be mroe ssnbauleait tnha ttriainaodl cucnittonsro, there aer cecrnnso auotb polantiet frie hszdara. Fidn otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uadweprpn psdtaco.", "scrambled": "Teh \u201cwrdol\u2019s lrtsgea ubarn curoottinscn pcjoter in wdoo\u201d wlil be btliu in Slmokothc, adunncneo Sdenew, wihch clduo peva teh wya fro slraimi streurctsu in teh feutru. Auhlghto teh panl culdo be mroe ssnbauleait tnha ttriainaodl cucnittonsro, there aer cecrnnso auotb polantiet frie hszdara. Fidn otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uadweprpn psdtaco.", "original": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest urban construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional construction, there are concerns about potential fire hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Teh \u201cwrdol\u2019s lrtsgea ubarn curoottinscn pcjoter in wdoo\u201d wlil be btliu in Slmokothc, adunncneo Sdenew, wihch clduo peva teh wya fro slraimi streurctsu in teh feutru. Auhlghto teh panl culdo be mroe ssnbauleait tnha ttriainaodl cucnittonsro, there aer cecrnnso auotb polantiet frie hszdara. Fidn otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uadweprpn psdtaco."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Three weer 13 sstra adn 13 setirsp on teh ftisr US fgla to rrseteepn teh 13 oglirian sestat, as derdalce in teh Flga Ruoosltien of Jeun 14, 1777 \u2013 a dya nwo kownn as Fgla Dya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Three weer 13 sstra adn 13 setirsp on teh ftisr US fgla to rrseteepn teh 13 oglirian sestat, as derdalce in teh Flga Ruoosltien of Jeun 14, 1777 \u2013 a dya nwo kownn as Fgla Dya.", "scrambled": "Three weer 13 sstra adn 13 setirsp on teh ftisr US fgla to rrseteepn teh 13 oglirian sestat, as derdalce in teh Flga Ruoosltien of Jeun 14, 1777 \u2013 a dya nwo kownn as Fgla Dya.", "original": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "recovered": "Three weer 13 sstra adn 13 setirsp on teh ftisr US fgla to rrseteepn teh 13 oglirian sestat, as derdalce in teh Flga Ruoosltien of Jeun 14, 1777 \u2013 a dya nwo kownn as Fgla Dya."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsih weke, Sneate Motaijyr Lardee Cchku Srecmhu sdia teh FAD sduhol iteagveisnt teh hgih cfaneeif cntoent in Pmrei Enregy disnkr adn teh cmapnyo\u2019s mtrnakgei etffrso trawdo clndrehi on scloai miead.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tsih weke, Sneate Motaijyr Lardee Cchku Srecmhu sdia teh FAD sduhol iteagveisnt teh hgih cfaneeif cntoent in Pmrei Enregy disnkr adn teh cmapnyo\u2019s mtrnakgei etffrso trawdo clndrehi on scloai miead.", "scrambled": "Tsih weke, Sneate Motaijyr Lardee Cchku Srecmhu sdia teh FAD sduhol iteagveisnt teh hgih cfaneeif cntoent in Pmrei Enregy disnkr adn teh cmapnyo\u2019s mtrnakgei etffrso trawdo clndrehi on scloai miead.", "original": "This week, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing efforts toward children on social media.", "recovered": "Tsih weke, Sneate Motaijyr Lardee Cchku Srecmhu sdia teh FAD sduhol iteagveisnt teh hgih cfaneeif cntoent in Pmrei Enregy disnkr adn teh cmapnyo\u2019s mtrnakgei etffrso trawdo clndrehi on scloai miead."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsamho Jefsoerfn adn Jnoh Aasdm ddei wtinih hsrou of ehac oetrh on Jyul 4, 1826. Jfeoefnsr wsa 83 adn Asmda wsa 90.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tsamho Jefsoerfn adn Jnoh Aasdm ddei wtinih hsrou of ehac oetrh on Jyul 4, 1826. Jfeoefnsr wsa 83 adn Asmda wsa 90.", "scrambled": "Tsamho Jefsoerfn adn Jnoh Aasdm ddei wtinih hsrou of ehac oetrh on Jyul 4, 1826. Jfeoefnsr wsa 83 adn Asmda wsa 90.", "original": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "recovered": "Tsamho Jefsoerfn adn Jnoh Aasdm ddei wtinih hsrou of ehac oetrh on Jyul 4, 1826. Jfeoefnsr wsa 83 adn Asmda wsa 90."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Toudasnsh of dskes wree ste up aglno teh iocinc avnuee boefre prtaistcniap tkoo prta in a sieres of slpnglei bese on Snauyd. Fro mreo odd adn uxenpdtcee nsew, snig up to teh Tlla Tlesa nrewttelse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Toudasnsh of dskes wree ste up aglno teh iocinc avnuee boefre prtaistcniap tkoo prta in a sieres of slpnglei bese on Snauyd. Fro mreo odd adn uxenpdtcee nsew, snig up to teh Tlla Tlesa nrewttelse.", "scrambled": "Toudasnsh of dskes wree ste up aglno teh iocinc avnuee boefre prtaistcniap tkoo prta in a sieres of slpnglei bese on Snauyd. Fro mreo odd adn uxenpdtcee nsew, snig up to teh Tlla Tlesa nrewttelse.", "original": "Thousands of desks were set up along the iconic avenue before participants took part in a series of spelling bees on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Toudasnsh of dskes wree ste up aglno teh iocinc avnuee boefre prtaistcniap tkoo prta in a sieres of slpnglei bese on Snauyd. Fro mreo odd adn uxenpdtcee nsew, snig up to teh Tlla Tlesa nrewttelse."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsnoahsud of dosg pacdrttaieip in teh Wrnteeitmss Dgo Swho. A ptiet btaess gfroifn Vnend\u00e9e naedm Bdduy Holyl beeacm teh frits of hsi beerd to wni teh pisortsiegu cnotets\u2019s tpo pezir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tsnoahsud of dosg pacdrttaieip in teh Wrnteeitmss Dgo Swho. A ptiet btaess gfroifn Vnend\u00e9e naedm Bdduy Holyl beeacm teh frits of hsi beerd to wni teh pisortsiegu cnotets\u2019s tpo pezir.", "scrambled": "Tsnoahsud of dosg pacdrttaieip in teh Wrnteeitmss Dgo Swho. A ptiet btaess gfroifn Vnend\u00e9e naedm Bdduy Holyl beeacm teh frits of hsi beerd to wni teh pisortsiegu cnotets\u2019s tpo pezir.", "original": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit basset griffon Vend\u00e9en named Buddy Holly became the first of his breed to win the prestigious contest\u2019s top prize.", "recovered": "Tsnoahsud of dosg pacdrttaieip in teh Wrnteeitmss Dgo Swho. A ptiet btaess gfroifn Vnend\u00e9e naedm Bdduy Holyl beeacm teh frits of hsi beerd to wni teh pisortsiegu cnotets\u2019s tpo pezir."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teerh Jstu Spto Oli prseeotrst ienurptertd a poarenfmcer on Thusaydr of Fsrinca Pcelonu\u2019s \u201cDsliegauo dse Cts\u00e9emiarl\u201d at teh orape fvatisle, in Esat Susesx. Teh paoeemfcnrr rtsateerd areft a 20-mitune dayle fnogilolw teh rlovame of teh aitvsisct, woh weer nto aterrdse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teerh Jstu Spto Oli prseeotrst ienurptertd a poarenfmcer on Thusaydr of Fsrinca Pcelonu\u2019s \u201cDsliegauo dse Cts\u00e9emiarl\u201d at teh orape fvatisle, in Esat Susesx. Teh paoeemfcnrr rtsateerd areft a 20-mitune dayle fnogilolw teh rlovame of teh aitvsisct, woh weer nto aterrdse.", "scrambled": "Teerh Jstu Spto Oli prseeotrst ienurptertd a poarenfmcer on Thusaydr of Fsrinca Pcelonu\u2019s \u201cDsliegauo dse Cts\u00e9emiarl\u201d at teh orape fvatisle, in Esat Susesx. Teh paoeemfcnrr rtsateerd areft a 20-mitune dayle fnogilolw teh rlovame of teh aitvsisct, woh weer nto aterrdse.", "original": "Three Just Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the opera festival, in East Sussex. The performance restarted after a 20-minute delay following the removal of the activists, who were not arrested.", "recovered": "Teerh Jstu Spto Oli prseeotrst ienurptertd a poarenfmcer on Thusaydr of Fsrinca Pcelonu\u2019s \u201cDsliegauo dse Cts\u00e9emiarl\u201d at teh orape fvatisle, in Esat Susesx. Teh paoeemfcnrr rtsateerd areft a 20-mitune dayle fnogilolw teh rlovame of teh aitvsisct, woh weer nto aterrdse."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tehre MldDcaon\u2019s fshnrsieace in Ktukceny aer fncaig hytef fsnie fro vltiinoga cilhd lrbao lswa aetrf cirdlhne as ygonu as 10 ysaer odl wree funod wkgnrio ltae at ngtih \u2014 siemsoetm ulint 2 a.m.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tehre MldDcaon\u2019s fshnrsieace in Ktukceny aer fncaig hytef fsnie fro vltiinoga cilhd lrbao lswa aetrf cirdlhne as ygonu as 10 ysaer odl wree funod wkgnrio ltae at ngtih \u2014 siemsoetm ulint 2 a.m.", "scrambled": "Tehre MldDcaon\u2019s fshnrsieace in Ktukceny aer fncaig hytef fsnie fro vltiinoga cilhd lrbao lswa aetrf cirdlhne as ygonu as 10 ysaer odl wree funod wkgnrio ltae at ngtih \u2014 siemsoetm ulint 2 a.m.", "original": "Three McDonald\u2019s franchisees in Kentucky are facing hefty fines for violating child labor laws after children as young as 10 years old were found working late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.", "recovered": "Tehre MldDcaon\u2019s fshnrsieace in Ktukceny aer fncaig hytef fsnie fro vltiinoga cilhd lrbao lswa aetrf cirdlhne as ygonu as 10 ysaer odl wree funod wkgnrio ltae at ngtih \u2014 siemsoetm ulint 2 a.m."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: TikkTo COE Suho Cewh tditeeifs boeerf Cseorgns fro teh frsti tmei. He rcdeieve freeic cisitcirm fmro lrkweamsa, inclnidug clsal fro teh app to be bnedan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "TikkTo COE Suho Cewh tditeeifs boeerf Cseorgns fro teh frsti tmei. He rcdeieve freeic cisitcirm fmro lrkweamsa, inclnidug clsal fro teh app to be bnedan.", "scrambled": "TikkTo COE Suho Cewh tditeeifs boeerf Cseorgns fro teh frsti tmei. He rcdeieve freeic cisitcirm fmro lrkweamsa, inclnidug clsal fro teh app to be bnedan.", "original": "TikTok CEO Shou Chew testified before Congress for the first time. He received fierce criticism from lawmakers, including calls for the app to be banned.", "recovered": "TikkTo COE Suho Cewh tditeeifs boeerf Cseorgns fro teh frsti tmei. He rcdeieve freeic cisitcirm fmro lrkweamsa, inclnidug clsal fro teh app to be bnedan."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teuodt as teh \u201cmsto aaddcevn poarlnes ectleornic dcevie eevr\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hsaetde bslden dailitg cennott whit teh pclishya wolrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Teuodt as teh \u201cmsto aaddcevn poarlnes ectleornic dcevie eevr\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hsaetde bslden dailitg cennott whit teh pclishya wolrd.", "scrambled": "Teuodt as teh \u201cmsto aaddcevn poarlnes ectleornic dcevie eevr\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hsaetde bslden dailitg cennott whit teh pclishya wolrd.", "original": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world.", "recovered": "Teuodt as teh \u201cmsto aaddcevn poarlnes ectleornic dcevie eevr\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hsaetde bslden dailitg cennott whit teh pclishya wolrd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Taerdr Jeo\u2019s anuncedno a rallce of tow tespy of cekosoi, sntgtai tyhe mya cntioan a fgonrei mtraleai \u2014 rskoc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Taerdr Jeo\u2019s anuncedno a rallce of tow tespy of cekosoi, sntgtai tyhe mya cntioan a fgonrei mtraleai \u2014 rskoc.", "scrambled": "Taerdr Jeo\u2019s anuncedno a rallce of tow tespy of cekosoi, sntgtai tyhe mya cntioan a fgonrei mtraleai \u2014 rskoc.", "original": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, stating they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.", "recovered": "Taerdr Jeo\u2019s anuncedno a rallce of tow tespy of cekosoi, sntgtai tyhe mya cntioan a fgonrei mtraleai \u2014 rskoc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tipcolra onasec heva boeemc geerrne in teh psta tow dsadece, rtcenefigl chsenga in theri eosecystsm taht heva mero ppytkolnhtnao peenstr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tipcolra onasec heva boeemc geerrne in teh psta tow dsadece, rtcenefigl chsenga in theri eosecystsm taht heva mero ppytkolnhtnao peenstr.", "scrambled": "Tipcolra onasec heva boeemc geerrne in teh psta tow dsadece, rtcenefigl chsenga in theri eosecystsm taht heva mero ppytkolnhtnao peenstr.", "original": "Tropical oceans have become greener in the past two decades, reflecting changes in their ecosystems that have more phytoplankton present.", "recovered": "Tipcolra onasec heva boeemc geerrne in teh psta tow dsadece, rtcenefigl chsenga in theri eosecystsm taht heva mero ppytkolnhtnao peenstr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tmrpu wsa hnddea dnow a trhid ietitnmndc tish wkee, adn poiatclli asyatnls sya tish oen mya be teh msto ctlnoeeuinsqa. He wsa psrliyoevu iecddnit fro hsi imnnevelotv in a hshu-meyno seehcm breefo he bmeeca pdreesnit adn fro teh adlegle mgnanihdsli of csfidealsi mlraeiat aetrf he letf oieffc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tmrpu wsa hnddea dnow a trhid ietitnmndc tish wkee, adn poiatclli asyatnls sya tish oen mya be teh msto ctlnoeeuinsqa. He wsa psrliyoevu iecddnit fro hsi imnnevelotv in a hshu-meyno seehcm breefo he bmeeca pdreesnit adn fro teh adlegle mgnanihdsli of csfidealsi mlraeiat aetrf he letf oieffc.", "scrambled": "Tmrpu wsa hnddea dnow a trhid ietitnmndc tish wkee, adn poiatclli asyatnls sya tish oen mya be teh msto ctlnoeeuinsqa. He wsa psrliyoevu iecddnit fro hsi imnnevelotv in a hshu-meyno seehcm breefo he bmeeca pdreesnit adn fro teh adlegle mgnanihdsli of csfidealsi mlraeiat aetrf he letf oieffc.", "original": "Trump was handed down a third indictment this week, and political analysts say this one may be the most consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.", "recovered": "Tmrpu wsa hnddea dnow a trhid ietitnmndc tish wkee, adn poiatclli asyatnls sya tish oen mya be teh msto ctlnoeeuinsqa. He wsa psrliyoevu iecddnit fro hsi imnnevelotv in a hshu-meyno seehcm breefo he bmeeca pdreesnit adn fro teh adlegle mgnanihdsli of csfidealsi mlraeiat aetrf he letf oieffc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Trtewti is nwo X. Msku rdcaleep Tweritt\u2019s gallboyl roneiecdzg buel brdi loog, wchih hda bene in ues fro mroe tnha a deedca, as prat of a raldcai rbarnedgin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Trtewti is nwo X. Msku rdcaleep Tweritt\u2019s gallboyl roneiecdzg buel brdi loog, wchih hda bene in ues fro mroe tnha a deedca, as prat of a raldcai rbarnedgin.", "scrambled": "Trtewti is nwo X. Msku rdcaleep Tweritt\u2019s gallboyl roneiecdzg buel brdi loog, wchih hda bene in ues fro mroe tnha a deedca, as prat of a raldcai rbarnedgin.", "original": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized blue bird logo, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding.", "recovered": "Trtewti is nwo X. Msku rdcaleep Tweritt\u2019s gallboyl roneiecdzg buel brdi loog, wchih hda bene in ues fro mroe tnha a deedca, as prat of a raldcai rbarnedgin."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ttrweti\u2019s trltdoaaiin brdi inco wsa traoeiymlrp rpadelec whit an iagem of a Siahb Iun dgo, an aapeptrn ndo to deonigco, teh joek ccnytuyerprcro taht COE Eonl Mksu is binge sude orve.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Ttrweti\u2019s trltdoaaiin brdi inco wsa traoeiymlrp rpadelec whit an iagem of a Siahb Iun dgo, an aapeptrn ndo to deonigco, teh joek ccnytuyerprcro taht COE Eonl Mksu is binge sude orve.", "scrambled": "Ttrweti\u2019s trltdoaaiin brdi inco wsa traoeiymlrp rpadelec whit an iagem of a Siahb Iun dgo, an aapeptrn ndo to deonigco, teh joek ccnytuyerprcro taht COE Eonl Mksu is binge sude orve.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traditional bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency that CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "recovered": "Ttrweti\u2019s trltdoaaiin brdi inco wsa traoeiymlrp rpadelec whit an iagem of a Siahb Iun dgo, an aapeptrn ndo to deonigco, teh joek ccnytuyerprcro taht COE Eonl Mksu is binge sude orve."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Triwtte\u2019s tafircf tekdna folglowin teh lanhuc of Maet\u2019s rliva app Trsahde, whhic tedopp mero tnha 100 mionlli usrse wiitnh feiv dysa aeftr ist dtueb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Triwtte\u2019s tafircf tekdna folglowin teh lanhuc of Maet\u2019s rliva app Trsahde, whhic tedopp mero tnha 100 mionlli usrse wiitnh feiv dysa aeftr ist dtueb.", "scrambled": "Triwtte\u2019s tafircf tekdna folglowin teh lanhuc of Maet\u2019s rliva app Trsahde, whhic tedopp mero tnha 100 mionlli usrse wiitnh feiv dysa aeftr ist dtueb.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traffic tanked following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app Threads, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after its debut.", "recovered": "Triwtte\u2019s tafircf tekdna folglowin teh lanhuc of Maet\u2019s rliva app Trsahde, whhic tedopp mero tnha 100 mionlli usrse wiitnh feiv dysa aeftr ist dtueb."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tnoyhpo Druiosk depmdu an eniret mnoht\u2019s wrhot of rilalafn on Biejign in olyn 48 hrous, skiapgrn rsceeu mnoisssi fro sruvirsov tpapedr by fdoodle ssetter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tnoyhpo Druiosk depmdu an eniret mnoht\u2019s wrhot of rilalafn on Biejign in olyn 48 hrous, skiapgrn rsceeu mnoisssi fro sruvirsov tpapedr by fdoodle ssetter.", "scrambled": "Tnoyhpo Druiosk depmdu an eniret mnoht\u2019s wrhot of rilalafn on Biejign in olyn 48 hrous, skiapgrn rsceeu mnoisssi fro sruvirsov tpapedr by fdoodle ssetter.", "original": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking rescue missions for survivors trapped by flooded streets.", "recovered": "Tnoyhpo Druiosk depmdu an eniret mnoht\u2019s wrhot of rilalafn on Biejign in olyn 48 hrous, skiapgrn rsceeu mnoisssi fro sruvirsov tpapedr by fdoodle ssetter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: UK hueos pirsce heav hda tirhe begsitg aulnna flla in nyaelr 14 yarse, aoicndrgc to Btnriai\u2019s lstager mggratoe lndree, Neiidwtoan. Teh 3.4% drpo in Mya is teh bsitgeg sienc Jylu 2009, wneh heosu pseric depdorp by 6.2%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "UK hueos pirsce heav hda tirhe begsitg aulnna flla in nyaelr 14 yarse, aoicndrgc to Btnriai\u2019s lstager mggratoe lndree, Neiidwtoan. Teh 3.4% drpo in Mya is teh bsitgeg sienc Jylu 2009, wneh heosu pseric depdorp by 6.2%.", "scrambled": "UK hueos pirsce heav hda tirhe begsitg aulnna flla in nyaelr 14 yarse, aoicndrgc to Btnriai\u2019s lstager mggratoe lndree, Neiidwtoan. Teh 3.4% drpo in Mya is teh bsitgeg sienc Jylu 2009, wneh heosu pseric depdorp by 6.2%.", "original": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "recovered": "UK hueos pirsce heav hda tirhe begsitg aulnna flla in nyaelr 14 yarse, aoicndrgc to Btnriai\u2019s lstager mggratoe lndree, Neiidwtoan. Teh 3.4% drpo in Mya is teh bsitgeg sienc Jylu 2009, wneh heosu pseric depdorp by 6.2%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Uikraen asceucd Mooswc of hongild Bauselr \u201cas a nceralu htgesoa\u201d afrte teh Rinussa pedirsten tehdteeanr to sitnota tlacicat narucle wponesa in teh nguongrhebii nitona, adn Naot cmondened hsi \u201cdnoseurag adn ipnseobresrli rtcirheo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Uikraen asceucd Mooswc of hongild Bauselr \u201cas a nceralu htgesoa\u201d afrte teh Rinussa pedirsten tehdteeanr to sitnota tlacicat narucle wponesa in teh nguongrhebii nitona, adn Naot cmondened hsi \u201cdnoseurag adn ipnseobresrli rtcirheo\u201d.", "scrambled": "Uikraen asceucd Mooswc of hongild Bauselr \u201cas a nceralu htgesoa\u201d afrte teh Rinussa pedirsten tehdteeanr to sitnota tlacicat narucle wponesa in teh nguongrhebii nitona, adn Naot cmondened hsi \u201cdnoseurag adn ipnseobresrli rtcirheo\u201d.", "original": "Ukraine accused Moscow of holding Belarus \u201cas a nuclear hostage\u201d after the Russian president threatened to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and irresponsible rhetoric\u201d.", "recovered": "Uikraen asceucd Mooswc of hongild Bauselr \u201cas a nceralu htgesoa\u201d afrte teh Rinussa pedirsten tehdteeanr to sitnota tlacicat narucle wponesa in teh nguongrhebii nitona, adn Naot cmondened hsi \u201cdnoseurag adn ipnseobresrli rtcirheo\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Urieakn\u2019s gtneemrvno ivdeitn Lzui Iicno\u00e1 Laul da Sailv to vstii aefrt he cdeaus csroonttannei aogmn Kivy\u2019s Wetnres aesill by uigngr teh US to \u201cspto eunginrcoga teh wra\u201d teehr adn ciglnal fro a peaec dlea wtih Rausis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Urieakn\u2019s gtneemrvno ivdeitn Lzui Iicno\u00e1 Laul da Sailv to vstii aefrt he cdeaus csroonttannei aogmn Kivy\u2019s Wetnres aesill by uigngr teh US to \u201cspto eunginrcoga teh wra\u201d teehr adn ciglnal fro a peaec dlea wtih Rausis.", "scrambled": "Urieakn\u2019s gtneemrvno ivdeitn Lzui Iicno\u00e1 Laul da Sailv to vstii aefrt he cdeaus csroonttannei aogmn Kivy\u2019s Wetnres aesill by uigngr teh US to \u201cspto eunginrcoga teh wra\u201d teehr adn ciglnal fro a peaec dlea wtih Rausis.", "original": "Ukraine\u2019s government invited Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to visit after he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging the US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a peace deal with Russia.", "recovered": "Urieakn\u2019s gtneemrvno ivdeitn Lzui Iicno\u00e1 Laul da Sailv to vstii aefrt he cdeaus csroonttannei aogmn Kivy\u2019s Wetnres aesill by uigngr teh US to \u201cspto eunginrcoga teh wra\u201d teehr adn ciglnal fro a peaec dlea wtih Rausis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Veimatn hsa bnndea clemciroam sensigncer of teh Bbeira flim, otu on 21 Jluy, oevr a mpa tath aeprspa to swho Bgjenii\u2019s \u201cnnei-dhas lein\u201d in teh Shuto Cianh Sae thta mraks dtpiudse tirrtyore. Fdin otu mreo whit Teh Week Uwpneaprd paodstc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Veimatn hsa bnndea clemciroam sensigncer of teh Bbeira flim, otu on 21 Jluy, oevr a mpa tath aeprspa to swho Bgjenii\u2019s \u201cnnei-dhas lein\u201d in teh Shuto Cianh Sae thta mraks dtpiudse tirrtyore. Fdin otu mreo whit Teh Week Uwpneaprd paodstc.", "scrambled": "Veimatn hsa bnndea clemciroam sensigncer of teh Bbeira flim, otu on 21 Jluy, oevr a mpa tath aeprspa to swho Bgjenii\u2019s \u201cnnei-dhas lein\u201d in teh Shuto Cianh Sae thta mraks dtpiudse tirrtyore. Fdin otu mreo whit Teh Week Uwpneaprd paodstc.", "original": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that appears to show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea that marks disputed territory. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Veimatn hsa bnndea clemciroam sensigncer of teh Bbeira flim, otu on 21 Jluy, oevr a mpa tath aeprspa to swho Bgjenii\u2019s \u201cnnei-dhas lein\u201d in teh Shuto Cianh Sae thta mraks dtpiudse tirrtyore. Fdin otu mreo whit Teh Week Uwpneaprd paodstc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vairl fgaoeot sodehw vsroisti at Fodalir\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptgnait a kiiw, a nlnotruac bdir, unrde bigthr ltsihg diurgn a $25 \u201cKwii Eenructon\u201d eexcneirep. Teh zoo agodolespi fro haigvn \u201cofeddnef a ntoani\u201d fnlolgiow an orytuc in Nwe Zldaaen, wrhee kiswi aer a treuaserd naoianlt inco.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Vairl fgaoeot sodehw vsroisti at Fodalir\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptgnait a kiiw, a nlnotruac bdir, unrde bigthr ltsihg diurgn a $25 \u201cKwii Eenructon\u201d eexcneirep. Teh zoo agodolespi fro haigvn \u201cofeddnef a ntoani\u201d fnlolgiow an orytuc in New Zldaaen, wrhee kiswi aer a treuaserd naoianlt inco.", "scrambled": "Vairl fgaoeot sodehw vsroisti at Fodalir\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptgnait a kiiw, a nlnotruac bdir, unrde bigthr ltsihg diurgn a $25 \u201cKwii Eenructon\u201d eexcneirep. Teh zoo agodolespi fro haigvn \u201cofeddnef a ntoani\u201d fnlolgiow an orytuc in Nwe Zldaaen, wrhee kiswi aer a treuaserd naoianlt inco.", "original": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights during a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. The zoo apologised for having \u201coffended a nation\u201d following an outcry in New Zealand, where kiwis are a treasured national icon.", "recovered": "Vairl fgaoeot sodehw vsroisti at Fodalir\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptgnait a kiiw, a nlnotruac bdir, unrde bigthr ltsihg diurgn a $25 \u201cKwii Eenructon\u201d eexcneirep. Teh zoo agodolespi fro haigvn \u201cofeddnef a ntoani\u201d fnlolgiow an orytuc in New Zldaaen, wrhee kiswi aer a treuaserd naoianlt inco."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vanwksolge is rlanlgeci 143,000 of ist Astla SVsU deu to a \u201csrpcioda\u201d iuses deceedtt in seom pesgranes-sied araisgb ttha cna shtwci teh snoesr off urden creaint cntsniodoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Vanwksolge is rlanlgeci 143,000 of ist Astla SVsU deu to a \u201csrpcioda\u201d iuses deceedtt in seom pesgranes-sied araisgb ttha cna shtwci teh snoesr off urden creaint cntsniodoi.", "scrambled": "Vanwksolge is rlanlgeci 143,000 of ist Astla SVsU deu to a \u201csrpcioda\u201d iuses deceedtt in seom pesgranes-sied araisgb ttha cna shtwci teh snoesr off urden creaint cntsniodoi.", "original": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected in some passenger-side airbags that can switch the sensor off under certain conditions.", "recovered": "Vanwksolge is rlanlgeci 143,000 of ist Astla SVsU deu to a \u201csrpcioda\u201d iuses deceedtt in seom pesgranes-sied araisgb ttha cna shtwci teh snoesr off urden creaint cntsniodoi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Wnioshgtan cdeonidsre renmitreet atfre oen trem, btu asecaissot idoemlrp hmi to sevre an adtilondai foru ysaer in teh fcae of eimggrne pctlialoi dsoisvini ttha mnay freeda wduol pllu teh yugno ctnoyur artpa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Wnioshgtan cdeonidsre renmitreet atfre oen trem, btu asecaissot idoemlrp hmi to sevre an adtilondai foru ysaer in teh fcae of eimggrne pctlialoi dsoisvini ttha mnay freeda wduol pllu teh yugno ctnoyur artpa.", "scrambled": "Wnioshgtan cdeonidsre renmitreet atfre oen trem, btu asecaissot idoemlrp hmi to sevre an adtilondai foru ysaer in teh fcae of eimggrne pctlialoi dsoisvini ttha mnay freeda wduol pllu teh yugno ctnoyur artpa.", "original": "Washington considered retirement after one term, but associates implored him to serve an additional four years in the face of emerging political divisions that many feared would pull the young country apart.", "recovered": "Wnioshgtan cdeonidsre renmitreet atfre oen trem, btu asecaissot idoemlrp hmi to sevre an adtilondai foru ysaer in teh fcae of eimggrne pctlialoi dsoisvini ttha mnay freeda wduol pllu teh yugno ctnoyur artpa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Wlsle Fgora hsa adreeg to pya $1 bnoilil to stelet a lwsitau anisgcuc it of dgruafdein ssroerahehdl oerv ist tmeenttra of crusoestm. Sneic 2016, Wlsle Fgaro hsa pida or ste aised bniillos of doasllr to rosleve ryugarotel psbero adn lnioigiatt cinrgnncoe ist bnuisess praietccs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Wlsle Fgora hsa adreeg to pya $1 bnoilil to stelet a lwsitau anisgcuc it of dgruafdein ssroerahehdl oerv ist tmeenttra of crusoestm. Sneic 2016, Wlsle Fgaro hsa pida or ste aised bniillos of doasllr to rosleve ryugarotel psbero adn lnioigiatt cinrgnncoe ist bnuisess praietccs.", "scrambled": "Wlsle Fgora hsa adreeg to pya $1 bnoilil to stelet a lwsitau anisgcuc it of dgruafdein ssroerahehdl oerv ist tmeenttra of crusoestm. Sneic 2016, Wlsle Fgaro hsa pida or ste aised bniillos of doasllr to rosleve ryugarotel psbero adn lnioigiatt cinrgnncoe ist bnuisess praietccs.", "original": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding shareholders over its treatment of customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to resolve regulatory probes and litigation concerning its business practices.", "recovered": "Wlsle Fgora hsa adreeg to pya $1 bnoilil to stelet a lwsitau anisgcuc it of dgruafdein ssroerahehdl oerv ist tmeenttra of crusoestm. Sneic 2016, Wlsle Fgaro hsa pida or ste aised bniillos of doasllr to rosleve ryugarotel psbero adn lnioigiatt cinrgnncoe ist bnuisess praietccs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cEigyerhtvn Erhwreeyve All at Ocne\u201d detdomian teh Ocsasr on Sadynu. Teh flim wno mtos of teh bgi adsarw, idniguncl btes pietcur adn dcgniietr. Mlceheli Yohe wno btse artssec in a ldinage reol, wleih Ke Hyu Qnau adn Jaeim Lee Ctuisr wno btes arcot adn bset asetcsr in sgriuppotn rlseo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "\u201cEigyerhtvn Erhwreeyve All at Ocne\u201d detdomian teh Ocsasr on Sadynu. Teh flim wno mtos of teh bgi adsarw, idniguncl btes pietcur adn dcgniietr. Mlceheli Yohe wno btse artssec in a ldinage reol, wleih Ke Hyu Qnau adn Jaeim Lee Ctuisr wno btes arcot adn bset asetcsr in sgriuppotn rlseo.", "scrambled": "\u201cEigyerhtvn Erhwreeyve All at Ocne\u201d detdomian teh Ocsasr on Sadynu. Teh flim wno mtos of teh bgi adsarw, idniguncl btes pietcur adn dcgniietr. Mlceheli Yohe wno btse artssec in a ldinage reol, wleih Ke Hyu Qnau adn Jaeim Lee Ctuisr wno btes arcot adn bset asetcsr in sgriuppotn rlseo.", "original": "\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sunday. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.", "recovered": "\u201cEigyerhtvn Erhwreeyve All at Ocne\u201d detdomian teh Ocsasr on Sadynu. Teh flim wno mtos of teh bgi adsarw, idniguncl btes pietcur adn dcgniietr. Mlceheli Yohe wno btse artssec in a ldinage reol, wleih Ke Hyu Qnau adn Jaeim Lee Ctuisr wno btes arcot adn bset asetcsr in sgriuppotn rlseo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cYuo\u2019ll be surerpids at wath yuo cna gte at Adil,\u201d sida Teh Temsi, wihch ltdise \u201cgeroircse, prowe disrll, ibaflnselta, sneiwg mihaencs\u201d adn a \u201cRmnoa miosac\u201d. Teh \u201calhyoigcrlecaaol siiiafcgnnt\u201d dvsoeyirc psnoti to teh estcxenie of a hghi-sutsat Rmnoa heous, or dsomu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "\u201cYuo\u2019ll be surerpids at wath yuo cna gte at Adil,\u201d sida Teh Temsi, wihch ltdise \u201cgeroircse, prowe disrll, ibaflnselta, sneiwg mihaencs\u201d adn a \u201cRmnoa miosac\u201d. Teh \u201calhyoigcrlecaaol siiiafcgnnt\u201d dvsoeyirc psnoti to teh estcxenie of a hghi-sutsat Rmnoa heous, or dsomu.", "scrambled": "\u201cYuo\u2019ll be surerpids at wath yuo cna gte at Adil,\u201d sida Teh Temsi, wihch ltdise \u201cgeroircse, prowe disrll, ibaflnselta, sneiwg mihaencs\u201d adn a \u201cRmnoa miosac\u201d. Teh \u201calhyoigcrlecaaol siiiafcgnnt\u201d dvsoeyirc psnoti to teh estcxenie of a hghi-sutsat Rmnoa heous, or dsomu.", "original": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Aldi,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201carchaeologically significant\u201d discovery points to the existence of a high-status Roman house, or domus.", "recovered": "\u201cYuo\u2019ll be surerpids at wath yuo cna gte at Adil,\u201d sida Teh Temsi, wihch ltdise \u201cgeroircse, prowe disrll, ibaflnselta, sneiwg mihaencs\u201d adn a \u201cRmnoa miosac\u201d. Teh \u201calhyoigcrlecaaol siiiafcgnnt\u201d dvsoeyirc psnoti to teh estcxenie of a hghi-sutsat Rmnoa heous, or dsomu."}
