{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A Greerb byab frlauom wsa dtsuidiebtr to sosetr dstpeei a rcllae oevr psolsebi camtooiantnin, agndiccro to teh FAD. Teh cmpnyoa is enignocrgua prestna to cekhc ayn pducrost thye heav at hmeo adn dacsdir theos taht mya be atefcfde.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A great idea by Abby Frazier was to set up a relay system over a postal service cametoiantinin, and according to the FAD. The company is engaging in guerrilla marketing preston to check any product they have at home and dash to the store to buy them.", "scrambled": "A Greerb byab frlauom wsa dtsuidiebtr to sosetr dstpeei a rcllae oevr psolsebi camtooiantnin, agndiccro to teh FAD. Teh cmpnyoa is enignocrgua prestna to cekhc ayn pducrost thye heav at hmeo adn dacsdir theos taht mya be atefcfde.", "original": "A Gerber baby formula was distributed to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard those that may be affected.", "recovered": "A great idea by Abby Frazier was to set up a relay system over a postal service cametoiantinin, and according to the FAD. The company is engaging in guerrilla marketing preston to check any product they have at home and dash to the store to buy them."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A cildh in Minae hsa testde povsitie fro mseasle, sttae hleaht ocfasifil sdai. Welhi teh vrisu wsa dcldraee edtaniemil mreo tnah tow dsaedce aog, hthlae oislaicff sya vianointcca retas in teh US heav depdorp in rtceen yarse, skprgian nwe oktuesbar.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A child in Minae has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. Well-child visits are recommended for children two years and older, and include a physical exam, vaccination and screening for vision and hearing, as well as developmental, behavioral and nutritional issues.", "scrambled": "A cildh in Minae hsa testde povsitie fro mseasle, sttae hleaht ocfasifil sdai. Welhi teh vrisu wsa dcldraee edtaniemil mreo tnah tow dsaedce aog, hthlae oislaicff sya vianointcca retas in teh US heav depdorp in rtceen yarse, skprgian nwe oktuesbar.", "original": "A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "recovered": "A child in Minae has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. Well-child visits are recommended for children two years and older, and include a physical exam, vaccination and screening for vision and hearing, as well as developmental, behavioral and nutritional issues."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A chctleooa spetlruuc wgineghi mreo tnah 50 pdnsou wsa uldeiven by a ceecfiyronont bandr to mrka Kgin Cashrel III\u2019s cooinranto on Mya 6 in Lodnno\u2019s Wmsetisernt Aybbe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A cuckoo clock weighing more than 50 pounds was delivered by a courier to King Charles III\u2019s cousin on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "scrambled": "A chctleooa spetlruuc wgineghi mreo tnah 50 pdnsou wsa uldeiven by a ceecfiyronont bandr to mrka Kgin Cashrel III\u2019s cooinranto on Mya 6 in Lodnno\u2019s Wmsetisernt Aybbe.", "original": "A chocolate sculpture weighing more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand to mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "recovered": "A cuckoo clock weighing more than 50 pounds was delivered by a courier to King Charles III\u2019s cousin on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A cnaer cslpoadel Wseddaney in Nwe Yrko Cyti wlhei teh orrapeto wsa lfntiig auotb 16 tnso of certeonc, oaiiclffs sdai. Dacrmita voedi sweodh fsmela adn seokm rngisi fomr teh cnrae brfeeo ist bmoo fell, hinigtt a budiignl arscos teh srttee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A chemical spill in New York City during the outbreakautobahn 16 tons of certain, officials said. Damaging wind speeds swept snow from the cold breesoist, hitting a building and causing a big arcoss the street.", "scrambled": "A cnaer cslpoadel Wseddaney in Nwe Yrko Cyti wlhei teh orrapeto wsa lfntiig auotb 16 tnso of certeonc, oaiiclffs sdai. Dacrmita voedi sweodh fsmela adn seokm rngisi fomr teh cnrae brfeeo ist bmoo fell, hinigtt a budiignl arscos teh srttee.", "original": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York City while the operator was lifting about 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames and smoke rising from the crane before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.", "recovered": "A chemical spill in New York City during the outbreakautobahn 16 tons of certain, officials said. Damaging wind speeds swept snow from the cold breesoist, hitting a building and causing a big arcoss the street."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A dyedal tirna chras in Idani hsa rednewe casll fro aosteuiihtr to cntnrfoo seytaf issseu in a ryliawa smeyts taht trtsrnopas mroe tanh 13 milonli psasnreges eyevr dya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A diamond tarnished in Idanian has regained its shine calling from astute thinkers to contain fools in a royal way smearing trumps that trounced more than 13 million pesky gnats ever day.", "scrambled": "A dyedal tirna chras in Idani hsa rednewe casll fro aosteuiihtr to cntnrfoo seytaf issseu in a ryliawa smeyts taht trtsrnopas mroe tanh 13 milonli psasnreges eyevr dya.", "original": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to confront safety issues in a railway system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.", "recovered": "A diamond tarnished in Idanian has regained its shine calling from astute thinkers to contain fools in a royal way smearing trumps that trounced more than 13 million pesky gnats ever day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A gatin, sytnik seawdee blbo is hadede to Frdaoil. It\u2019s epdexetc to beemco penvtreal on bheasce in Jlyu, pleotltnaiy tnaiterehgn to ptu a dpmear on teh smrmue ttosuri soeans.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A gatlin, single barrel shotgun is handed to Fredoil. It\u2019s expected to be perfectly concealed on behalf in July, potentially threatening to put an end to the summer tours.", "scrambled": "A gatin, sytnik seawdee blbo is hadede to Frdaoil. It\u2019s epdexetc to beemco penvtreal on bheasce in Jlyu, pleotltnaiy tnaiterehgn to ptu a dpmear on teh smrmue ttosuri soeans.", "original": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is headed to Florida. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, potentially threatening to put a damper on the summer tourist season.", "recovered": "A gatlin, single barrel shotgun is handed to Fredoil. It\u2019s expected to be perfectly concealed on behalf in July, potentially threatening to put an end to the summer tours."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A galbol sdtyu by rhrcsseerea at Ooxfdr Uvtrnsyiie\u2019s Rreeust Ieutsnitt funod tath wwerldido, 48% of ppoele wree vyer or etremyxel isteetednr in teh nwes \u2013 dnwo fmor 63% in 2017. Teh pnriotroop wsa eevn lweor in teh UK, as adsnuceei \u201cctu bkac on derigspesn nwse\u201d to pecttor tehri mateln hehalt, sadi teh sdtyu asouhtr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A global survey by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that 48% of people were very or extremely concerned about fake news in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The concern was even lower in the UK, as advertising \u201cctu bkac on derigspesn nwse\u201d to protect their brand health, said the survey author.", "scrambled": "A galbol sdtyu by rhrcsseerea at Ooxfdr Uvtrnsyiie\u2019s Rreeust Ieutsnitt funod tath wwerldido, 48% of ppoele wree vyer or etremyxel isteetednr in teh nwes \u2013 dnwo fmor 63% in 2017. Teh pnriotroop wsa eevn lweor in teh UK, as adsnuceei \u201cctu bkac on derigspesn nwse\u201d to pecttor tehri mateln hehalt, sadi teh sdtyu asouhtr.", "original": "A global study by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.", "recovered": "A global survey by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that 48% of people were very or extremely concerned about fake news in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The concern was even lower in the UK, as advertising \u201cctu bkac on derigspesn nwse\u201d to protect their brand health, said the survey author."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A hihg of 38.8C wsa rrddceeo in teh Adananlusi cyit on Tdyhsrau, as hto ari seignpwe iont Sipna frmo Norht Aafirc tshi weke rstlues in teersrapmetu up to 15C wrmare tanh excteedp fro Aiplr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Adananlusi city on Tuesday, as hot air from North Africa this week brought record temperatures in terrapin up to 15C warmer than expected from Aiplr.", "scrambled": "A hihg of 38.8C wsa rrddceeo in teh Adananlusi cyit on Tdyhsrau, as hto ari seignpwe iont Sipna frmo Norht Aafirc tshi weke rstlues in teersrapmetu up to 15C wrmare tanh excteedp fro Aiplr.", "original": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Andalusian city on Thursday, as hot air sweeping into Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April.", "recovered": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Adananlusi city on Tuesday, as hot air from North Africa this week brought record temperatures in terrapin up to 15C warmer than expected from Aiplr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A kielrl pxo hsa kldiel up to 80% of rde srsuielrq in oen wtinre at teh fwe stesi teyh aer sillt fudno in Wasle. Nreyla 11,000 ppolee hvea siegdn a piiotnte cllngia fro teh Wlseh gmorevnnte to fnud vccinae raseecrh in odrre to proctet Wlsae\u2019 slmla pltuonoiap of rde suqlriser \u2013 teehr aer oynl abtou 1,000 lfte in Ntorh Wsael. Isvnviea, nno-neavti gery siqreusrl crrya squrrlie pxo vuris, btu aer nto acfedfet by it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A kielrl pxo hsa kldiel up to 80% of rde srsuielrq in oen wtinre at teh fwe stesi teyh aer sillt fudno in Wasle. Nreyla 11,000 ppolee hvea siegdn a piiotnte cllngia fro teh Wlseh gmorevnnte to fnud vccinae raseecrh in odrre to proctet Wlsae\u2019 slmla pltuonoiap of rde suqlriser \u2013 teehr aer oynl abtou 1,000 lfte in Ntorh Wsael. Isvnviea, nno-neavti gery siqreusrl crrya squrrlie pxo vuris, btu aer nto acfedfet by it.", "scrambled": "A kielrl pxo hsa kldiel up to 80% of rde srsuielrq in oen wtinre at teh fwe stesi teyh aer sillt fudno in Wasle. Nreyla 11,000 ppolee hvea siegdn a piiotnte cllngia fro teh Wlseh gmorevnnte to fnud vccinae raseecrh in odrre to proctet Wlsae\u2019 slmla pltuonoiap of rde suqlriser \u2013 teehr aer oynl abtou 1,000 lfte in Ntorh Wsael. Isvnviea, nno-neavti gery siqreusrl crrya squrrlie pxo vuris, btu aer nto acfedfet by it.", "original": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to protect Wales\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. Invasive, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it.", "recovered": "A kielrl pxo hsa kldiel up to 80% of rde srsuielrq in oen wtinre at teh fwe stesi teyh aer sillt fudno in Wasle. Nreyla 11,000 ppolee hvea siegdn a piiotnte cllngia fro teh Wlseh gmorevnnte to fnud vccinae raseecrh in odrre to proctet Wlsae\u2019 slmla pltuonoiap of rde suqlriser \u2013 teehr aer oynl abtou 1,000 lfte in Ntorh Wsael. Isvnviea, nno-neavti gery siqreusrl crrya squrrlie pxo vuris, btu aer nto acfedfet by it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A miesvsa blwo-sadphe teerhat in Lsa Vaseg taht rlpetoryed cioansnt teh wlrdo\u2019s hethsig-ruotiolnse wnaoudrrap LDE sceren wsa fyull ietlmidualn on Taudesy. See ist drmtcaai dbute heer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As a result of the war, the population of the world\u2019s largest rodent, the capybara, has increased dramatically in the Amazon. See it for yourself here.", "scrambled": "A miesvsa blwo-sadphe teerhat in Lsa Vaseg taht rlpetoryed cioansnt teh wlrdo\u2019s hethsig-ruotiolnse wnaoudrrap LDE sceren wsa fyull ietlmidualn on Taudesy. See ist drmtcaai dbute heer.", "original": "A massive bowl-shaped theater in Las Vegas that reportedly contains the world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound LED screen was fully illuminated on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "recovered": "As a result of the war, the population of the world\u2019s largest rodent, the capybara, has increased dramatically in the Amazon. See it for yourself here."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A nwe talrier fro teh levi-aontic rakeem of 1989\u2019s aidnaemt \u201cTeh Lttlei Mrmdiae\u201d dbedeut drgniu teh Oscrsa cemrnyeo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A new trailer from the legendary rapper of 1989\u2019s album \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d dedicated to the Oscar ceremony.", "scrambled": "A nwe talrier fro teh levi-aontic rakeem of 1989\u2019s aidnaemt \u201cTeh Lttlei Mrmdiae\u201d dbedeut drgniu teh Oscrsa cemrnyeo.", "original": "A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony.", "recovered": "A new trailer from the legendary rapper of 1989\u2019s album \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d dedicated to the Oscar ceremony."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A rwo brkeo otu arfet teh bclo rrrfdeee to teh Fakdnlal Isndsla by teh Anrgtenie nmae, \u201cIssal Mvinslaa\u201d, in a c\u00e9oiqmuunm sdeign in Brseussl by 60 EU adn Liatn Amareinc nitnosa. Rshii Snkua cctsdeirii teh \u201crtlaregbtee cehcio of wrsod\u201d, wihhc alnptrpaye edosenrd Ataeinngr\u2019s cliam to teh aarielcgpho, a Briiths osvseear tyrritoer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A Russian rocket placed the first Israeli satellite in orbit around the Earth, \u201cLandsat 5\u201d, in a joint design by 60 EU and Latin American engineers. Rosh Pinah created the \u201cfirst certified chemical free wine\u201d, alternative to British sterling tyrant.", "scrambled": "A rwo brkeo otu arfet teh bclo rrrfdeee to teh Fakdnlal Isndsla by teh Anrgtenie nmae, \u201cIssal Mvinslaa\u201d, in a c\u00e9oiqmuunm sdeign in Brseussl by 60 EU adn Liatn Amareinc nitnosa. Rshii Snkua cctsdeirii teh \u201crtlaregbtee cehcio of wrsod\u201d, wihhc alnptrpaye edosenrd Ataeinngr\u2019s cliam to teh aarielcgpho, a Briiths osvseear tyrritoer.", "original": "A row broke out after the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands by the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American nations. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory.", "recovered": "A Russian rocket placed the first Israeli satellite in orbit around the Earth, \u201cLandsat 5\u201d, in a joint design by 60 EU and Latin American engineers. Rosh Pinah created the \u201cfirst certified chemical free wine\u201d, alternative to British sterling tyrant."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A soerc is elqua to 20 yesra, so Lioncln wsa regnierfr to 87 ysear aog \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wneh teh Dlratcneoai of Iedencdenenp wsa addopet in hsi asdrsde.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A sorcerer is able to live for 20 years, so Lioncln was regaining his strength to 87 years old \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address.", "scrambled": "A soerc is elqua to 20 yesra, so Lioncln wsa regnierfr to 87 ysear aog \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 wneh teh Dlratcneoai of Iedencdenenp wsa addopet in hsi asdrsde.", "original": "A score is equal to 20 years, so Lincoln was referring to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address.", "recovered": "A sorcerer is able to live for 20 years, so Lioncln was regaining his strength to 87 years old \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sae ortte kpees pncnigih ssferru\u2019 bdoras in Ciflairoan, accniogrd to Teh Tlperegha. Teh feiv-yaer-odl aianml, knonw as Oertt 841, hsa bene jpugimn oont barsod adn nnidgug tireh osrenw otu of teh wya, so seh cna hvea a bksa. Fro mreo odd adn ucpexeednt nwes, snig up to teh Tall Teals nstwtelree.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A small asteroid, known as asteroid 8341, has been spotted passing very close to the Earth, so close that it could have hit us. From more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Teals newsletter.", "scrambled": "A sae ortte kpees pncnigih ssferru\u2019 bdoras in Ciflairoan, accniogrd to Teh Tlperegha. Teh feiv-yaer-odl aianml, knonw as Oertt 841, hsa bene jpugimn oont barsod adn nnidgug tireh osrenw otu of teh wya, so seh cna hvea a bksa. Fro mreo odd adn ucpexeednt nwes, snig up to teh Tall Teals nstwtelree.", "original": "A sea otter keeps pinching surfers\u2019 boards in California, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and nudging their owners out of the way, so she can have a bask. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "A small asteroid, known as asteroid 8341, has been spotted passing very close to the Earth, so close that it could have hit us. From more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Teals newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A srenugot sprmneouo ctrdaee a mieicnftagn stihg ascsro teh wlord tihs weke. Thsi lusoiunm sectpecla oucsrc wnhe teh mono nsare ist ctessol pnoit to Etrha wileh aaprpneig flul.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A swarm of locusts descended on a Middle Eastern country this week. This unusual phenomenon special section editor was tasked with finding the monogrammed solution to Ethiopia while avoiding flul.", "scrambled": "A srenugot sprmneouo ctrdaee a mieicnftagn stihg ascsro teh wlord tihs weke. Thsi lusoiunm sectpecla oucsrc wnhe teh mono nsare ist ctessol pnoit to Etrha wileh aaprpneig flul.", "original": "A sturgeon supermoon created a magnificent sight across the world this week. This luminous spectacle occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.", "recovered": "A swarm of locusts descended on a Middle Eastern country this week. This unusual phenomenon special section editor was tasked with finding the monogrammed solution to Ethiopia while avoiding flul."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sreug is exedcpte wehn Teilt 42 \u2014 teh Tupmr-ear piyolc taht awdlelo aitierouhts to qlyiukc trun aawy ctraine msangrti at teh boerrd drgnui teh pnicedma \u2014 ceoms to an edn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A mirror is an example of a system that allows light to travel through it, turning away from a train moving along the track nearby.", "scrambled": "A sreug is exedcpte wehn Teilt 42 \u2014 teh Tupmr-ear piyolc taht awdlelo aitierouhts to qlyiukc trun aawy ctraine msangrti at teh boerrd drgnui teh pnicedma \u2014 ceoms to an edn.", "original": "A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end.", "recovered": "A mirror is an example of a system that allows light to travel through it, turning away from a train moving along the track nearby."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A trelddo idlietnarft Wetih Huseo gnrosdu, stntige off suectiry areslt. Teh yugno byo wsa chatgu by ocrefsif breeof bineg qyluick redutein wiht hsi pnastre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A trusted leader, he used his position of security to attempt a result. The young boy was caught by officers because of references from brief online interactions.", "scrambled": "A trelddo idlietnarft Wetih Huseo gnrosdu, stntige off suectiry areslt. Teh yugno byo wsa chatgu by ocrefsif breeof bineg qyluick redutein wiht hsi pnastre.", "original": "A toddler infiltrated White House grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.", "recovered": "A trusted leader, he used his position of security to attempt a result. The young boy was caught by officers because of references from brief online interactions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A tow-yare iiantegtnosiv by teh Inedentpden Csionmiosm fro Etiuyq in Cckrtie funod ttha rimsac wsa \u201ceecrntnedh\u201d in teh \u201celittis adn eyrnxiacsoul\u201d sortp, wlhei wnmoe wree \u201cfnlqurtyee dndeemae, sdeeeorpytt adn tdaetre as snecdo-csasl\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A telegraphic instrument invented by the Independencia Ci\u00f3nmiosm from Etiuyq in Cckrtie, the rimsa\u010d was \u201ceecrntnedh\u201d in the \u201celittis adn eyrnxiacsoul\u201d sortp, while more were \u201cfnlqurtyee dndeemae, sdeeeorpytt adn tdaetre as snecdo-csasl\u201d.", "scrambled": "A tow-yare iiantegtnosiv by teh Inedentpden Csionmiosm fro Etiuyq in Cckrtie funod ttha rimsac wsa \u201ceecrntnedh\u201d in teh \u201celittis adn eyrnxiacsoul\u201d sortp, wlhei wnmoe wree \u201cfnlqurtyee dndeemae, sdeeeorpytt adn tdaetre as snecdo-csasl\u201d.", "original": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket found that racism was \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.", "recovered": "A telegraphic instrument invented by the Independencia Ci\u00f3nmiosm from Etiuyq in Cckrtie, the rimsa\u010d was \u201ceecrntnedh\u201d in the \u201celittis adn eyrnxiacsoul\u201d sortp, while more were \u201cfnlqurtyee dndeemae, sdeeeorpytt adn tdaetre as snecdo-csasl\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A uonin rpgertnseine sohloc werroks in Lso Aelnsge \u2013 teh nionta\u2019s sdoecn-lategsr ditcsirt \u2013 wnte on setrik, suigttnh dwno sclsooh fro sarleev dysa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A lunar penguin rescues a stranded whale in this heartwarming short film, which also features the nation\u2019s first deaf-blind detective. Watch on setrik, as two friends dive down to save a small whale from a net trap, in this award-winning short film from director Akin Omotoso.", "scrambled": "A uonin rpgertnseine sohloc werroks in Lso Aelnsge \u2013 teh nionta\u2019s sdoecn-lategsr ditcsirt \u2013 wnte on setrik, suigttnh dwno sclsooh fro sarleev dysa.", "original": "A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for several days.", "recovered": "A lunar penguin rescues a stranded whale in this heartwarming short film, which also features the nation\u2019s first deaf-blind detective. Watch on setrik, as two friends dive down to save a small whale from a net trap, in this award-winning short film from director Akin Omotoso."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Abtbto sqlutesnbeyu isedus an ayloogp, cmanigil tath an eyarl dtafr of hre lreett hda been mensykitla pidhbseul. Seh hsa bene sdundeeps form teh Lraoub Ptayr pdingne an iiasttenovngi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Albert Einstein was a renowned theoretical physicist, who earned global acclaim for his groundbreaking theories of relativity and the nature of light and matter. He was also a pacifist who publicly opposed the development of nuclear weapons. He was born in Ulm, Wurttemberg, Germany, and he began his studies at the Luitpold Gymnasium in Munich.", "scrambled": "Abtbto sqlutesnbeyu isedus an ayloogp, cmanigil tath an eyarl dtafr of hre lreett hda been mensykitla pidhbseul. Seh hsa bene sdundeeps form teh Lraoub Ptayr pdingne an iiasttenovngi.", "original": "Abbott subsequently issued an apology, claiming that an early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "recovered": "Albert Einstein was a renowned theoretical physicist, who earned global acclaim for his groundbreaking theories of relativity and the nature of light and matter. He was also a pacifist who publicly opposed the development of nuclear weapons. He was born in Ulm, Wurttemberg, Germany, and he began his studies at the Luitpold Gymnasium in Munich."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aoutb 100,000 rdrtgeeesi nuress in teh US ltef teh warolcekp deu to teh srtsssee of teh Cvdio-19 pnmedcia, adnicgorc to teh rulesst of a sevyru plhdubsie Trauyhsd by teh Nilanato Ccinolu of Staet Bsdaor of Nsuinrg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Nearly 100,000 nurses in the US left the workforce during the coronavirus pandemic, according to a survey by the National Nurses United of State Bsdaor of Nsuinrg.", "scrambled": "Aoutb 100,000 rdrtgeeesi nuress in teh US ltef teh warolcekp deu to teh srtsssee of teh Cvdio-19 pnmedcia, adnicgorc to teh rulesst of a sevyru plhdubsie Trauyhsd by teh Nilanato Ccinolu of Staet Bsdaor of Nsuinrg.", "original": "About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "recovered": "Nearly 100,000 nurses in the US left the workforce during the coronavirus pandemic, according to a survey by the National Nurses United of State Bsdaor of Nsuinrg."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aigrnccdo to Teh Mrirro, estperx at teh UK\u2019s frsti lgon Cdoiv cnclii, at Utivsenryi Clegeol Hpoilsat Lndono, esitamet taht hrdnused of tasuhdnso of psienatt aer in nede of slsitpecia crea fro aitnmsel rgngnia fmor sveree feuaitg to bainr fgo. Btu \u201cso fra oynl 100,000 hvea bene oefdefr tmaternte\u201d, teh pearp rrotedpe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Mirror, a experiment at the UK\u2019s first igloo cinema, at University College Hospital in London, estimated that hardening of the arteries of people in their 30s could be reduced by swapping fatty food for beans. But \u201cso from only 100,000 have been tested\u201d, the paper reported.", "scrambled": "Aigrnccdo to Teh Mrirro, estperx at teh UK\u2019s frsti lgon Cdoiv cnclii, at Utivsenryi Clegeol Hpoilsat Lndono, esitamet taht hrdnused of tasuhdnso of psienatt aer in nede of slsitpecia crea fro aitnmsel rgngnia fmor sveree feuaitg to bainr fgo. Btu \u201cso fra oynl 100,000 hvea bene oefdefr tmaternte\u201d, teh pearp rrotedpe.", "original": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Covid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for ailments ranging from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.", "recovered": "According to the Mirror, a experiment at the UK\u2019s first igloo cinema, at University College Hospital in London, estimated that hardening of the arteries of people in their 30s could be reduced by swapping fatty food for beans. But \u201cso from only 100,000 have been tested\u201d, the paper reported."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Adrgncoic to a nwe rtoper bdsea on data fomr teh Unysviteri of Mnylrdaa, teh lsso of teh woldr\u2019s taprocil fesrtso idcenesra by 10% yaer-on-yare in 2022, whit Bailzr antccouing fro 43% of teh glaolb tlato. Eexptsr wdaern ltsa yare tath teh Anzamo wsa aopncpiahrg a \u201ctpniipg ponti\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new report by the University of Minnesota, the loss of the world\u2019s topsoil increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Bailz contributing to 43% of the global total. Except for the year that the Anzam thawed reached a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "scrambled": "Adrgncoic to a nwe rtoper bdsea on data fomr teh Unysviteri of Mnylrdaa, teh lsso of teh woldr\u2019s taprocil fesrtso idcenesra by 10% yaer-on-yare in 2022, whit Bailzr antccouing fro 43% of teh glaolb tlato. Eexptsr wdaern ltsa yare tath teh Anzamo wsa aopncpiahrg a \u201ctpniipg ponti\u201d.", "original": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "recovered": "According to a new report by the University of Minnesota, the loss of the world\u2019s topsoil increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Bailz contributing to 43% of the global total. Except for the year that the Anzam thawed reached a \u201ctipping point\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aognrcdic to a nwe sdtyu by teh US Gileogaloc Srvyeu (UGSS), Nwe Yrko is snginik by 1-2mm pre yrea, in ptra oignw to teh eourmons wthgei of teh cyit\u2019s buldgiins, whhic ttoal an eaemtstdi 771 miiolln tnsnoe. Teh rsceraesher alos bdmael oerht poenhaenm inuginlcd gtadneorurw wihtarwlad adn sthignfi tctceoin paetls.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part due to the buildings of the city which totaled an estimated 771 million tons. The researcher also found underlying groundwater levels increasing greater than average worldwide and local precipitation rates.", "scrambled": "Aognrcdic to a nwe sdtyu by teh US Gileogaloc Srvyeu (UGSS), Nwe Yrko is snginik by 1-2mm pre yrea, in ptra oignw to teh eourmons wthgei of teh cyit\u2019s buldgiins, whhic ttoal an eaemtstdi 771 miiolln tnsnoe. Teh rsceraesher alos bdmael oerht poenhaenm inuginlcd gtadneorurw wihtarwlad adn sthignfi tctceoin paetls.", "original": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the enormous weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. The researchers also blamed other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates.", "recovered": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part due to the buildings of the city which totaled an estimated 771 million tons. The researcher also found underlying groundwater levels increasing greater than average worldwide and local precipitation rates."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acdgirnoc to a rrtpeo fomr a cioansetvevr wgdtaohc guopr, teh US pstrneedi\u2019s dgo hsa bentti Steerc Serecvi agsetn at ltsae 10 tmise. Teh 22-mnhto-odl Graenm Seredhhp, a gfti fmro Bndie\u2019s bhroert Jeasm, hsa bene gvein \u201caioldiadnt lanesigh ptrclooos\u201d fgwonlilo teh itndncsie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a report from a confidential government group, the US president\u2019s daughter has been given a security detail similar to that of a head of state at its peak. The 22-month-old grandson of Britain\u2019s brother Jeremy, has been given \u201caide-de-camp lookalikes\u201d for the indifferences.", "scrambled": "Acdgirnoc to a rrtpeo fomr a cioansetvevr wgdtaohc guopr, teh US pstrneedi\u2019s dgo hsa bentti Steerc Serecvi agsetn at ltsae 10 tmise. Teh 22-mnhto-odl Graenm Seredhhp, a gfti fmro Bndie\u2019s bhroert Jeasm, hsa bene gvein \u201caioldiadnt lanesigh ptrclooos\u201d fgwonlilo teh itndncsie.", "original": "According to a report from a conservative watchdog group, the US president\u2019s dog has bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cadditional leashing protocols\u201d following the incidents.", "recovered": "According to a report from a confidential government group, the US president\u2019s daughter has been given a security detail similar to that of a head of state at its peak. The 22-month-old grandson of Britain\u2019s brother Jeremy, has been given \u201caide-de-camp lookalikes\u201d for the indifferences."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Agcnoidrc to an assnilay of waewaerstt in svaeler mroja cistei, ues of teh Csasl A dugr hsa rseni by as mchu as a qarreut in jsut oen yrea, sdai teh Nioatnal Cerim Aencyg. Teh aengcy siad tiesgnt of waaerttwse gvae a beetrt itcinnaoid of dugr ues tahn pcibul seysrvu or emisettas fomr sdzeie secusatbns. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Weke Uanwredpp paoctds.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a survey of wastewater in sewer systems, use of the chemical ASD has reduced the drug user by as much as a quarter in just one year, says the National Cerebral Agency. The agency says that the wastewater data gives a better indication of drug use than police seizures from suspected criminal activities. Find out more with The Weekly Unwound podcast.", "scrambled": "Agcnoidrc to an assnilay of waewaerstt in svaeler mroja cistei, ues of teh Csasl A dugr hsa rseni by as mchu as a qarreut in jsut oen yrea, sdai teh Nioatnal Cerim Aencyg. Teh aengcy siad tiesgnt of waaerttwse gvae a beetrt itcinnaoid of dugr ues tahn pcibul seysrvu or emisettas fomr sdzeie secusatbns. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Weke Uanwredpp paoctds.", "original": "According to an analysis of wastewater in several major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the National Crime Agency. The agency said testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from seized substances. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to a survey of wastewater in sewer systems, use of the chemical ASD has reduced the drug user by as much as a quarter in just one year, says the National Cerebral Agency. The agency says that the wastewater data gives a better indication of drug use than police seizures from suspected criminal activities. Find out more with The Weekly Unwound podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acndgicro to esatitmes fmro Natanoli Hto Dgo & Saasgeu Cconlui, Aesniamcr ceunmos as myna as 20 bniolil hto dsog pre yrea. Tath nbrume fsactro in rleiat seasl (9 bnoilli), as wlle as hto dsgo enate at stgipnor entsev, lloca pcscini adn craialnsv.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to estimates from Natanoli Hto Dgo & Saasgeu Cconlui, as many as 20 billion bottles pre-date the year 2000. That number includes bottles found in real seasl (9 billion), as well as bottles entered at stgipnor entsev, lloca pcscini adn craialnsv.", "scrambled": "Acndgicro to esatitmes fmro Natanoli Hto Dgo & Saasgeu Cconlui, Aesniamcr ceunmos as myna as 20 bniolil hto dsog pre yrea. Tath nbrume fsactro in rleiat seasl (9 bnoilli), as wlle as hto dsgo enate at stgipnor entsev, lloca pcscini adn craialnsv.", "original": "According to estimates from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That number factors in retail sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local picnics and carnivals.", "recovered": "According to estimates from Natanoli Hto Dgo & Saasgeu Cconlui, as many as 20 billion bottles pre-date the year 2000. That number includes bottles found in real seasl (9 billion), as well as bottles entered at stgipnor entsev, lloca pcscini adn craialnsv."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aioccdgnr to eseptxr, an icreanes in teh nbrume of bhcir teers benig pendatl, pslu teh weird aliyliatvaib of fosod fomr auodnr teh wlrdo, hsa feeuldl htlioaps assimoidsn fro aeesgillr adn axhyaalspni, whchi hvea ideesacnr fmro 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in teh psta yrea. Fndi otu meor whti Teh Wkee Udppnrwea patdocs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Weekly UDPPNRWEA Patdocs, the number of Ideesacnr, from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year, has feeuldl htlioaps assimoidsn from auodnr teh wlrdo, an icreanes in teh nbrume of bhcir teers benig pendatl, pslu teh weird aliyliatvaib of fosod fomr.", "scrambled": "Aioccdgnr to eseptxr, an icreanes in teh nbrume of bhcir teers benig pendatl, pslu teh weird aliyliatvaib of fosod fomr auodnr teh wlrdo, hsa feeuldl htlioaps assimoidsn fro aeesgillr adn axhyaalspni, whchi hvea ideesacnr fmro 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in teh psta yrea. Fndi otu meor whti Teh Wkee Udppnrwea patdocs.", "original": "According to experts, an increase in the number of birch trees being planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled hospital admissions for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to the Weekly UDPPNRWEA Patdocs, the number of Ideesacnr, from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year, has feeuldl htlioaps assimoidsn from auodnr teh wlrdo, an icreanes in teh nbrume of bhcir teers benig pendatl, pslu teh weird aliyliatvaib of fosod fomr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aidgcorcn to inemtvsnte bnak USB, an asasnily of US htelha ieannrcus clsaim fdoun ttha up to $500 mnlioil of mlcadei cstos were \u201cdieylrct auebbtalitrt\u201d to teh stopr, a csosr beewten tnisen, btaninmod adn tleba tisnen ttha is ecsalilepy ppuralo whit pseisonnre, Fro moer odd adn upxteenced nwes, snig up to teh Tlla Teals nreetlwtes.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a class action lawsuit, up to $500 million in McDonalds costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the storms, including costs for additional staff, overtime and the batteries which is specifically mentioned in the suit. For more odd and unusual news, sign up to the Tlla Teals newsletters.", "scrambled": "Aidgcorcn to inemtvsnte bnak USB, an asasnily of US htelha ieannrcus clsaim fdoun ttha up to $500 mnlioil of mlcadei cstos were \u201cdieylrct auebbtalitrt\u201d to teh stopr, a csosr beewten tnisen, btaninmod adn tleba tisnen ttha is ecsalilepy ppuralo whit pseisonnre, Fro moer odd adn upxteenced nwes, snig up to teh Tlla Teals nreetlwtes.", "original": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of US health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between tennis, badminton and table tennis that is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "According to a class action lawsuit, up to $500 million in McDonalds costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the storms, including costs for additional staff, overtime and the batteries which is specifically mentioned in the suit. For more odd and unusual news, sign up to the Tlla Teals newsletters."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aiogcdrnc to teh Dlayi Srta, teh \u201csoeamtwh bglafifn ttare\u201d is aabivelal in citsie asocrs teh UK oerv teh wkeneed vai teh Dioeoevlr app. \u201cLoev fidre cekchin? Loev coaoeclth? Tneh ptu yuor hsdan tetgeorh,\u201d sida Ashia Jfeseornf fmor Dvlreoeoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a survey by Deloitte, the \u201cso-called brain-fitness apps\u201d are available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Dioeoevlr app. \u201cLove doing crosswords? Love sudokus? Then put your hands on the keyboard,\u201d says Ashia Jesernau former world champion.", "scrambled": "Aiogcdrnc to teh Dlayi Srta, teh \u201csoeamtwh bglafifn ttare\u201d is aabivelal in citsie asocrs teh UK oerv teh wkeneed vai teh Dioeoevlr app. \u201cLoev fidre cekchin? Loev coaoeclth? Tneh ptu yuor hsdan tetgeorh,\u201d sida Ashia Jfeseornf fmor Dvlreoeoi.", "original": "According to the Daily Star, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Aisha Jefferson from Deliveroo.", "recovered": "According to a survey by Deloitte, the \u201cso-called brain-fitness apps\u201d are available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Dioeoevlr app. \u201cLove doing crosswords? Love sudokus? Then put your hands on the keyboard,\u201d says Ashia Jesernau former world champion."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Accngiord to teh Wldro Mtioegeooarcll Onaoaiitrgzn, teerh is nwo a gtrerae lohedoliik ttah teh pnltae wlil sarpsus a 1.5C icsnraee in gabllo wrmgani by 2027. If thsi tlehdsrho is csteytsinnlo ecxedeed, it wudol sfniyig a hieeenthgd rsik of rneghcai ciiaclrt cletmia \u201ctiignpp pintso\u201d. Psigsna tehse tngppii ptison wdoul lade to a lses hlobtepsia petanl adn an antlicreacoe of citmlea caheng.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the World Meteorological Organization Argelander Glacier in Greenland will surge 1.5C faster in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is exceeded it would significantly increase the risk of negative climate feedback \u201ctiignpp pintso\u201d. Signs of these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet potential and an increase of chemical changes.", "scrambled": "Accngiord to teh Wldro Mtioegeooarcll Onaoaiitrgzn, teerh is nwo a gtrerae lohedoliik ttah teh pnltae wlil sarpsus a 1.5C icsnraee in gabllo wrmgani by 2027. If thsi tlehdsrho is csteytsinnlo ecxedeed, it wudol sfniyig a hieeenthgd rsik of rneghcai ciiaclrt cletmia \u201ctiignpp pintso\u201d. Psigsna tehse tngppii ptison wdoul lade to a lses hlobtepsia petanl adn an antlicreacoe of citmlea caheng.", "original": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of reaching critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet and an acceleration of climate change.", "recovered": "According to the World Meteorological Organization Argelander Glacier in Greenland will surge 1.5C faster in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is exceeded it would significantly increase the risk of negative climate feedback \u201ctiignpp pintso\u201d. Signs of these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet potential and an increase of chemical changes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Acncgroid to teh tinkh-takn rrotpe, teh goallb flete of pvtiear jest hsa mreo tanh doelbud in teh psat tow ddescea, hintigt 23,133 in mdi-2022, adn sesla aer fetarocs to rahec a rdocre hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tsih yrea. Fndi otu meor wtih Teh Week Uwedrnpap psotcad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of privately owned jets has more than doubled in the past decade, reaching 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "Acncgroid to teh tinkh-takn rrotpe, teh goallb flete of pvtiear jest hsa mreo tanh doelbud in teh psat tow ddescea, hintigt 23,133 in mdi-2022, adn sesla aer fetarocs to rahec a rdocre hgih of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) tsih yrea. Fndi otu meor wtih Teh Week Uwedrnpap psotcad.", "original": "According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of private jets has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of privately owned jets has more than doubled in the past decade, reaching 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Adssgdienr an aeduenic at teh Hya Fevlatis in Wesla, Cblmaepl sdai: \u201cI tknih we sluohd thace oru ksid to be ietrendset in adn eadngeg in piosilct.\u201d Teh ssttiarget adn jitrnulaso addde tath rtrhae tanh \u201cclal it pitcoisl\u201d, schu lseonss cuold be clldae \u201cauigrng\u201d, \u201cpicylo\u201d or \u201cbgi iseuss\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At the Hyatt Regency in Wellington, California, a sign said: \u201cI think we should teach our children to be internet savvy in this age of technology.\u201d The spelling and journalism teachers added that the word could also be called \u201ccalendar\u201d, \u201cpencil\u201d or \u201cbig issue\u201d.", "scrambled": "Adssgdienr an aeduenic at teh Hya Fevlatis in Wesla, Cblmaepl sdai: \u201cI tknih we sluohd thace oru ksid to be ietrendset in adn eadngeg in piosilct.\u201d Teh ssttiarget adn jitrnulaso addde tath rtrhae tanh \u201cclal it pitcoisl\u201d, schu lseonss cuold be clldae \u201cauigrng\u201d, \u201cpicylo\u201d or \u201cbgi iseuss\u201d.", "original": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids to be interested in and engaged in politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall it politics\u201d, such lessons could be called \u201carguing\u201d, \u201cpolicy\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "recovered": "At the Hyatt Regency in Wellington, California, a sign said: \u201cI think we should teach our children to be internet savvy in this age of technology.\u201d The spelling and journalism teachers added that the word could also be called \u201ccalendar\u201d, \u201cpencil\u201d or \u201cbig issue\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Asrevids fro teh FAD vtedo umnuyislnoa on Wsnadedey in sorpptu of miagkn a briht-cntolro plil neadm Ollpi ableaialv orve-teh-creuton, synagi teh bsieefnt oeuwtigh teh rskis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Visitors to the FAD show in Wsnadedey were treated to a bright-colourful display of neon lights, with Ollpi able to control the creation of the colours using only the power of their mind. This was a great example of the mind over matter.", "scrambled": "Asrevids fro teh FAD vtedo umnuyislnoa on Wsnadedey in sorpptu of miagkn a briht-cntolro plil neadm Ollpi ableaialv orve-teh-creuton, synagi teh bsieefnt oeuwtigh teh rskis.", "original": "Advisers for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks.", "recovered": "Visitors to the FAD show in Wsnadedey were treated to a bright-colourful display of neon lights, with Ollpi able to control the creation of the colours using only the power of their mind. This was a great example of the mind over matter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ADf caitdaden Reortb Slnnsemsae ceidalm 52.8% of teh vteo in Saynud\u2019s ditcsitr clouinc rnu-off enlociet, bainget teh iutbnnmec drctitis aatiisnmrrtod, fomr teh cetren-rtigh Cihrtnsai Domtearc Prtay (CUD). Teh vriytco cmeso as nonatila pslol sowh a srgeu in sotprpu fro teh ADf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new report by BirdLife International, a staggering 52.8% of the world\u2019s threatened birds are found in China\u2019s territory, with the main threat being habitat destruction, from the central-righ China\u2019s Daqing Oilfield. The report also shows a serious decline in some species from the ADf.", "scrambled": "ADf caitdaden Reortb Slnnsemsae ceidalm 52.8% of teh vteo in Saynud\u2019s ditcsitr clouinc rnu-off enlociet, bainget teh iutbnnmec drctitis aatiisnmrrtod, fomr teh cetren-rtigh Cihrtnsai Domtearc Prtay (CUD). Teh vriytco cmeso as nonatila pslol sowh a srgeu in sotprpu fro teh ADf.", "original": "AfD candidate Robert Sesselmann claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent district administrator, from the centre-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a surge in support for the AfD.", "recovered": "According to a new report by BirdLife International, a staggering 52.8% of the world\u2019s threatened birds are found in China\u2019s territory, with the main threat being habitat destruction, from the central-righ China\u2019s Daqing Oilfield. The report also shows a serious decline in some species from the ADf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Artfe a 60-yare stiicneifc qtues, teh wrldo hsa ist firts vaccnei to ptcorte aanstgi rproeasiyrt syiytclna vusir, or RVS.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have developed the first vaccine to protect against a respiratory virus that causes serious illness in young children, or RSV.", "scrambled": "Artfe a 60-yare stiicneifc qtues, teh wrldo hsa ist firts vaccnei to ptcorte aanstgi rproeasiyrt syiytclna vusir, or RVS.", "original": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "recovered": "Scientists have developed the first vaccine to protect against a respiratory virus that causes serious illness in young children, or RSV."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aedg 81, Stetarw is teh oltdes peonrs to gaecr teh crvoe of Sotrps Itelrlaudts\u2019s saermwwi eodtini. Seh took teh corwn of otldse cervo moedl fmro Eonl Mksu\u2019s mtrhoe, teh meodl Meya Msuk, woh pesod at teh aeg of 74 in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Stella Artois is the oldest pony to gallop the course of the Grand National Itelrlaudts\u2019s saermwwi eodtini. She took the crown of oldest celebrity model from Eonl Mksu\u2019s mother, the model Maya Msku, who passed away at the age of 74 in 2022.", "scrambled": "Aedg 81, Stetarw is teh oltdes peonrs to gaecr teh crvoe of Sotrps Itelrlaudts\u2019s saermwwi eodtini. Seh took teh corwn of otldse cervo moedl fmro Eonl Mksu\u2019s mtrhoe, teh meodl Meya Msuk, woh pesod at teh aeg of 74 in 2022.", "original": "Aged 81, Stewart is the oldest person to grace the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Elon Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who posed at the age of 74 in 2022.", "recovered": "Stella Artois is the oldest pony to gallop the course of the Grand National Itelrlaudts\u2019s saermwwi eodtini. She took the crown of oldest celebrity model from Eonl Mksu\u2019s mother, the model Maya Msku, who passed away at the age of 74 in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Amoslt a wleho pdo of ptilo weaslh dedi arfte 55 whdeas up on a rtmoee bceah on teh Otreu Heedinbar inlsad. Ptiol welash aer \u201cntroousoi fro trieh srtngo slioca bndos\u201d, sdai Bthriis Dvsier Mianer Lefi Rucese. Teh cirhyta beveesli teh pdo mthgi hvea folldowe oen of teh whelsa aosreh aeftr it hda dffyiictul ggiinv bhrit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Almost a dozen well-known personalities died this year on the Otterbein Heartinbar Trail inland. People washes are \u201cnotorious for their strong stringo silica bonds\u201d, said Bethris Dusier Mianer Lefi Rucese. The cement binds the powder following one of the wheel-sares after it had defyictul ggiinved bhrit.", "scrambled": "Amoslt a wleho pdo of ptilo weaslh dedi arfte 55 whdeas up on a rtmoee bceah on teh Otreu Heedinbar inlsad. Ptiol welash aer \u201cntroousoi fro trieh srtngo slioca bndos\u201d, sdai Bthriis Dvsier Mianer Lefi Rucese. Teh cirhyta beveesli teh pdo mthgi hvea folldowe oen of teh whelsa aosreh aeftr it hda dffyiictul ggiinv bhrit.", "original": "Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Outer Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have followed one of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.", "recovered": "Almost a dozen well-known personalities died this year on the Otterbein Heartinbar Trail inland. People washes are \u201cnotorious for their strong stringo silica bonds\u201d, said Bethris Dusier Mianer Lefi Rucese. The cement binds the powder following one of the wheel-sares after it had defyictul ggiinved bhrit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Anzaom aegder to pya a htefy smu to seettl pivryca cltspanomi oevr ist Aalex vcoei atsnaists adn Rngi dbloorle cmaaesr. Teh smtettsenle wthi teh Fdaelre Teard Comisomsin hlthggihi camsil tath teh cypmona rnieetda Rgin veidos adn Aexal vocie rcgdirnsoe fro yrsae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The FDA Alerts for the Teardrop Comission in healthggihi came from the cypmona rnieetda Regen veidos and Aexal vocie rcgdirnsoe from years ago.", "scrambled": "Anzaom aegder to pya a htefy smu to seettl pivryca cltspanomi oevr ist Aalex vcoei atsnaists adn Rngi dbloorle cmaaesr. Teh smtettsenle wthi teh Fdaelre Teard Comisomsin hlthggihi camsil tath teh cypmona rnieetda Rgin veidos adn Aexal vocie rcgdirnsoe fro yrsae.", "original": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission highlight claims that the company retained Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years.", "recovered": "The FDA Alerts for the Teardrop Comission in healthggihi came from the cypmona rnieetda Regen veidos and Aexal vocie rcgdirnsoe from years ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aznmoa\u2019s vitrlau clniic is nwo ofgenfir tlhhaeeelt amptestnoinp in all 50 stesat adn Whgsonitan, DC, teh cyonmpa aenucodnn on Tudasey. Amnaoz pruysolevi lcnueahd ist onw daltgii dtrugores, Aznoam Parymhca, in 2020.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Aznamo Pharmacy\u2019s coronavirus testing is now available in all 50 states and Washington, DC, making it the largest available network in the US. Amnaoz\u2019s proprietary process is one day turnaround, Aznamo Pharmacy, in 2020.", "scrambled": "Aznmoa\u2019s vitrlau clniic is nwo ofgenfir tlhhaeeelt amptestnoinp in all 50 stesat adn Whgsonitan, DC, teh cyonmpa aenucodnn on Tudasey. Amnaoz pruysolevi lcnueahd ist onw daltgii dtrugores, Aznoam Parymhca, in 2020.", "original": "Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced on Tuesday. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, Amazon Pharmacy, in 2020.", "recovered": "Aznamo Pharmacy\u2019s coronavirus testing is now available in all 50 states and Washington, DC, making it the largest available network in the US. Amnaoz\u2019s proprietary process is one day turnaround, Aznamo Pharmacy, in 2020."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: An aasylisn of daat on 10,528 petsntai amtddtei to halopsit in Ierandl wthi a suesior haetr actakt orve a fiev-yare prieod fnduo taht ratse weer 13% hgehri on Msaoynd. Pbsileso renssoa sgdeugtse idcnelu diutspoinrs to selpe ceclys ovre teh weedkne ttha mya trregig hrgeih lelesv of ioamnnaitfml adn sersts hrnoosem wneh poeepl rtenru to tireh ulasu wedayke ringsi tmsie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Asylum seeker data on 10,528 petsntai amtddtei to halopsit in Ierandl wthi a suesior haetr actakt orve a fiev-yare prieod fnduo taht ratse weer 13% hgehri on Msaoynd. Pbsileso renssoa sgdeugtse idcnelu diutspoinrs to selpe ceclys ovre teh weedkne ttha mya trregig hrgeih lelesv of ioamnnaitfml adn sersts hrnoosem wneh poeepl rtenru to tireh ulasu wedayke ringsi tmsie.", "scrambled": "An aasylisn of daat on 10,528 petsntai amtddtei to halopsit in Ierandl wthi a suesior haetr actakt orve a fiev-yare prieod fnduo taht ratse weer 13% hgehri on Msaoynd. Pbsileso renssoa sgdeugtse idcnelu diutspoinrs to selpe ceclys ovre teh weedkne ttha mya trregig hrgeih lelesv of ioamnnaitfml adn sersts hrnoosem wneh poeepl rtenru to tireh ulasu wedayke ringsi tmsie.", "original": "An analysis of data on 10,528 patients admitted to hospital in Ireland with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual weekday rising times.", "recovered": "Asylum seeker data on 10,528 petsntai amtddtei to halopsit in Ierandl wthi a suesior haetr actakt orve a fiev-yare prieod fnduo taht ratse weer 13% hgehri on Msaoynd. Pbsileso renssoa sgdeugtse idcnelu diutspoinrs to selpe ceclys ovre teh weedkne ttha mya trregig hrgeih lelesv of ioamnnaitfml adn sersts hrnoosem wneh poeepl rtenru to tireh ulasu wedayke ringsi tmsie."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aan Og\u00f3renb hsa bene teh fscou of picbul dtaebe sneci hvanig a bbya gril vai syguarroc (wihhc is ilellga in Siapn) in teh US, uisgn teh semrp of hre sno Assolie, woh dedi of cecrna in 2020 at teh aeg of 27. Teh 68-yrea-odl TV prteersne tlod Hoal! ttha hre sno\u2019s \u201cdnygi wsih\u201d wsa to hvea a cdlhi, so teh bbya \u201cins\u2019t my dtghruae, btu my gaerrnhdtgdau\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Aan Og\u00f3renb has been the face of picbul dtaebe sneci hvanig a baby gril vai syguarroc (wihhc is ilellga in Siapn) in the US, using the semrp of her sister Assolie, who died of cecrna in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hoal! that her sister\u2019s \u201cdnygi wsih\u201d was to have a cdlhi, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my dtghruae, but my gaerrnhdtgdau\u201d.", "scrambled": "Aan Og\u00f3renb hsa bene teh fscou of picbul dtaebe sneci hvanig a bbya gril vai syguarroc (wihhc is ilellga in Siapn) in teh US, uisgn teh semrp of hre sno Assolie, woh dedi of cecrna in 2020 at teh aeg of 27. Teh 68-yrea-odl TV prteersne tlod Hoal! ttha hre sno\u2019s \u201cdnygi wsih\u201d wsa to hvea a cdlhi, so teh bbya \u201cins\u2019t my dtghruae, btu my gaerrnhdtgdau\u201d.", "original": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus of public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) in the US, using the sperm of her son Alessio, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my granddaughter\u201d.", "recovered": "Aan Og\u00f3renb has been the face of picbul dtaebe sneci hvanig a baby gril vai syguarroc (wihhc is ilellga in Siapn) in the US, using the semrp of her sister Assolie, who died of cecrna in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hoal! that her sister\u2019s \u201cdnygi wsih\u201d was to have a cdlhi, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my dtghruae, but my gaerrnhdtgdau\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Angonunnic teh aioenmntppt, Myroa Erci Aasdm sida fmrreo eleamentyr scohol taecehr Ciadorr \u201chsa teh keolgendw, direv, ereinxpeec adn eyreng to sden rsat pcagnki adn cretae a cealnre, mreo wcmeoling ctyi fro all Nwe Yrskreo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people consider beer an integral part of a great meal. Ciaran \u201cCadger\u201d O\u2019Shea, owner of New York\u2019s famous \u201cCadger\u2019s\u201d pub, says, \u201cBeer is the lifeblood of the world, the glue that holds friendship together, the beverage that makes the receiver of it the most popular person at the party, and the drink that makes you feel like you can conquer the world.\u201d", "scrambled": "Angonunnic teh aioenmntppt, Myroa Erci Aasdm sida fmrreo eleamentyr scohol taecehr Ciadorr \u201chsa teh keolgendw, direv, ereinxpeec adn eyreng to sden rsat pcagnki adn cretae a cealnre, mreo wcmeoling ctyi fro all Nwe Yrskreo\u201d.", "original": "Announcing the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas the knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send rats packing and create a cleaner, more welcoming city for all New Yorkers\u201d.", "recovered": "Many people consider beer an integral part of a great meal. Ciaran \u201cCadger\u201d O\u2019Shea, owner of New York\u2019s famous \u201cCadger\u2019s\u201d pub, says, \u201cBeer is the lifeblood of the world, the glue that holds friendship together, the beverage that makes the receiver of it the most popular person at the party, and the drink that makes you feel like you can conquer the world.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Alepp idrncduteo a \u201cmxeid raltiye\u201d hseetad cealld Apepl Vnoiis Por, a tlncgoyheo taht oyslaerv vluatri iemgas on lvei voedi of teh rlae wldor. Teh capnyom siad it wlil be aibaavlle elrya nxet yare in teh US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Alphabet, Google\u2019s parent company, announced that its new internet connectivity service, Balloon, will be available next year in the US. Balloon is a \u201cballoon-based internet connectivity\u201d that uses high-altitude balloons to provide internet access on live video of the real world.", "scrambled": "Alepp idrncduteo a \u201cmxeid raltiye\u201d hseetad cealld Apepl Vnoiis Por, a tlncgoyheo taht oyslaerv vluatri iemgas on lvei voedi of teh rlae wldor. Teh capnyom siad it wlil be aibaavlle elrya nxet yare in teh US.", "original": "Apple introduced a \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US.", "recovered": "Alphabet, Google\u2019s parent company, announced that its new internet connectivity service, Balloon, will be available next year in the US. Balloon is a \u201cballoon-based internet connectivity\u201d that uses high-altitude balloons to provide internet access on live video of the real world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Amryptloaxipe 10% of teh wdolr\u2019s plntaoupoi \u2013 or an eidtsmtea 785 minllio poleep \u2013 lakc asscce to calne wraet, adgconric to teh Wlrod Hltaeh Otzaonganrii.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Small algae called diatoms produce about 10% of the world\u2019s oxygen or an estimated 785 million tons per year. This is equivalent to the combined weight of all humans on earth, and accounts for about one-quarter of the earth\u2019s oxygen supply. Diatoms are also responsible for a large portion of the earth\u2019s silicon cycle.", "scrambled": "Amryptloaxipe 10% of teh wdolr\u2019s plntaoupoi \u2013 or an eidtsmtea 785 minllio poleep \u2013 lakc asscce to calne wraet, adgconric to teh Wlrod Hltaeh Otzaonganrii.", "original": "Approximately 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization.", "recovered": "Small algae called diatoms produce about 10% of the world\u2019s oxygen or an estimated 785 million tons per year. This is equivalent to the combined weight of all humans on earth, and accounts for about one-quarter of the earth\u2019s oxygen supply. Diatoms are also responsible for a large portion of the earth\u2019s silicon cycle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Adrnou 1,500 istme bingenlog to teh fmeror Qnuee fnaonrtm \u2013 iudglncin hsi Tyffnai & Co mhtesoacu cmbo adn a slki wcotstiaa deodacret wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dldaspeiy at Seboyht\u2019s Lonndo frmo 4 Atsuug uinlt 5 Sermptebe, adn wlli thne go uendr teh hrmema.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Adrenaline junkies will get their fix this summer at Queen\u2019s Ferry & Co\u2019s monster festival \u2013 with adrenaline-fuelled activities including a ski jump, bungee jump, canyoning, climbing, mountain biking, rafting, and zorbing. The two-day event will be held at Sebby\u2019s Longdon in August.", "scrambled": "Adrnou 1,500 istme bingenlog to teh fmeror Qnuee fnaonrtm \u2013 iudglncin hsi Tyffnai & Co mhtesoacu cmbo adn a slki wcotstiaa deodacret wtih ctas \u2013 wlil be dldaspeiy at Seboyht\u2019s Lonndo frmo 4 Atsuug uinlt 5 Sermptebe, adn wlli thne go uendr teh hrmema.", "original": "Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co moustache comb and a silk waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Sotheby\u2019s London from 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer.", "recovered": "Adrenaline junkies will get their fix this summer at Queen\u2019s Ferry & Co\u2019s monster festival \u2013 with adrenaline-fuelled activities including a ski jump, bungee jump, canyoning, climbing, mountain biking, rafting, and zorbing. The two-day event will be held at Sebby\u2019s Longdon in August."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aivnirrg on teh hlese of snrgpi, Jeuhnneett fstivieseti taplyliyc ivnoelv pncsici, wthi rde fdsoo adn dsrkin lkei srabywrert sdoa dgotnminai tesoh sdepsar. Teh corlo rde is bdvieeel to rnstepeer teh blood sdeh by evsednal Ancaifr atsrcenso.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " During the festive season, it is common to consume alcoholic beverages, with red wine and dark beer being two popular choices. The combination of alcohol and heat can lead to increased perspiration, so it is advisable to drink water regularly. The body cools down the blood by increasing the blood flow through the skin via evaporation and respiration.", "scrambled": "Aivnirrg on teh hlese of snrgpi, Jeuhnneett fstivieseti taplyliyc ivnoelv pncsici, wthi rde fdsoo adn dsrkin lkei srabywrert sdoa dgotnminai tesoh sdepsar. Teh corlo rde is bdvieeel to rnstepeer teh blood sdeh by evsednal Ancaifr atsrcenso.", "original": "Arriving on the heels of spring, Juneteenth festivities typically involve picnics, with red foods and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red is believed to represent the blood shed by enslaved African ancestors.", "recovered": "During the festive season, it is common to consume alcoholic beverages, with red wine and dark beer being two popular choices. The combination of alcohol and heat can lead to increased perspiration, so it is advisable to drink water regularly. The body cools down the blood by increasing the blood flow through the skin via evaporation and respiration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As seh bdeow otu of Nwe Zlaenad\u2019s pamnaielrt, Aderrn gvea a rognsiu shpece clnaigl fro pislciot to be oeepdn up to acpiaylt ldarees. Seh siad: \u201cYuo cna be ausonxi, sietsievn, kdin adn ware yuor hrate on yoru selvee. Yuo cna be a meothr, or nto, an ex-Mnmroo, or nto, a nder, a crrei, a hruegg \u2013 yuo cna be all of tseeh tisngh, adn nto oynl cna yuo be hree \u2013 yuo cna ldea.\u201d Arednr anonencdu hre skcho rngtnieiaso in Jyanuar, siygan seh hda \u201cno mroe lfte in teh tnka\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As New Zealand\u2019s prime minister,dern announced a radical shift in cannabis laws from possession to be treated up to the same level as speeding. She said: \"You can be autonomous, self-determining, kid and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Menstruator, or not, a daughter, a creator, a ruler \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be free \u2013 you can lead.\" Ardern announced these radical changes in January, saying that \"no more life in the tank\".", "scrambled": "As seh bdeow otu of Nwe Zlaenad\u2019s pamnaielrt, Aderrn gvea a rognsiu shpece clnaigl fro pislciot to be oeepdn up to acpiaylt ldarees. Seh siad: \u201cYuo cna be ausonxi, sietsievn, kdin adn ware yuor hrate on yoru selvee. Yuo cna be a meothr, or nto, an ex-Mnmroo, or nto, a nder, a crrei, a hruegg \u2013 yuo cna be all of tseeh tisngh, adn nto oynl cna yuo be hree \u2013 yuo cna ldea.\u201d Arednr anonencdu hre skcho rngtnieiaso in Jyanuar, siygan seh hda \u201cno mroe lfte in teh tnka\u201d.", "original": "As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be anxious, sensitive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a crier, a hugger \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Ardern announced her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201cno more left in the tank\u201d.", "recovered": "As New Zealand\u2019s prime minister,dern announced a radical shift in cannabis laws from possession to be treated up to the same level as speeding. She said: \"You can be autonomous, self-determining, kid and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Menstruator, or not, a daughter, a creator, a ruler \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be free \u2013 you can lead.\" Ardern announced these radical changes in January, saying that \"no more life in the tank\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As teh arnteegsem bneewet teh UK adn Arstlaaiu, as wlel as teh UK adn Nwe Zaadnel, tkoo etffce tshi weke, virsoua itsem wree eeaxgncdh as gdloiowl gesstuer. Benoa csomci, sdieng by teh cicmo\u2019s eirtod, aognl wthi Pdeneyrn slieng mlta Wlhse wkiysh, Birngtoh Gni, bgsa fomr teh Ciedagbmr Stlhaec Co, adn Fvree-Tere mrsexi weer stne to btho nsntiao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As the Arctic sea ice melts, as well as the UK and Australia, too this week, despite some cooler weather forecasts. However, some scientists, saying by the climate\u2019s erratic nature, Peterlyn sling might bring more wet weather, Birmingham gin, besides from the Ciedagbmr Stlhaec Co, and Free-Tere mersexi were storm to both intensify.", "scrambled": "As teh arnteegsem bneewet teh UK adn Arstlaaiu, as wlel as teh UK adn Nwe Zaadnel, tkoo etffce tshi weke, virsoua itsem wree eeaxgncdh as gdloiowl gesstuer. Benoa csomci, sdieng by teh cicmo\u2019s eirtod, aognl wthi Pdeneyrn slieng mlta Wlhse wkiysh, Birngtoh Gni, bgsa fomr teh Ciedagbmr Stlhaec Co, adn Fvree-Tere mrsexi weer stne to btho nsntiao.", "original": "As the agreements between the UK and Australia, as well as the UK and New Zealand, took effect this week, various items were exchanged as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single malt Welsh whisky, Brighton Gin, bags from the Cambridge Satchel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations.", "recovered": "As the Arctic sea ice melts, as well as the UK and Australia, too this week, despite some cooler weather forecasts. However, some scientists, saying by the climate\u2019s erratic nature, Peterlyn sling might bring more wet weather, Birmingham gin, besides from the Ciedagbmr Stlhaec Co, and Free-Tere mersexi were storm to both intensify."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At 80 yeras odl, Binde is teh odtels prtdsneie in Aaierncm hoyirts, adn if reledecet, he wlduo be 86 wnhe edgnni hsi sencdo tmer. Wenh prsdees on hsi aeg dnurgi a nwse cerenfecon tihs wkee, Bdeni siad he \u201ctook a hdar lkoo at it\u201d bforee dgiincde to rnu adn \u201cflese godo.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At 80 years old, Binde is the oldest pilot in Aaierncm hoyirts, and if retired, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Binde said he \"took a hard look at it\" before deciding to run and \"felt good.\"", "scrambled": "At 80 yeras odl, Binde is teh odtels prtdsneie in Aaierncm hoyirts, adn if reledecet, he wlduo be 86 wnhe edgnni hsi sencdo tmer. Wenh prsdees on hsi aeg dnurgi a nwse cerenfecon tihs wkee, Bdeni siad he \u201ctook a hdar lkoo at it\u201d bforee dgiincde to rnu adn \u201cflese godo.\u201d.", "original": "At 80 years old, Biden is the oldest president in American history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "recovered": "At 80 years old, Binde is the oldest pilot in Aaierncm hoyirts, and if retired, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Binde said he \"took a hard look at it\" before deciding to run and \"felt good.\""}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At lsaet 13 pepleo in a deozn setsta were idtecfne by a slnoaemall okeautrb lkneid to Glod Mdale fulor, teh CCD sdia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Isaeli researchers identified 13 people in a crowd of a hundred by a small optical device linked to a computer, the CCD sensor.", "scrambled": "At lsaet 13 pepleo in a deozn setsta were idtecfne by a slnoaemall okeautrb lkneid to Glod Mdale fulor, teh CCD sdia.", "original": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "recovered": "Isaeli researchers identified 13 people in a crowd of a hundred by a small optical device linked to a computer, the CCD sensor."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At lteas sxi ppeoel wree kleldi Mndaoy whne a dsut stmor in Iliolisn sdyluned mdea it nrlyea ilebomspsi to see on teh shtor stetcrh of hahygiw, oasflcfii sida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At least some people were killed when a dust storm suddenly in Iliolisn dyed the media it nearly blue.", "scrambled": "At lteas sxi ppeoel wree kleldi Mndaoy whne a dsut stmor in Iliolisn sdyluned mdea it nrlyea ilebomspsi to see on teh shtor stetcrh of hahygiw, oasflcfii sida.", "original": "At least six people were killed Monday when a dust storm in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.", "recovered": "At least some people were killed when a dust storm suddenly in Iliolisn dyed the media it nearly blue."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Asurlatia giaedn rveneeg fro treih aongnsgii tow-rnu Aeshs dfaete at teh Brnimhgaim gdonur in 2005 on Tyedaus, wenh terih fsta-blerow citaapn Pta Cniumsm lde hsi sied to irbbelopma vityorc whti an uaneebnt 44.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Albania competed at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki, when their first-ever competitor, Pta Cniumsm, came 44th in the women's high jump.", "scrambled": "Asurlatia giaedn rveneeg fro treih aongnsgii tow-rnu Aeshs dfaete at teh Brnimhgaim gdonur in 2005 on Tyedaus, wenh terih fsta-blerow citaapn Pta Cniumsm lde hsi sied to irbbelopma vityorc whti an uaneebnt 44.", "original": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising two-run Ashes defeat at the Birmingham ground in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-bowler captain Pat Cummins led his side to improbable victory with an unbeaten 44.", "recovered": "Albania competed at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki, when their first-ever competitor, Pta Cniumsm, came 44th in the women's high jump."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Aauitlnrsa fmir Vwo hsa prvoyuiesl careted lba-grnwo mtea fmor teh cllse of amnilas igciunndl aasplca, bafufol adn kogsanaro, adn ueds DAN fomr teh ecnttxi Iec Aeg spcseei to swho hwo fra teh beuoasndir of ceuurdtl mate mya be peudhs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have found a way to create cheap, lab-grown meat at the close of the annual Cattlemen\u2019s convention in Amarillo, baffling activists and kowtowing to agribusiness, and using DAN from the extractor Iec Aeg spewed to show who\u2019s who from the beautiful surrounding of current meat may be puddin\u2019s.", "scrambled": "Aauitlnrsa fmir Vwo hsa prvoyuiesl careted lba-grnwo mtea fmor teh cllse of amnilas igciunndl aasplca, bafufol adn kogsanaro, adn ueds DAN fomr teh ecnttxi Iec Aeg spcseei to swho hwo fra teh beuoasndir of ceuurdtl mate mya be peudhs.", "original": "Australian firm Vow has previously created lab-grown meat from the cells of animals including alpacas, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of cultured meat may be pushed.", "recovered": "Scientists have found a way to create cheap, lab-grown meat at the close of the annual Cattlemen\u2019s convention in Amarillo, baffling activists and kowtowing to agribusiness, and using DAN from the extractor Iec Aeg spewed to show who\u2019s who from the beautiful surrounding of current meat may be puddin\u2019s."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bkayn\u2019s ftsir ofafilic sool eiiiohbtnx in 14 yrase wlli fruetae snsitecl ueds to catree myan of teh gatfrifi attsri\u2019s mtos iicocn wroks fmro assrco hsi crreae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Because of his filial soul, in 14 years well will fruit the seeds to create many of the great father\u2019s most iconic works from his creative mind.", "scrambled": "Bkayn\u2019s ftsir ofafilic sool eiiiohbtnx in 14 yrase wlli fruetae snsitecl ueds to catree myan of teh gatfrifi attsri\u2019s mtos iicocn wroks fmro assrco hsi crreae.", "original": "Banky\u2019s first official solo exhibition in 14 years will feature stencils used to create many of the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his career.", "recovered": "Because of his filial soul, in 14 years well will fruit the seeds to create many of the great father\u2019s most iconic works from his creative mind."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Beastst wsa cdeneirosd teh frton rnruen fro teh gngo, fro hre relo in Balkc Pranhte: Wdaakan Feorver, btu ltos otu to Eignyvreht Eheevrwyer All at Oenc sart Ctusir, in oen of teh bigetgs uspset of teh ntghi at Sdyuan\u2019s adraws cemenroy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The statue of the Beasts was created by the French sculptor Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric-Auguste Bartholdi and it is located in the Balkan Park: the Wdaakan Feorver, but let us go to the Eignyvreht Eheevrwyer All at Once, starting from the Cusir gate, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sdyuan\u2019s adraws ceremony.", "scrambled": "Beastst wsa cdeneirosd teh frton rnruen fro teh gngo, fro hre relo in Balkc Pranhte: Wdaakan Feorver, btu ltos otu to Eignyvreht Eheevrwyer All at Oenc sart Ctusir, in oen of teh bigetgs uspset of teh ntghi at Sdyuan\u2019s adraws cemenroy.", "original": "Bassett was considered the front runner for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost out to Everything Everywhere All at Once star Curtis, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards ceremony.", "recovered": "The statue of the Beasts was created by the French sculptor Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric-Auguste Bartholdi and it is located in the Balkan Park: the Wdaakan Feorver, but let us go to the Eignyvreht Eheevrwyer All at Once, starting from the Cusir gate, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sdyuan\u2019s adraws ceremony."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Buliemg\u2019s Bleecr clidmae a 18-15 vciytro oerv frou-tiesm wiennr Slyeb in teh Wdorl Skornoe Caphnismpiho flain at Shffleied\u2019s Ccilbreu on Myaodn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Slyeb\u2019s band, Blieme, claimed the number one spot for three weeks when their single \u201cVictory\u201d was released. This was during the World Skornoe Caphnismpiho flain at Shffleied\u2019s Ccilbreu on Myaodn.", "scrambled": "Buliemg\u2019s Bleecr clidmae a 18-15 vciytro oerv frou-tiesm wiennr Slyeb in teh Wdorl Skornoe Caphnismpiho flain at Shffleied\u2019s Ccilbreu on Myaodn.", "original": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in the World Snooker Championship final at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible on Monday.", "recovered": "Slyeb\u2019s band, Blieme, claimed the number one spot for three weeks when their single \u201cVictory\u201d was released. This was during the World Skornoe Caphnismpiho flain at Shffleied\u2019s Ccilbreu on Myaodn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Beneewt 14 adn 20 icensh weer dmedup on Shtou Fdoilar ovre a 24-horu pdeori. Teh dounworp coseld shcloso adn Frto Laeduarled\u2019s aritpro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Between 14 and 20 inches of snow were predicted on the Stow Forecast over a 24-hour period. The downworp closed and Frto Laeduarled\u2019s article.", "scrambled": "Beneewt 14 adn 20 icensh weer dmedup on Shtou Fdoilar ovre a 24-horu pdeori. Teh dounworp coseld shcloso adn Frto Laeduarled\u2019s aritpro.", "original": "Between 14 and 20 inches were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour closed schools and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "recovered": "Between 14 and 20 inches of snow were predicted on the Stow Forecast over a 24-hour period. The downworp closed and Frto Laeduarled\u2019s article."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bndie hetosd Iiannd Pmrei Msnreiti Nradenar Miod at teh Wehti Hseuo on Tyhudras fro a lvsaih, teetnd satet deirnn taht fuaedter a ptnla-beasd meun fro teh gsetu of horno, woh is a veetiarnga.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Bindi Irwin and Pierre Michael Meredith Nelson attended the White House screening of Dolphin Tale on Thursday. The two sat together during the screening, which was held in honor of the Australian animal advocate.", "scrambled": "Bndie hetosd Iiannd Pmrei Msnreiti Nradenar Miod at teh Wehti Hseuo on Tyhudras fro a lvsaih, teetnd satet deirnn taht fuaedter a ptnla-beasd meun fro teh gsetu of horno, woh is a veetiarnga.", "original": "Biden hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner that featured a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian.", "recovered": "Bindi Irwin and Pierre Michael Meredith Nelson attended the White House screening of Dolphin Tale on Thursday. The two sat together during the screening, which was held in honor of the Australian animal advocate."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bielnnk talreved to Canih fro mniegtse whit tpo ofilascif, ilnguicnd Pdrtsneie Xi Jnngipi. Binnlek is teh ftris US seyacrrte of sttea to vtisi Biinjeg in fvei yrsae, adn hsi tkasl weer snee as a kye lmutis ttes fro whrthee teh tow geoemrntvns cna spto rslneiaot fmro cingoinutn to deetirroeta at a tmei of lengniigr dritstsu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Belinke tagliatelle con i peperoni rossi, il piatto preferito di pap\u00e0.", "scrambled": "Bielnnk talreved to Canih fro mniegtse whit tpo ofilascif, ilnguicnd Pdrtsneie Xi Jnngipi. Binnlek is teh ftris US seyacrrte of sttea to vtisi Biinjeg in fvei yrsae, adn hsi tkasl weer snee as a kye lmutis ttes fro whrthee teh tow geoemrntvns cna spto rslneiaot fmro cingoinutn to deetirroeta at a tmei of lengniigr dritstsu.", "original": "Blinken traveled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two governments can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering distrust.", "recovered": "Belinke tagliatelle con i peperoni rossi, il piatto preferito di pap\u00e0."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bhto Peinrc Hryar adn Eonlt Jnoh weer in crtuo tshi wkee as a hhig-pfleoir csae aigntas teh pibuhrels of teh Dayil Mlai gtse udrwayen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " During this week as a high-profile case, the public were informed about the problems of the dairy industry.", "scrambled": "Bhto Peinrc Hryar adn Eonlt Jnoh weer in crtuo tshi wkee as a hhig-pfleoir csae aigntas teh pibuhrels of teh Dayil Mlai gtse udrwayen.", "original": "Both Prince Harry and Elton John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets underway.", "recovered": "During this week as a high-profile case, the public were informed about the problems of the dairy industry."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN peorsctj Dcermtoa Dnano Denaeg wlil bcmoee Jclkiasonelv\u2019s ftsir faleem myroa. Thsi mkrsa oynl teh sdnoce tmei in 30 ysaer ttah a Dtmercoa wlil wni teh ofcefi in Foralid\u2019s mtos ppuoosul ciyt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " CNN predicted Derecho Dennis would become a hurricane in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in the future.", "scrambled": "CNN peorsctj Dcermtoa Dnano Denaeg wlil bcmoee Jclkiasonelv\u2019s ftsir faleem myroa. Thsi mkrsa oynl teh sdnoce tmei in 30 ysaer ttah a Dtmercoa wlil wni teh ofcefi in Foralid\u2019s mtos ppuoosul ciyt.", "original": "CNN projects Democrat Donna Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.", "recovered": "CNN predicted Derecho Dennis would become a hurricane in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in the future."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN rcyltnee onadisegr a leiv pemri-tmei twon hlal qoinuste-adn-aswner sisnsoe ftragieun frmore pritdense Dlando Tprmu. In a stgenti fluleed by a sepruopitv adcieune, Tmrpu sifwlyt asusedm crtonol of teh envet. He ftyrelqeun itpeetdrrnu teh mdoaoretr, llenbalgi hre as \u201cntays\u201d, wehil rniairttege csamli of a \u201cregdig\u201d 2020 etnlcoei. Deispet fgncai snniagitifc bkcasalh fro teh bdotarsca, CNN COE Cisrh Lthci eespxdrse hsi uvganrnwie stpurpo fro teh tnow hlla coeptnc. He sida he bielveed htiysro wlil vwie teh nrowkte\u2019s dnsiiceo to iweiventr Tpmru, souurdrnde by cniheegr sorsuteprp, farybvolua. Btu he addde tath he wuldo leik to ievomrp semo prdcnuooit emneetsl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In the wake of the tragic Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Florida, CNN's Chris Cuomo used the network's airtime to share his personal viewpoint on gun control. He said he believes the country's current stance on guns will lead to more tragedies, sounding by calling for common-sense gun reform. But he also added that he would like to explore some pro-gun points of view as well.", "scrambled": "CNN rcyltnee onadisegr a leiv pemri-tmei twon hlal qoinuste-adn-aswner sisnsoe ftragieun frmore pritdense Dlando Tprmu. In a stgenti fluleed by a sepruopitv adcieune, Tmrpu sifwlyt asusedm crtonol of teh envet. He ftyrelqeun itpeetdrrnu teh mdoaoretr, llenbalgi hre as \u201cntays\u201d, wehil rniairttege csamli of a \u201cregdig\u201d 2020 etnlcoei. Deispet fgncai snniagitifc bkcasalh fro teh bdotarsca, CNN COE Cisrh Lthci eespxdrse hsi uvganrnwie stpurpo fro teh tnow hlla coeptnc. He sida he bielveed htiysro wlil vwie teh nrowkte\u2019s dnsiiceo to iweiventr Tpmru, souurdrnde by cniheegr sorsuteprp, farybvolua. Btu he addde tath he wuldo leik to ievomrp semo prdcnuooit emneetsl.", "original": "CNN recently organised a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. In a setting fuelled by a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. He frequently interrupted the moderator, labelling her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims of a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht expressed his unwavering support for the town hall concept. He said he believed history will view the network\u2019s decision to interview Trump, surrounded by cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that he would like to improve some production elements.", "recovered": "In the wake of the tragic Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Florida, CNN's Chris Cuomo used the network's airtime to share his personal viewpoint on gun control. He said he believes the country's current stance on guns will lead to more tragedies, sounding by calling for common-sense gun reform. But he also added that he would like to explore some pro-gun points of view as well."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Crioifalna rtdesnie Ncki Slboerte asol uess hsi reodcr-bagrikne tuoneg, wihhc maueress 3.97in (10.1cm), to ptnai purietcs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The largest known species of spider, the Goliath Birdeater from Brazil, has a leg span of 3.97in (10.1cm), and preys on birds.", "scrambled": "Crioifalna rtdesnie Ncki Slboerte asol uess hsi reodcr-bagrikne tuoneg, wihhc maueress 3.97in (10.1cm), to ptnai purietcs.", "original": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also uses his record-breaking tongue, which measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "recovered": "The largest known species of spider, the Goliath Birdeater from Brazil, has a leg span of 3.97in (10.1cm), and preys on birds."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Civaln Cligdoeo wsa bonr in Pmyutloh, Vnetmor, on Jluy 4, 1872.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Civil War clergyman and poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow was born on February 27, 1807, in Portland, Maine.", "scrambled": "Civaln Cligdoeo wsa bonr in Pmyutloh, Vnetmor, on Jluy 4, 1872.", "original": "Calvin Coolidge was born in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.", "recovered": "Civil War clergyman and poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow was born on February 27, 1807, in Portland, Maine."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cadaanin Pimre Miesinrt Jituns Tueudra annndueco Weynsdade tath he adn hsi weif Shipoe Grgo\u00e9rei Tderuua aer snpegtaria. Teh Tduauser heav there crnedihl ttrgoehe, all urdne teh aeg of 15.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Can you read this message? It appears someone is trying to send us a secret code.", "scrambled": "Cadaanin Pimre Miesinrt Jituns Tueudra annndueco Weynsdade tath he adn hsi weif Shipoe Grgo\u00e9rei Tderuua aer snpegtaria. Teh Tduauser heav there crnedihl ttrgoehe, all urdne teh aeg of 15.", "original": "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. The Trudeaus have three children together, all under the age of 15.", "recovered": "Can you read this message? It appears someone is trying to send us a secret code."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cdianaan htleah ofsifilac sya teh nwe rlonugitae to lebla eervy ciegraett wthi a wnirnag maeesgs is patr of teh cytnrou\u2019s gloa to dpro nwniaitdeo tacocob ues to lses tanh 5% by 2035.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Climate change is one of the biggest threats to our planet today. It is part of the global goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 50% by 2035.", "scrambled": "Cdianaan htleah ofsifilac sya teh nwe rlonugitae to lebla eervy ciegraett wthi a wnirnag maeesgs is patr of teh cytnrou\u2019s gloa to dpro nwniaitdeo tacocob ues to lses tanh 5% by 2035.", "original": "Canadian health officials say the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message is part of the country\u2019s goal to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035.", "recovered": "Climate change is one of the biggest threats to our planet today. It is part of the global goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 50% by 2035."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cralo Veecc, a psfrooesr form Nelpas, doseciedrv dnomecuts in teh aecirsvh of Feoerncl whhic swoh tath syotlrh aterf teh atsirt\u2019s bhirt, hsi frateh fdeer a slvea cllade Ciaaetnr \u2013 wdyile aederg to be teh nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mhrtoe btu atbou whmo leltit eesl is kwnno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Caravaggio, a painter from Milan, discovered the use of chiaroscuro in the atmosphere of Farnese which swirled so thickly that the artist\u2019s brother died from a silver chloride infection \u2013 while others believe that this is not known.", "scrambled": "Cralo Veecc, a psfrooesr form Nelpas, doseciedrv dnomecuts in teh aecirsvh of Feoerncl whhic swoh tath syotlrh aterf teh atsirt\u2019s bhirt, hsi frateh fdeer a slvea cllade Ciaaetnr \u2013 wdyile aederg to be teh nmae of Da Vnici\u2019s mhrtoe btu atbou whmo leltit eesl is kwnno.", "original": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show that shortly after the artist\u2019s birth, his father freed a slave called Caterina \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known.", "recovered": "Caravaggio, a painter from Milan, discovered the use of chiaroscuro in the atmosphere of Farnese which swirled so thickly that the artist\u2019s brother died from a silver chloride infection \u2013 while others believe that this is not known."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cihkc-fli-A\u2019s fsirt-erve rntsutaare, ldetaoc in teh Gearrenbri Mlla fodo cturo in Aanaltt, is ste to coels. It\u2019s ualecnr wyh teh rtsaeutnra is cgolnis, btu leik myan mlsal, teh Giarrrbnee hsa been sutinrgglg to acttart shesrpop adn kepe ttsenna.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Chikungunya, transmitted by mosquitoes, first emerged in the Garrenbri Milla foothills in Analti, is spread to coels. It\u2019s usually mild, but like many viruses, the Giarrrbnee has been struggling to start serpop and keep ttsenna.", "scrambled": "Cihkc-fli-A\u2019s fsirt-erve rntsutaare, ldetaoc in teh Gearrenbri Mlla fodo cturo in Aanaltt, is ste to coels. It\u2019s ualecnr wyh teh rtsaeutnra is cgolnis, btu leik myan mlsal, teh Giarrrbnee hsa been sutinrgglg to acttart shesrpop adn kepe ttsenna.", "original": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbriar has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants.", "recovered": "Chikungunya, transmitted by mosquitoes, first emerged in the Garrenbri Milla foothills in Analti, is spread to coels. It\u2019s usually mild, but like many viruses, the Giarrrbnee has been struggling to start serpop and keep ttsenna."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Caihn hsa aegdre a mluiniiboltl-dloral dlea to bidlu an encoricelt edgasrpnpevio fcitaliy on teh indsla ttha culod aowll Bienjgi to esopdevar on US cousomintmican, acridocgn to Teh Wall Setrte Jalnuor. Teh US adn Canbu gesrnvneotm csat sgornt dobut on teh rpreot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Canadian actor Alan Dale, best known for his role as Jonathan \"J.J.\" Jeffries on the U.S. television series The West Wing, has a doctorate in nuclear physics from the University of Toronto. The U.S. and Canadian governments spent $200 million developing the system, which is designed to detect and trace nuclear materials at border crossings.", "scrambled": "Caihn hsa aegdre a mluiniiboltl-dloral dlea to bidlu an encoricelt edgasrpnpevio fcitaliy on teh indsla ttha culod aowll Bienjgi to esopdevar on US cousomintmican, acridocgn to Teh Wall Setrte Jalnuor. Teh US adn Canbu gesrnvneotm csat sgornt dobut on teh rpreot.", "original": "China has agreed a multibillion-dollar deal to build an electronic eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Cuban governments cast strong doubt on the report.", "recovered": "Canadian actor Alan Dale, best known for his role as Jonathan \"J.J.\" Jeffries on the U.S. television series The West Wing, has a doctorate in nuclear physics from the University of Toronto. The U.S. and Canadian governments spent $200 million developing the system, which is designed to detect and trace nuclear materials at border crossings."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cainh is fylul roiepgnen to fnrioeg vstsiior \u2013 iugidnnlc ttsroisu. Teh cyornut rueesmd inguiss all cegrtoaise of vassi fro fnorserieg on Wndeadsye.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Can you guess the word that is formed by the first three letters of each of the following words: ant, man, hand, stand.\n", "scrambled": "Cainh is fylul roiepgnen to fnrioeg vstsiior \u2013 iugidnnlc ttsroisu. Teh cyornut rueesmd inguiss all cegrtoaise of vassi fro fnorserieg on Wndeadsye.", "original": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 including tourists. The country resumed issuing all categories of visas for foreigners on Wednesday.", "recovered": "Can you guess the word that is formed by the first three letters of each of the following words: ant, man, hand, stand."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cihan is pgiuusrn pslan to ldan aotatsunsr on teh lnrua sraecuf brofee 2030.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Cihan is planning to attend astronauts school on the lunar surface by 2030.", "scrambled": "Cihan is pgiuusrn pslan to ldan aotatsunsr on teh lnrua sraecuf brofee 2030.", "original": "China is pursuing plans to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030.", "recovered": "Cihan is planning to attend astronauts school on the lunar surface by 2030."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cckols mvedo frworad oen horu. Tyeh wlil flla bcak an huro to srdtndaa tmei on teh fstir Sayndu of Nrbmoeev.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Colossal mounds of earth rise from the horizon. The hills will fall back to become a part of the great Sundaland of Numbeo.", "scrambled": "Cckols mvedo frworad oen horu. Tyeh wlil flla bcak an huro to srdtndaa tmei on teh fstir Sayndu of Nrbmoeev.", "original": "Clocks moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on the first Sunday of November.", "recovered": "Colossal mounds of earth rise from the horizon. The hills will fall back to become a part of the great Sundaland of Numbeo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Co-hstso Nwe Zadelan adn Aasutirla boht kciekd off trihe Wdolr Cpu capamngsi wthi 1-0 vcoeiistr. Nwe Zeaandl\u2019s Foaotbll Fnesr seredcu tireh ftisr erve wni on a glaolb segta by bgietan Nyarow, wiehl Auaaistlr\u2019s Msatiadl brkeo a snodce-hfla dckladeo wthi a diesicev petnayl aasitgn Ribculpe of Iedanrl, woh weer pnagyil at teh ttmruonane fro teh frtis temi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " New Zealand and Australia played out a thrilling draw in the World Cup qualifier. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns drew first blood early on a goal by Katie Bowden, who was named the tournament\u2019s best player by breaking the record for most saves with a brilliant display in net for New Zealand, who were playing at home for the first time.", "scrambled": "Co-hstso Nwe Zadelan adn Aasutirla boht kciekd off trihe Wdolr Cpu capamngsi wthi 1-0 vcoeiistr. Nwe Zeaandl\u2019s Foaotbll Fnesr seredcu tireh ftisr erve wni on a glaolb segta by bgietan Nyarow, wiehl Auaaistlr\u2019s Msatiadl brkeo a snodce-hfla dckladeo wthi a diesicev petnayl aasitgn Ribculpe of Iedanrl, woh weer pnagyil at teh ttmruonane fro teh frtis temi.", "original": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaigns with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns secured their first ever win on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a second-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were playing at the tournament for the first time.", "recovered": "New Zealand and Australia played out a thrilling draw in the World Cup qualifier. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns drew first blood early on a goal by Katie Bowden, who was named the tournament\u2019s best player by breaking the record for most saves with a brilliant display in net for New Zealand, who were playing at home for the first time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Crnocsen atbuo eicsth adn tryseacnrapn at teh Srumepe Ctrou hvae bnee rteindgie thsi weke aretf Jcesitu Smaleu Altoi ageoekddncwl aitnndgte a lryuux fiingsh tirp on teh paeirvt jte of a caoivertsevn hgede fudn meanarg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Congratulations to Jcesitu Smaleu Altoi, whose artwork was selected as a finalist in this week\u2019s \u201cCreate a T-Rex\u201d contest. Jcesitu\u2019s colorful painting of a T-Rex dancing on the planet Jupiter with a group of friendly aliens was one of three finalists chosen from more than 5,000 submissions.", "scrambled": "Crnocsen atbuo eicsth adn tryseacnrapn at teh Srumepe Ctrou hvae bnee rteindgie thsi weke aretf Jcesitu Smaleu Altoi ageoekddncwl aitnndgte a lryuux fiingsh tirp on teh paeirvt jte of a caoivertsevn hgede fudn meanarg.", "original": "Concerns about ethics and transparency at the Supreme Court have been reignited this week after Justice Samuel Alito acknowledged attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund manager.", "recovered": "Congratulations to Jcesitu Smaleu Altoi, whose artwork was selected as a finalist in this week\u2019s \u201cCreate a T-Rex\u201d contest. Jcesitu\u2019s colorful painting of a T-Rex dancing on the planet Jupiter with a group of friendly aliens was one of three finalists chosen from more than 5,000 submissions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Csneroievvta mbmeser heva csnohe Snsua Hlal as teh payrt\u2019s cdnetaaid to tyr to utanse Siadq Khna in teh 2024 Loondn marloya etcelion. Hlal, wheos paltoliic sagnlo is \u201cSreaf wiht Sasnu\u201d, is onfet an \u201cotopunske ceracatrh\u201d, sida Teh Garianud, \u201clyelki to be sene as an oterdsui\u201d, wthi hre vwsie on caullurt iusess \u201cpcrltmeboai\u201d in a llriaeb-legnain cyit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Siad Qatna, a London-based Syrian artist, is attempting to use art to transform Syria. In 2024, London will host the marathon, and Qatna hopes to use the platform to raise awareness about Syria. She believes art can be a powerful tool for change, and uses various creative methods in her work, such as performance art in a circus setting.", "scrambled": "Csneroievvta mbmeser heva csnohe Snsua Hlal as teh payrt\u2019s cdnetaaid to tyr to utanse Siadq Khna in teh 2024 Loondn marloya etcelion. Hlal, wheos paltoliic sagnlo is \u201cSreaf wiht Sasnu\u201d, is onfet an \u201cotopunske ceracatrh\u201d, sida Teh Garianud, \u201clyelki to be sene as an oterdsui\u201d, wthi hre vwsie on caullurt iusess \u201cpcrltmeboai\u201d in a llriaeb-legnain cyit.", "original": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s candidate to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, whose political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-leaning city.", "recovered": "Siad Qatna, a London-based Syrian artist, is attempting to use art to transform Syria. In 2024, London will host the marathon, and Qatna hopes to use the platform to raise awareness about Syria. She believes art can be a powerful tool for change, and uses various creative methods in her work, such as performance art in a circus setting."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ccnyeol Maoch bdeearrl iton Mynmraa\u2019s ctoas dysa aog, cilgsaopnl hseuos, bgnrnigi dnwo thpeneeol peslo adn srevlyee cmroimgsponi ccunootammini lneis in cocnflit-rdkaec Rinakhe satte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many of Mynmraa\u2019s children died during the conflict, including Rinakhe, who was only three years old.", "scrambled": "Ccnyeol Maoch bdeearrl iton Mynmraa\u2019s ctoas dysa aog, cilgsaopnl hseuos, bgnrnigi dnwo thpeneeol peslo adn srevlyee cmroimgsponi ccunootammini lneis in cocnflit-rdkaec Rinakhe satte.", "original": "Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s coast days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-racked Rakhine state.", "recovered": "Many of Mynmraa\u2019s children died during the conflict, including Rinakhe, who was only three years old."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dvadi Rhus, woh arldyea bastso mreo thna 250 Ginseuns Wldro Redrsoc, bcanedal an uerlablm on hsi fenirg fro teerh huros adn 46 mtsienu. Hsi tmei baet teh ctrenur rcdore, sida UIP, btu msut sltli be riewdvee. Fro mroe siteors form teh staerrgn sdei of lfei, snig up to teh Tlla Tleas nwetsertle.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The red-billed quelea is the most common bird species in the world, numbering more than 250 million individuals. It has a measurable effect on its environment, forming huge flocks during the dry season and migrating up to 46 miles. It is the current world record holder for the largest flock of birds, with a crowd of 1.3 million recorded in Zimbabwe. Look up to the sky tonight and you might see them.", "scrambled": "Dvadi Rhus, woh arldyea bastso mreo thna 250 Ginseuns Wldro Redrsoc, bcanedal an uerlablm on hsi fenirg fro teerh huros adn 46 mtsienu. Hsi tmei baet teh ctrenur rcdore, sida UIP, btu msut sltli be riewdvee. Fro mroe siteors form teh staerrgn sdei of lfei, snig up to teh Tlla Tleas nwetsertle.", "original": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The red-billed quelea is the most common bird species in the world, numbering more than 250 million individuals. It has a measurable effect on its environment, forming huge flocks during the dry season and migrating up to 46 miles. It is the current world record holder for the largest flock of birds, with a crowd of 1.3 million recorded in Zimbabwe. Look up to the sky tonight and you might see them."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: DnsitaSe mdae hsi fistr cgapinma aaperncaep in Ioaw, werhe he pldgede to tkae on Whtsagionn inedriss adn do meor fro Ascaremin thna hsi GPO rivla, foermr Pteidrens Dlnoda Tmrup.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Dennisita Se mdae hsi fistr cgapinma aaperncaep in Ioaw, werhe he pldgede to tkae on Whtsagionn inedriss adn do meor fro Ascaremin thna hsi GPO rivla, foermr Pteidrens Dlnoda Tmrup.", "scrambled": "DnsitaSe mdae hsi fistr cgapinma aaperncaep in Ioaw, werhe he pldgede to tkae on Whtsagionn inedriss adn do meor fro Ascaremin thna hsi GPO rivla, foermr Pteidrens Dlnoda Tmrup.", "original": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to take on Washington insiders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival, former President Donald Trump.", "recovered": "Dennisita Se mdae hsi fistr cgapinma aaperncaep in Ioaw, werhe he pldgede to tkae on Whtsagionn inedriss adn do meor fro Ascaremin thna hsi GPO rivla, foermr Pteidrens Dlnoda Tmrup."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dlea htrnesu aer prpnergia teslmevhes fro Bde, Bhta & Bneydo\u2019s mmmhato gongi-otu-of-bsiussne sela.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please enjoy this selection of music from Bde, Bhta & Bneydo\u2019s mmmhato gongi-otu-of-bsiussne sela.", "scrambled": "Dlea htrnesu aer prpnergia teslmevhes fro Bde, Bhta & Bneydo\u2019s mmmhato gongi-otu-of-bsiussne sela.", "original": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-out-of-business sale.", "recovered": "Please enjoy this selection of music from Bde, Bhta & Bneydo\u2019s mmmhato gongi-otu-of-bsiussne sela."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dieepst stheaowm ntevaieg rwieesv, Scktrsuba is bgiirnng ist crlnsaetoviro oveli oli cffeoe to meor cistie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The deepest secret of the stars, Scintilla is beginning to reveal its code over the earth.", "scrambled": "Dieepst stheaowm ntevaieg rwieesv, Scktrsuba is bgiirnng ist crlnsaetoviro oveli oli cffeoe to meor cistie.", "original": "Despite somewhat negative reviews, Starbucks is bringing its controversial olive oil coffee to more cities.", "recovered": "The deepest secret of the stars, Scintilla is beginning to reveal its code over the earth."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Diegsnavtat fdlogoin is rinippg trghhou susotewht Cnhai, wiht sverael aesar isgnius teh hhsgtei lelve of wnaingrs to ectaeauv. Csoernnc aer mningtou taht teh fdolos wlil hvae a dgvtnieaats imtpca on csrop in teh rgoeni.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Dengue fever is spread by mosquitoes, with several species capable of transmitting the disease to humans. Control measures include eliminating breeding sites for mosquitoes.", "scrambled": "Diegsnavtat fdlogoin is rinippg trghhou susotewht Cnhai, wiht sverael aesar isgnius teh hhsgtei lelve of wnaingrs to ectaeauv. Csoernnc aer mningtou taht teh fdolos wlil hvae a dgvtnieaats imtpca on csrop in teh rgoeni.", "original": "Devastating flooding is ripping through southwest China, with several areas issuing the highest level of warnings to evacuate. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.", "recovered": "Dengue fever is spread by mosquitoes, with several species capable of transmitting the disease to humans. Control measures include eliminating breeding sites for mosquitoes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dsieyn hsa cedsae rlseegain ist fmisl or TV swhso on paycsilh mdaie foatmrs in Ailaasrut, fogolwlin a stpee dceelin in ssael of DDsV, Bul-ryas adn teh leik as sentimarg siersvce boemce ieaicygnsnlr pluaorp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Directv offers several packages in Alasrut, fogolwlin and the stepdaughter in order to be competitive.", "scrambled": "Dsieyn hsa cedsae rlseegain ist fmisl or TV swhso on paycsilh mdaie foatmrs in Ailaasrut, fogolwlin a stpee dceelin in ssael of DDsV, Bul-ryas adn teh leik as sentimarg siersvce boemce ieaicygnsnlr pluaorp.", "original": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV shows on physical media formats in Australia, following a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Blu-rays and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular.", "recovered": "Directv offers several packages in Alasrut, fogolwlin and the stepdaughter in order to be competitive."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dallro Tree, wihch sslel msto ptrcuosd fro $1.25, wlil spot sneglli egsg bsaueec teh cnyopam cna\u2019t mkea meoyn ofnigfre tmhe at flta pcseir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Dalmatian puppies are very popular and often sell for $1.25. However, the cynopam can\u2019t make anything from the flta pcs.", "scrambled": "Dallro Tree, wihch sslel msto ptrcuosd fro $1.25, wlil spot sneglli egsg bsaueec teh cnyopam cna\u2019t mkea meoyn ofnigfre tmhe at flta pcseir.", "original": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at flat prices.", "recovered": "Dalmatian puppies are very popular and often sell for $1.25. However, the cynopam can\u2019t make anything from the flta pcs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dngniow Srttee hsa dsidmssie Sainp\u2019s dmnaed to oervsee cnrootl of Gbialtrra\u2019s aptoirr, wcihh is tlhyielnacc on an RFA beas dpeteis ligyn on a nowrra srtecth of ldan beetnwe Gtrliabra adn teh Spihsna ftroeinr. Teh EU is csnrdgnieoi algwnlio teh Bsiihtr oaseresv trroyteri \u2013 whchi vdote to remnai in teh bclo \u2013 to jino teh Senehcng cmnmoo trvael aare.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Strait of Gibraltar is an important international waterway, with a narrow strait of water between the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. The European Union considers the British overseas territories a \u2018grey area\u2019 \u2013 a territory which votes to remain in the bloc \u2013 in order to keep them in the EU.", "scrambled": "Dngniow Srttee hsa dsidmssie Sainp\u2019s dmnaed to oervsee cnrootl of Gbialtrra\u2019s aptoirr, wcihh is tlhyielnacc on an RFA beas dpeteis ligyn on a nowrra srtecth of ldan beetnwe Gtrliabra adn teh Spihsna ftroeinr. Teh EU is csnrdgnieoi algwnlio teh Bsiihtr oaseresv trroyteri \u2013 whchi vdote to remnai in teh bclo \u2013 to jino teh Senehcng cmnmoo trvael aare.", "original": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of Gibraltar\u2019s airport, which is technically on an RAF base despite lying on a narrow stretch of land between Gibraltar and the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the British overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the bloc \u2013 to join the Schengen common travel area.", "recovered": "The Strait of Gibraltar is an important international waterway, with a narrow strait of water between the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. The European Union considers the British overseas territories a \u2018grey area\u2019 \u2013 a territory which votes to remain in the bloc \u2013 in order to keep them in the EU."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Deu to frei tetrsha adn emrinnltoevan ccrnesno, Stal Lkea Ciyt, Uaht, tierd an avlneiettar wya of clbrgnaeite Icnedeenedpn Dya wiht ist fsrit-eerv doner sowh. Wthca smeo of teh orhet dnzaizlg cerbitlesoan ttah tkoo pecla acsrso Airaemc hree.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Due to freedom fighters like Nelson Mandela, Stal Lekganyane City, Uthukela, tiersdale an avloneitjar way of clergnaites Icededendpn Daya with its first-ever donor sow. With some of the other healthcarecerbitlesoan that take part are Air ambulance three.", "scrambled": "Deu to frei tetrsha adn emrinnltoevan ccrnesno, Stal Lkea Ciyt, Uaht, tierd an avlneiettar wya of clbrgnaeite Icnedeenedpn Dya wiht ist fsrit-eerv doner sowh. Wthca smeo of teh orhet dnzaizlg cerbitlesoan ttah tkoo pecla acsrso Airaemc hree.", "original": "Due to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling celebrations that took place across America here.", "recovered": "Due to freedom fighters like Nelson Mandela, Stal Lekganyane City, Uthukela, tiersdale an avloneitjar way of clergnaites Icededendpn Daya with its first-ever donor sow. With some of the other healthcarecerbitlesoan that take part are Air ambulance three."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Deu to hhig dmenda fro teh ldmeiit-eiitndo Rraybpsre Ryall cikeoo, scstou adn psrtaen weer fterleynuq frdeoc to eplxnia teh shoetgar to aneyond srppsoeh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Due to high demand from the elite-minded Rallye Breslau, Citroen decided to produce a limited run of the 2CV with the engine from the SM. This resulted in the 2CV Special, which was faster than the standard 2CV but not quite as fast as the Rallye.", "scrambled": "Deu to hhig dmenda fro teh ldmeiit-eiitndo Rraybpsre Ryall cikeoo, scstou adn psrtaen weer fterleynuq frdeoc to eplxnia teh shoetgar to aneyond srppsoeh.", "original": "Due to high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Rally cookie, scouts and parents were frequently forced to explain the shortage to annoyed shoppers.", "recovered": "Due to high demand from the elite-minded Rallye Breslau, Citroen decided to produce a limited run of the 2CV with the engine from the SM. This resulted in the 2CV Special, which was faster than the standard 2CV but not quite as fast as the Rallye."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ed Snhraee tkoo teh sdtan tish weke in a hghi-ploiefr cyigorhtp tairl abtou whereth hsi smhsa sgenli \u201cThnkiing Otu Ludo\u201d cdpoei Mrnaiv Geay\u2019s hti \u201cLte\u2019s Gte It On.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ed Sheeran took the stage at this year\u2019s MTV Video Music Awards in a high-plaid tailored suit where he debuted his new song \u201cThank You Otis Redding\u201d in honor of Mr. Redding\u2019s \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Ed Snhraee tkoo teh sdtan tish weke in a hghi-ploiefr cyigorhtp tairl abtou whereth hsi smhsa sgenli \u201cThnkiing Otu Ludo\u201d cdpoei Mrnaiv Geay\u2019s hti \u201cLte\u2019s Gte It On.\u201d.", "original": "Ed Sheeran took the stand this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether his smash single \u201cThinking Out Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "recovered": "Ed Sheeran took the stage at this year\u2019s MTV Video Music Awards in a high-plaid tailored suit where he debuted his new song \u201cThank You Otis Redding\u201d in honor of Mr. Redding\u2019s \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Egsg hda teh mots damairct daceseer, wthi a nryael 11% deecinl. Tsih cmeos arfte egg psceir srdoae in pvusreoi mohsnt prmyrliia deu to aainv ful, whchi cdrtoniesan sylpup.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The great dactyliurgid Damaircta daceseerensis, with a nearly 11% dietary content, comes from egg protein solid in pure moisture. This creates a crystalline structure.", "scrambled": "Egsg hda teh mots damairct daceseer, wthi a nryael 11% deecinl. Tsih cmeos arfte egg psceir srdoae in pvusreoi mohsnt prmyrliia deu to aainv ful, whchi cdrtoniesan sylpup.", "original": "Eggs had the most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg prices soared in previous months primarily due to avian flu, which constrained supply.", "recovered": "The great dactyliurgid Damaircta daceseerensis, with a nearly 11% dietary content, comes from egg protein solid in pure moisture. This creates a crystalline structure."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Epygt\u2019s Miisntyr of Troumsi adn Anusqeittii redaslee a snmeettat eigpsnhaism taht \u201cQeenu Colapraet hda lthig skni adn Hltnlesiiec (Grkee) fueartse\u201d, adn cgiiisnictr Nilftxe fro cigtsan Btrihis aroct Adlee Jsmae, woh \u201cpssseoess Ainrfac fsaretue adn drka snki\u201d. Fndi otu mero on teh lsatet episeod of Teh Week Uedwparpn ptdcsoa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Epictetus' Manual of Discipline and Anquetil Duperron's translation of the Gita, and critic Nilton Ximenes from Brazil read a passage about \u201cqueen Cleopatra and Mark Antony\u201d, and discussed it. Find out more on the latest episode of The Weekly Podcast.", "scrambled": "Epygt\u2019s Miisntyr of Troumsi adn Anusqeittii redaslee a snmeettat eigpsnhaism taht \u201cQeenu Colapraet hda lthig skni adn Hltnlesiiec (Grkee) fueartse\u201d, adn cgiiisnictr Nilftxe fro cigtsan Btrihis aroct Adlee Jsmae, woh \u201cpssseoess Ainrfac fsaretue adn drka snki\u201d. Fndi otu mero on teh lsatet episeod of Teh Week Uedwparpn ptdcsoa.", "original": "Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, and criticising Netflix for casting British actor Adele James, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Epictetus' Manual of Discipline and Anquetil Duperron's translation of the Gita, and critic Nilton Ximenes from Brazil read a passage about \u201cqueen Cleopatra and Mark Antony\u201d, and discussed it. Find out more on the latest episode of The Weekly Podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eseadgnl epixeadln on hsi weibset ttha he sdtbtiume teh backl-adn-wtehi iaemg \u201cas a ckyeeh myekno, to fndi otu if teh cometsopinti aer pepearrd fro AI igaems to ernet\u201d. He cduedcoln: \u201cThye aer nto.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Example sentence: As a common internet user, to find out if the competing products are perceived similarly from AI systems to humans.", "scrambled": "Eseadgnl epixeadln on hsi weibset ttha he sdtbtiume teh backl-adn-wtehi iaemg \u201cas a ckyeeh myekno, to fndi otu if teh cometsopinti aer pepearrd fro AI igaems to ernet\u201d. He cduedcoln: \u201cThye aer nto.\u201d.", "original": "Eldagsen explained on his website that he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a cheeky monkey, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images to enter\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d.", "recovered": "Example sentence: As a common internet user, to find out if the competing products are perceived similarly from AI systems to humans."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eoln Msku hsa lida off mroe tnha 6,000 ppoeel at Ttrewti sncei tiagkn oevr teh caonypm, he siad in an ieteriwnv tshi wkee. Teh rotcdieun eeaustq to ruylgoh 80% of teh cmaynop\u2019s saftf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have identified more than 6,000 species of beetle in the tropical canopy, he said in an interview this week. The record-breaking tally accounts for 80% of the canopy\u2019s species.", "scrambled": "Eoln Msku hsa lida off mroe tnha 6,000 ppoeel at Ttrewti sncei tiagkn oevr teh caonypm, he siad in an ieteriwnv tshi wkee. Teh rotcdieun eeaustq to ruylgoh 80% of teh cmaynop\u2019s saftf.", "original": "Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "recovered": "Scientists have identified more than 6,000 species of beetle in the tropical canopy, he said in an interview this week. The record-breaking tally accounts for 80% of the canopy\u2019s species."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Etonl Jnho\u2019s falin turo cmea to an edn wthi a perfnoearcm in Stkhocoml, Sdeewn, tshi mothn. Ltinse to teh hlarfttee msagese he saehdr wtih hsi fasn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Each June, the falling turquoise waters of the Rio Grande come to an end with a performance in Stokholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heart-tugging messages he shared with his fans.", "scrambled": "Etonl Jnho\u2019s falin turo cmea to an edn wthi a perfnoearcm in Stkhocoml, Sdeewn, tshi mothn. Ltinse to teh hlarfttee msagese he saehdr wtih hsi fasn.", "original": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an end with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans.", "recovered": "Each June, the falling turquoise waters of the Rio Grande come to an end with a performance in Stokholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heart-tugging messages he shared with his fans."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eegnsnier adn steiincsst at teh Bsiriht eniggeiennr gntai aer aniimg to ceaert a smlal adn lhitgeghwti nracelu mcoir-raetorc to pevdoir poerw ndeede fro hsanmu to liev adn wkor on teh Mnoo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists at the British Rocket Group designed an imaging system to certify a small and lightweight nuclear reactor-retort to provide power from moon to earth.", "scrambled": "Eegnsnier adn steiincsst at teh Bsiriht eniggeiennr gntai aer aniimg to ceaert a smlal adn lhitgeghwti nracelu mcoir-raetorc to pevdoir poerw ndeede fro hsanmu to liev adn wkor on teh Mnoo.", "original": "Engineers and scientists at the British engineering giant are aiming to create a small and lightweight nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon.", "recovered": "Scientists at the British Rocket Group designed an imaging system to certify a small and lightweight nuclear reactor-retort to provide power from moon to earth."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eaovinnrmelnt lyawre adn atin-vancice atcivtsi Rteorb F. Keydnne Jr. hsa fledi peorrkpwa to rnu fro pndiertse in 2024 as a Daeomrtc. Teh 69-yare-odl is teh sno of foerrm Nwe Ykro soraent, US attrnoey gernael adn assesdasanit 1968 pisaendrliet cedaidant Roretb F. Keednyn adn teh newphe of teh leat Pisdetren Jnoh F. Keyennd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Former President Donald Trump announced on Monday that he will once again run for president in 2024. The announcement came on the first day of the Republican National Committee\u2019s winter meeting in Orlando, Florida. \u201cOur incredible journey together starts right here, right now, and it starts with one very important word: \u2018again,\u2019\u201d Trump said. \u201cAgain, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again and we will make America great again.\u201d Trump, the former president, has remained politically active since leaving office in January. He has traveled the country holding rallies for Republican candidates and has remained a fixture", "scrambled": "Eaovinnrmelnt lyawre adn atin-vancice atcivtsi Rteorb F. Keydnne Jr. hsa fledi peorrkpwa to rnu fro pndiertse in 2024 as a Daeomrtc. Teh 69-yare-odl is teh sno of foerrm Nwe Ykro soraent, US attrnoey gernael adn assesdasanit 1968 pisaendrliet cedaidant Roretb F. Keednyn adn teh newphe of teh leat Pisdetren Jnoh F. Keyennd.", "original": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy.", "recovered": "Former President Donald Trump announced on Monday that he will once again run for president in 2024. The announcement came on the first day of the Republican National Committee\u2019s winter meeting in Orlando, Florida. \u201cOur incredible journey together starts right here, right now, and it starts with one very important word: \u2018again,\u2019\u201d Trump said. \u201cAgain, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again and we will make America great again.\u201d Trump, the former president, has remained politically active since leaving office in January. He has traveled the country holding rallies for Republican candidates and has remained a fixture"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eattes anetg Fhreis Cropoe hsa sehlads \u00a350,000 off teh oirialng \u00a3300,000 angkis pcier fro 3 Bmoeaolr Ctsoagte, wchhi ins\u2019t acbiseecsl by cra adn is svene mlsie fmro teh nratese tonw, Itgolenn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Estate agents Freeman & Co have sold a five-bedroom chalet-style house for \u00a350,000 below the original asking price of \u00a3300,000. The property at 3 Bohemia Close, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is even removed from the nearest town, Itgolittly.", "scrambled": "Eattes anetg Fhreis Cropoe hsa sehlads \u00a350,000 off teh oirialng \u00a3300,000 angkis pcier fro 3 Bmoeaolr Ctsoagte, wchhi ins\u2019t acbiseecsl by cra adn is svene mlsie fmro teh nratese tonw, Itgolenn.", "original": "Estate agent Fisher Cooper has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton.", "recovered": "Estate agents Freeman & Co have sold a five-bedroom chalet-style house for \u00a350,000 below the original asking price of \u00a3300,000. The property at 3 Bohemia Close, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is even removed from the nearest town, Itgolittly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Easriuna bsvaree were huetdn to eitxnnoict in Biirtna in teh 16th cntyrue, btu a begirden pria will be rncieddtuoer to wdntlsae in Eingal tish smurem in a bdi to hlep tklcae cieatlm cahgen by poitorgmn a beeisirodv emsctsoey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists were eager to experiment in Birrna in the 16th century, but a beginning priest will be required to understand in Eingal tish smurem in a bid to help tackle climate change by pointing out the benefits of biodiversity.", "scrambled": "Easriuna bsvaree were huetdn to eitxnnoict in Biirtna in teh 16th cntyrue, btu a begirden pria will be rncieddtuoer to wdntlsae in Eingal tish smurem in a bdi to hlep tklcae cieatlm cahgen by poitorgmn a beeisirodv emsctsoey.", "original": "Eurasian beavers were hunted to extinction in Britain in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.", "recovered": "Scientists were eager to experiment in Birrna in the 16th century, but a beginning priest will be required to understand in Eingal tish smurem in a bid to help tackle climate change by pointing out the benefits of biodiversity."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Evre seicn teh 2011 taumisn deyostedr teh Fmuhkuasi nueracl pntal, Jaanp hsa bene pumnigp wreta iotn teh stei to colo teh rtceroa\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 cingnattonami 130,000 leirts a dya. Nwo, teh gvornnteme pnlas to reeales a mnillio mietrc tsno of tish ttaeder rdvaiaoeict wtrea iton teh oeanc, \u201ceonhug to flli 500 Oilcmpy-szei sgnmiwim poslo\u201d, to itnnese oipntisopo fomr Cnaih adn myna Piafcic idslnas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In 2011 the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant discharged 130,000 liters of tainted water into the sea every day. Now the government plans to release a million metric tons of this toxic water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to indicate points from China and myna Pacific islands.", "scrambled": "Evre seicn teh 2011 taumisn deyostedr teh Fmuhkuasi nueracl pntal, Jaanp hsa bene pumnigp wreta iotn teh stei to colo teh rtceroa\u2019s feul rdos \u2013 cingnattonami 130,000 leirts a dya. Nwo, teh gvornnteme pnlas to reeales a mnillio mietrc tsno of tish ttaeder rdvaiaoeict wtrea iton teh oeanc, \u201ceonhug to flli 500 Oilcmpy-szei sgnmiwim poslo\u201d, to itnnese oipntisopo fomr Cnaih adn myna Piafcic idslnas.", "original": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 contaminating 130,000 litres a day. Now, the government plans to release a million metric tons of this treated radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense opposition from China and many Pacific islands.", "recovered": "In 2011 the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant discharged 130,000 liters of tainted water into the sea every day. Now the government plans to release a million metric tons of this toxic water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to indicate points from China and myna Pacific islands."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Epxesrt frea ttha TB resrstnepe a \u201ctcgkiin toibmmeb\u201d, aidm sinrgoa iteicnonf adn dheat rsate. Lsttea fieugsr stseugg taht teh dssieae kldiel ardnuo 4,400 pleope a dya wrldoeidw in 2021.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Experts predict that the TB rate could rise by up to 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "scrambled": "Epxesrt frea ttha TB resrstnepe a \u201ctcgkiin toibmmeb\u201d, aidm sinrgoa iteicnonf adn dheat rsate. Lsttea fieugsr stseugg taht teh dssieae kldiel ardnuo 4,400 pleope a dya wrldoeidw in 2021.", "original": "Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amid soaring infection and death rates. Latest figures suggest that the disease killed around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "recovered": "Experts predict that the TB rate could rise by up to 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Eresptx sya Aiensarmc aer tgippni less \u2013 olyn anudor 16% \u2013 at qiukc-sevreci emhtsebsiasnlt bcuesea teyh flee oemeredwvhl by opntios to tpi wthi a crda on a toeescchrun, lgenadi poeelp to be lses gurneeso.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " You have a 16% chance of survival if you are treated within six hours of the bite. Without treatment, the venom can cause death.", "scrambled": "Eresptx sya Aiensarmc aer tgippni less \u2013 olyn anudor 16% \u2013 at qiukc-sevreci emhtsebsiasnlt bcuesea teyh flee oemeredwvhl by opntios to tpi wthi a crda on a toeescchrun, lgenadi poeelp to be lses gurneeso.", "original": "Experts say Americans are tipping less \u2013 only around 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed by options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people to be less generous.", "recovered": "You have a 16% chance of survival if you are treated within six hours of the bite. Without treatment, the venom can cause death."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fceokoba urses woh hda an aecivt ancutco bteween Mya 2007 adn Dberemec 2022 cna nwo alpyp fro a srhae of teh copnyma\u2019s $725 mliolin sementtlte rdeceha in a moajr dtaa pyrvcia slcaadn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The chart shows the major data providers\u2019 share of the $725 million global data marketplace in 2022.", "scrambled": "Fceokoba urses woh hda an aecivt ancutco bteween Mya 2007 adn Dberemec 2022 cna nwo alpyp fro a srhae of teh copnyma\u2019s $725 mliolin sementtlte rdeceha in a moajr dtaa pyrvcia slcaadn.", "original": "Facebook users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement reached in a major data privacy scandal.", "recovered": "The chart shows the major data providers\u2019 share of the $725 million global data marketplace in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fasn wdleirdwo hvae bene pgniya teirtbu to teh Brihits densgrie, woh poderenie teh mktisirin. \u201cOlny teh Besaetl aer meor cleoysl tedi to teh lngede tath is Ldnoon\u2019s snwiigng 60s tnah Mrya Qatnu,\u201d sdai Teh Gnaduari.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fast-food giant McDonalds has been paying tribute to the British dinosaurs, who pioneered the music genre. \u201cOnly the Besttal are meor cleoysl tedi to the lngede tath is Ldnoon\u2019s snwiigng 60s tnah Mrya Qatnu,\u201d said The Guardian.", "scrambled": "Fasn wdleirdwo hvae bene pgniya teirtbu to teh Brihits densgrie, woh poderenie teh mktisirin. \u201cOlny teh Besaetl aer meor cleoysl tedi to teh lngede tath is Ldnoon\u2019s snwiigng 60s tnah Mrya Qatnu,\u201d sdai Teh Gnaduari.", "original": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who pioneered the miniskirt. \u201cOnly the Beatles are more closely tied to the legend that is London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.", "recovered": "Fast-food giant McDonalds has been paying tribute to the British dinosaurs, who pioneered the music genre. \u201cOnly the Besttal are meor cleoysl tedi to the lngede tath is Ldnoon\u2019s snwiigng 60s tnah Mrya Qatnu,\u201d said The Guardian."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Finndal, Demkanr adn Icnaedl rdknae histheg in teh UN\u2019s Wrodl Hsepinpas Rtreop, bseda on dtaa frmo teh Gplalu Wrldo Pllo. Baitinr doepdrp tow pslaec to 19th in teh iexdn, whlie Lenboan adn Aaatnfisghn were nmdae as teh uistenahpp nsoaitn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked high in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Baiting didn\u2019t help to place to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were made as the unhappiest nations.", "scrambled": "Finndal, Demkanr adn Icnaedl rdknae histheg in teh UN\u2019s Wrodl Hsepinpas Rtreop, bseda on dtaa frmo teh Gplalu Wrldo Pllo. Baitinr doepdrp tow pslaec to 19th in teh iexdn, whlie Lenboan adn Aaatnfisghn were nmdae as teh uistenahpp nsoaitn.", "original": "Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped two places to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest nations.", "recovered": "Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked high in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Baiting didn\u2019t help to place to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were made as the unhappiest nations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Foadril Grenorov DtsieSan is teh fistr moarj ciatnddea erve to aonncenu trhei rnu fro pnrdteesi on siacol miade, durngi a ctha wthi Enlo Msuk on Tewitrt Speasc on Wndadeeys. Btu teh cmpnaiga lhnauc wsa mderra by tlccanehi ghtsleic adn aioud plmesrob, as teh sliaoc nrwtkoe\u2019s seesrvr slrdeggut to ceop whit teh sgeru in dnadme.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " First marketed in 1988, Energy Brands is the first energy drink to announce the removal of three rumours on social media, during a crisis with Enlo Muks on Twitter Spaces on weekends. But the company founder was misunderstood by technical glitches and automatic planners, as the social network\u2019s server crashed due to the sudden influx of users.", "scrambled": "Foadril Grenorov DtsieSan is teh fistr moarj ciatnddea erve to aonncenu trhei rnu fro pnrdteesi on siacol miade, durngi a ctha wthi Enlo Msuk on Tewitrt Speasc on Wndadeeys. Btu teh cmpnaiga lhnauc wsa mderra by tlccanehi ghtsleic adn aioud plmesrob, as teh sliaoc nrwtkoe\u2019s seesrvr slrdeggut to ceop whit teh sgeru in dnadme.", "original": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, during a chat with Elon Musk on Twitter Spaces on Wednesday. But the campaign launch was marred by technical glitches and audio problems, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand.", "recovered": "First marketed in 1988, Energy Brands is the first energy drink to announce the removal of three rumours on social media, during a crisis with Enlo Muks on Twitter Spaces on weekends. But the company founder was misunderstood by technical glitches and automatic planners, as the social network\u2019s server crashed due to the sudden influx of users."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Foobllta\u2019s galolb givnrgone bdoy Fiaf hsa cnfomierd ttha teh tatrnumneo \u2013 bgnei co-hdetso by teh US, Cndaaa adn Mxicoe \u2013 is epnidnagx fomr 32 to 48 tmesa, whhic wlli rureieq 40 gsaem mreo tanh teh 64 pyleda in Qtara lsta yrea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Football\u2019s global governing body FIFA has confirmed that the tournament will be expanded from 32 to 48 teams beginning in 2026, which will require 40 additional match officials than the 64 officials in Qatar last year.", "scrambled": "Foobllta\u2019s galolb givnrgone bdoy Fiaf hsa cnfomierd ttha teh tatrnumneo \u2013 bgnei co-hdetso by teh US, Cndaaa adn Mxicoe \u2013 is epnidnagx fomr 32 to 48 tmesa, whhic wlli rureieq 40 gsaem mreo tanh teh 64 pyleda in Qtara lsta yrea.", "original": "Football\u2019s global governing body Fifa has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 games more than the 64 played in Qatar last year.", "recovered": "Football\u2019s global governing body FIFA has confirmed that the tournament will be expanded from 32 to 48 teams beginning in 2026, which will require 40 additional match officials than the 64 officials in Qatar last year."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fro atneroh yera in a rwo, stribeerwsra cutoeinn to hlod teh tpo spto on teh Diyrt Denoz lsit wtih teh msto psiicesedt, teh US Dteerntapm of Arciluutreg annceudon tsih weke.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the year in a row, stripe-tailed weka made the top spot on the Dieter Denoz list with the most voted, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "scrambled": "Fro atneroh yera in a rwo, stribeerwsra cutoeinn to hlod teh tpo spto on teh Diyrt Denoz lsit wtih teh msto psiicesedt, teh US Dteerntapm of Arciluutreg annceudon tsih weke.", "original": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "recovered": "For the year in a row, stripe-tailed weka made the top spot on the Dieter Denoz list with the most voted, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fro teh fsitr tiem in 31 yasre, teh Lrordaab Rietrerve hsa bnee usetenad as teh msto pualrop dgo brede in teh US, accrdnoig to teh Aaeimncr Klenne Culb\u2019s latets stssttiica. Tkinag ist pecal is teh ceut adn cmtoacp Fncerh Bloudlg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been used as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking the second place is the golden retriever.", "scrambled": "Fro teh fsitr tiem in 31 yasre, teh Lrordaab Rietrerve hsa bnee usetenad as teh msto pualrop dgo brede in teh US, accrdnoig to teh Aaeimncr Klenne Culb\u2019s latets stssttiica. Tkinag ist pecal is teh ceut adn cmtoacp Fncerh Bloudlg.", "original": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking its place is the cute and compact French Bulldog.", "recovered": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been used as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking the second place is the golden retriever."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fro teh frsit tmei in 70 ysrea, teh CCD is cnnihgga hwo dgso aer iemptdor iton teh US to penetrv ribeas fmor arirvgin fomr oesrsvea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in 70 years, the CCD is confirming that God exists, at least for the people in the US.", "scrambled": "Fro teh frsit tmei in 70 ysrea, teh CCD is cnnihgga hwo dgso aer iemptdor iton teh US to penetrv ribeas fmor arirvgin fomr oesrsvea.", "original": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas.", "recovered": "For the first time in 70 years, the CCD is confirming that God exists, at least for the people in the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fdor apreaps to be fcnagi mero mruintngafcua pseblrom. See teh mdselo atcefdef by teh ltsaet rlealc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For apparent to be final may prove to be misleading. See the middle-aged woman", "scrambled": "Fdor apreaps to be fcnagi mero mruintngafcua pseblrom. See teh mdselo atcefdef by teh ltsaet rlealc.", "original": "Ford appears to be facing more manufacturing problems. See the models affected by the latest recall.", "recovered": "For apparent to be final may prove to be misleading. See the middle-aged woman"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frod rleelacd hernduds of tussanohd of F-150 trksuc tihs weke deu to a prnakig bkrae isesu. So fra, teh aratoekum is aaewr of 299 incssaetn of teh pkainrg break anicttgavi uitnoenytanlinl, icunlingd at lstae 19 wileh teh vleihec wsa bgien dievrn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ford racked up record sales of F-150 trucks this week due to a pricing break even. So far, the automaker is ahead of 299 incssaetn of the competing break anicttgavi uitnoenytanlinl, including state 19 where the vleihec was begun.", "scrambled": "Frod rleelacd hernduds of tussanohd of F-150 trksuc tihs weke deu to a prnakig bkrae isesu. So fra, teh aratoekum is aaewr of 299 incssaetn of teh pkainrg break anicttgavi uitnoenytanlinl, icunlingd at lstae 19 wileh teh vleihec wsa bgien dievrn.", "original": "Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake activating unintentionally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven.", "recovered": "Ford racked up record sales of F-150 trucks this week due to a pricing break even. So far, the automaker is ahead of 299 incssaetn of the competing break anicttgavi uitnoenytanlinl, including state 19 where the vleihec was begun."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frorme Frtis Lday Mleleich Oabma aueodcnnn Weadeysnd ttha seh\u2019s lhncguian a hyaehlt fodo adn breaeveg capyomn fro ksdi to hpel cobatm teh \u201cntotniriu-retlaed htlahe csiirs\u201d in teh US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From meadows and fields, from lakes and rivers, from the mountains and the sea, from the forests and the rangelands, from the cities and the villages, we draw our strength as a nation.", "scrambled": "Frorme Frtis Lday Mleleich Oabma aueodcnnn Weadeysnd ttha seh\u2019s lhncguian a hyaehlt fodo adn breaeveg capyomn fro ksdi to hpel cobatm teh \u201cntotniriu-retlaed htlahe csiirs\u201d in teh US.", "original": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cnutrition-related health crisis\u201d in the US.", "recovered": "From meadows and fields, from lakes and rivers, from the mountains and the sea, from the forests and the rangelands, from the cities and the villages, we draw our strength as a nation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ferrmo Pentrisde Dndloa Tumpr pdadele nto guityl to 34 flnyoe ciimalnr cragseh of fyinalsifg binssesu rcdoesr in Mtnaantha carilimn ctuor Tdsayeu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many finch species build their nests in the craggy mountains of Mount Athos in Greece.", "scrambled": "Ferrmo Pentrisde Dndloa Tumpr pdadele nto guityl to 34 flnyoe ciimalnr cragseh of fyinalsifg binssesu rcdoesr in Mtnaantha carilimn ctuor Tdsayeu.", "original": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of falsifying business records in Manhattan criminal court Tuesday.", "recovered": "Many finch species build their nests in the craggy mountains of Mount Athos in Greece."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fromre Vcie Ptinesder Miek Pceen wlli lachnu hsi 2024 prieitsaenld cimgnaap on Jneu 7 wthi an aennoumntcne vdioe adn a scpehe in Iaow, tow ssource faiiarlm wtih teh pnlsa tlle CNN.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From the VCIC 2020, Meik Pceen will launch in January 2024 with a countdown video and a scope in Iowa, to source fairarlm with the panels of CNN.", "scrambled": "Fromre Vcie Ptinesder Miek Pceen wlli lachnu hsi 2024 prieitsaenld cimgnaap on Jneu 7 wthi an aennoumntcne vdioe adn a scpehe in Iaow, tow ssource faiiarlm wtih teh pnlsa tlle CNN.", "original": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sources familiar with the plans tell CNN.", "recovered": "From the VCIC 2020, Meik Pceen will launch in January 2024 with a countdown video and a scope in Iowa, to source fairarlm with the panels of CNN."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Freomr \u201cGtear Btsiihr Mnue\u201d srta Jhno Mnuoanit, onlyailigr frmo Lehirsnaac, ptesdo a mseeags on sicalo mdiea tienllg vnaegs to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aterf ginettg a neagtevi rweeiv form a nno-meta eeart. On teh Fbcakeoo peag of hsi Prhte rartauenst, Feyr, he addde ttha \u201call vgsnea aer nwo bndane\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " From Great Big Sea member, John Munro, originally, only from Great Big Sea, posted a message on social media telling people to \"f*** off\", after getting a negative review from a non-meta ear. On the Facebook page of his Private Reserve brand, Feyr, he added that \"all vgsnea are new bands\".", "scrambled": "Freomr \u201cGtear Btsiihr Mnue\u201d srta Jhno Mnuoanit, onlyailigr frmo Lehirsnaac, ptesdo a mseeags on sicalo mdiea tienllg vnaegs to \u201cf*** off\u201d, aterf ginettg a neagtevi rweeiv form a nno-meta eeart. On teh Fbcakeoo peag of hsi Prhte rartauenst, Feyr, he addde ttha \u201call vgsnea aer nwo bndane\u201d.", "original": "Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Mountain, originally from Lancashire, posted a message on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meat eater. On the Facebook page of his Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.", "recovered": "From Great Big Sea member, John Munro, originally, only from Great Big Sea, posted a message on social media telling people to \"f*** off\", after getting a negative review from a non-meta ear. On the Facebook page of his Private Reserve brand, Feyr, he added that \"all vgsnea are new bands\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Frou atotarnssu, ilcgindnu terhe Amnarsice adn oen Cinanaad, wlli be teh frsit cewr snte to otrbi teh moon sniec teh Alolop parrmgo edned mreo tnha 50 ysrea aog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " France, the United States, and the United Kingdom will be the first countries to send astronauts to the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "scrambled": "Frou atotarnssu, ilcgindnu terhe Amnarsice adn oen Cinanaad, wlli be teh frsit cewr snte to otrbi teh moon sniec teh Alolop parrmgo edned mreo tnha 50 ysrea aog.", "original": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one Canadian, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "recovered": "France, the United States, and the United Kingdom will be the first countries to send astronauts to the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Foru getra wtieh srhask heav bene dtectede swmiinmg off teh coats in teh ptas fwe wesek. Tyeh all aerapp to be mnkaig terih auannl mrionatgi fmor teh Filaodr Kyse up to teh US Noestathr adn Cdnaaa, aorgidcnc to teh nrfoonpti mearni reachsre gpuor OCAHERC.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coasts in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the non-profit organization OCEARCH.", "scrambled": "Foru getra wtieh srhask heav bene dtectede swmiinmg off teh coats in teh ptas fwe wesek. Tyeh all aerapp to be mnkaig terih auannl mrionatgi fmor teh Filaodr Kyse up to teh US Noestathr adn Cdnaaa, aorgidcnc to teh nrfoonpti mearni reachsre gpuor OCAHERC.", "original": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the nonprofit marine research group OCEARCH.", "recovered": "Some great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coasts in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the non-profit organization OCEARCH."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fruo mne ecpadse fmro a Msisisipsip jlai orve teh wedneke, osaflicif sdia. Oen of temh wsa fndou dade in a bneudr biudngli afert a safnotdf whit atrieoishut, adn a sdneco wsa adhrnepeedp in Tsxea. As of Firyda, atsihrietuo were cngointnui teirh sechra fro teh tow srugvinvi ecaesdp itensma.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Four people were killed and one injured when a car bomb exploded near a mosque in the western Pakistani city of Quetta on Friday, police said. Another blast took place in the eastern city of Lahore, but there were no reports of casualties. As of Friday, at least 70 people had been killed in sectarian violence in the country this month.", "scrambled": "Fruo mne ecpadse fmro a Msisisipsip jlai orve teh wedneke, osaflicif sdia. Oen of temh wsa fndou dade in a bneudr biudngli afert a safnotdf whit atrieoishut, adn a sdneco wsa adhrnepeedp in Tsxea. As of Firyda, atsihrietuo were cngointnui teirh sechra fro teh tow srugvinvi ecaesdp itensma.", "original": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with authorities, and a second was apprehended in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving escaped inmates.", "recovered": "Four people were killed and one injured when a car bomb exploded near a mosque in the western Pakistani city of Quetta on Friday, police said. Another blast took place in the eastern city of Lahore, but there were no reports of casualties. As of Friday, at least 70 people had been killed in sectarian violence in the country this month."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo Nwse adn Tckreu Closrna, teh rthgi-wngi etxrsimet woh hedtos teh nrwkeot\u2019s piemr tmie 8 p.m. hrou, heav seredev tsie, teh noekrwt sida in a stgnuinn aeuncntnenom on Moyand.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing commentators, on the network\u2019s prime time at 8 p.m. hour, heavily served the narrative, the narrative that in a stunning count, on Monday.", "scrambled": "Fxo Nwse adn Tckreu Closrna, teh rthgi-wngi etxrsimet woh hedtos teh nrwkeot\u2019s piemr tmie 8 p.m. hrou, heav seredev tsie, teh noekrwt sida in a stgnuinn aeuncntnenom on Moyand.", "original": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the network\u2019s prime time 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, the network said in a stunning announcement on Monday.", "recovered": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing commentators, on the network\u2019s prime time at 8 p.m. hour, heavily served the narrative, the narrative that in a stunning count, on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo Nwes anendoucn teh premi-tmei hsto\u2019s atpbru darurepet on Mnydoa, lsse tanh a wkee afetr agereign to pya $787.5m to setelt a doifeamant csae in wchih Cslnroa plydae a sirgarnt rleo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News anchor Doug McKelway reported on Monday\u2019s top stories on Money Magazine, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787,500 to settle a defamation case in which CSLNRO played a significant role.", "scrambled": "Fxo Nwes anendoucn teh premi-tmei hsto\u2019s atpbru darurepet on Mnydoa, lsse tanh a wkee afetr agereign to pya $787.5m to setelt a doifeamant csae in wchih Cslnroa plydae a sirgarnt rleo.", "original": "Fox News announced the prime-time host\u2019s abrupt departure on Monday, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role.", "recovered": "Fox News anchor Doug McKelway reported on Monday\u2019s top stories on Money Magazine, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787,500 to settle a defamation case in which CSLNRO played a significant role."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo Nesw aodievd a hhig-pirelfo doneaitafm talri by raihgnce teh ltas-mteuni dale wtih Dnioomni, cnulogdicn tow ysera of ltiginaito oerv teh nswe ntrowke\u2019s arigni of felsa csmila ttha teh 2020 US peseidlanirt eilteonc wsa regidg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News aired a high-profile debate among the top three candidates ahead of the 2020 US presidential election.", "scrambled": "Fxo Nesw aodievd a hhig-pirelfo doneaitafm talri by raihgnce teh ltas-mteuni dale wtih Dnioomni, cnulogdicn tow ysera of ltiginaito oerv teh nswe ntrowke\u2019s arigni of felsa csmila ttha teh 2020 US peseidlanirt eilteonc wsa regidg.", "original": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching the last-minute deal with Dominion, concluding two years of litigation over the news network\u2019s airing of false claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "recovered": "Fox News aired a high-profile debate among the top three candidates ahead of the 2020 US presidential election."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fxo Nesw will pya mroe tnah $787 miillno to Dmnooini Vingot Ssmyset aefrt teh tow sdise aeergd to a ltas-menuit steteenltm Tdsyeua in teh eixeolvsp dtnimafeao cesa bgohtur aainsgt teh rhtgi-wgni nrewotk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News will pay more than $787 million to former anchor Bill O\u2019Reilly in a settlement following allegations of sexual harassment that led to his ouster. The settlement will be paid out over the next three years, according to terms of the agreement. The total amount is one of the largest payouts in the network\u2019s history.", "scrambled": "Fxo Nesw will pya mroe tnah $787 miillno to Dmnooini Vingot Ssmyset aefrt teh tow sdise aeergd to a ltas-menuit steteenltm Tdsyeua in teh eixeolvsp dtnimafeao cesa bgohtur aainsgt teh rhtgi-wgni nrewotk.", "original": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Dominion Voting Systems after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the explosive defamation case brought against the right-wing network.", "recovered": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to former anchor Bill O\u2019Reilly in a settlement following allegations of sexual harassment that led to his ouster. The settlement will be paid out over the next three years, according to terms of the agreement. The total amount is one of the largest payouts in the network\u2019s history."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gneamr aieitsutrho wderan lslcoa in Bliern\u2019s suenhrot sursubb to sayt irosnod aertf retposr ttha a fmelea lino wsa at learg. Tow wseiessnt rptdeeor sengei a bgi cta rguninn aeftr adn kilinlg a wlid bora, argcdcion to pilcbu brtsdcaorea RBB. \u201cWe dno\u2019t konw weerh it cmea fmor,\u201d sdia peocil saponmsek Dinela Kepi. No nrebay zsoo, csuiecrs or scsietanuar seem to be msignsi oen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have discovered a new species of giant rat on an uninhabited island in the Pacific Ocean. The new species, which is the size of a domestic cat, is believed to be the largest of its kind. It was found on the island of Rota, which is part of the Republic of the Marshall Islands. The rat was spotted by a local woman, Dina Kepi, while she was out collecting soapnut seeds. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d she said. There is no evidence that the rat is a threat to the island\u2019s ecosystem.", "scrambled": "Gneamr aieitsutrho wderan lslcoa in Bliern\u2019s suenhrot sursubb to sayt irosnod aertf retposr ttha a fmelea lino wsa at learg. Tow wseiessnt rptdeeor sengei a bgi cta rguninn aeftr adn kilinlg a wlid bora, argcdcion to pilcbu brtsdcaorea RBB. \u201cWe dno\u2019t konw weerh it cmea fmor,\u201d sdia peocil saponmsek Dinela Kepi. No nrebay zsoo, csuiecrs or scsietanuar seem to be msignsi oen.", "original": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at large. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a wild boar, according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Daniel Kiep. No nearby zoos, circuses or sanctuaries seem to be missing one.", "recovered": "Scientists have discovered a new species of giant rat on an uninhabited island in the Pacific Ocean. The new species, which is the size of a domestic cat, is believed to be the largest of its kind. It was found on the island of Rota, which is part of the Republic of the Marshall Islands. The rat was spotted by a local woman, Dina Kepi, while she was out collecting soapnut seeds. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d she said. There is no evidence that the rat is a threat to the island\u2019s ecosystem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Genyarm, teh tow-tmie coihmpan taem, wsa dliylmcatara kdcenok otu of teh Wdolr Cpu on Tdyharus aeftr a 1-1 drwa wiht Suoth Kreao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Germanytime, the two-time champion team, was eliminated in the quarterfinals of the World Cup today after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "scrambled": "Genyarm, teh tow-tmie coihmpan taem, wsa dliylmcatara kdcenok otu of teh Wdolr Cpu on Tdyharus aeftr a 1-1 drwa wiht Suoth Kreao.", "original": "Germany, the two-time champion team, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "recovered": "Germanytime, the two-time champion team, was eliminated in the quarterfinals of the World Cup today after a 1-1 draw with South Korea."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Glgosaw hsa an ageearv lfei ecpyctaexn of 76 yeasr, cdeoprma wthi 88 in nhrot Lnnood\u2019s Hdetaspam aear, aocncrgdi to an asinylas of OSN dtaa by Hhaelt Esalqu. Teh capnigam gpuor baledm \u201cslrgtinat\u201d ranoegil deiaspsirti on srubdtdsnaa hogsiun, proo euitcdaon adn pyovtre. Fndi otu moer whit Teh Wkee Uwneprdpa pscaodt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Gloucestershire has an area of 760 square miles, comprising 88% of the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, according to an assessment of OS data by Helen Esalque. The capital city of Gloucestershire is the historic city of Gloucester. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "Glgosaw hsa an ageearv lfei ecpyctaexn of 76 yeasr, cdeoprma wthi 88 in nhrot Lnnood\u2019s Hdetaspam aear, aocncrgdi to an asinylas of OSN dtaa by Hhaelt Esalqu. Teh capnigam gpuor baledm \u201cslrgtinat\u201d ranoegil deiaspsirti on srubdtdsnaa hogsiun, proo euitcdaon adn pyovtre. Fndi otu moer whit Teh Wkee Uwneprdpa pscaodt.", "original": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hampstead area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d regional disparities on substandard housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Gloucestershire has an area of 760 square miles, comprising 88% of the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, according to an assessment of OS data by Helen Esalque. The capital city of Gloucestershire is the historic city of Gloucester. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Galolb sart Taolry Siwtf hsa re-reedalse hre 2010 amlub \u201cSakpe Nwo\u201d as prta of an ognongi re-rrgoidecn prctoej. Btu fasn aer ddiveid orve cesghan to teh lirsyc of teh alumb\u2019s tthen tarck, \u201cBetrte Tanh Rgneeve\u201d. In teh oaginilr visnore, Siwtf asesccu a grli woh hsa selnot hre lveo isrteetn of bieng \u201cbretet knwno fro teh tshing ttha seh dsoe / On teh mssteart.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Siwftah with the stars in 2010 released \u201cSakpase Bo\u201d as part of an ongoing regeneration process. But fast forward a decade later, certain people decide to rewrite the lyrics of the anthem\u2019s second verse, \u201cBeter dan Hari Rinevee\u201d. In the original version, Siwftah describes a great person who has selflessly left the live to ensure the street\u2019s safety, \u201cbetter known for the things that he did / On the streets.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Galolb sart Taolry Siwtf hsa re-reedalse hre 2010 amlub \u201cSakpe Nwo\u201d as prta of an ognongi re-rrgoidecn prctoej. Btu fasn aer ddiveid orve cesghan to teh lirsyc of teh alumb\u2019s tthen tarck, \u201cBetrte Tanh Rgneeve\u201d. In teh oaginilr visnore, Siwtf asesccu a grli woh hsa selnot hre lveo isrteetn of bieng \u201cbretet knwno fro teh tshing ttha seh dsoe / On teh mssteart.\u201d.", "original": "Global star Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing re-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her love interest of being \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.", "recovered": "Siwftah with the stars in 2010 released \u201cSakpase Bo\u201d as part of an ongoing regeneration process. But fast forward a decade later, certain people decide to rewrite the lyrics of the anthem\u2019s second verse, \u201cBeter dan Hari Rinevee\u201d. In the original version, Siwftah describes a great person who has selflessly left the live to ensure the street\u2019s safety, \u201cbetter known for the things that he did / On the streets.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Garengr drdleeevi teh nsew, knwno as Glernae Odrser, No. 3, in Geotvalns, Tsaex.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Garengerie, also known as Glernae Odrser, No. 3, in Georgetown, Seattle.", "scrambled": "Garengr drdleeevi teh nsew, knwno as Glernae Odrser, No. 3, in Geotvalns, Tsaex.", "original": "Granger delivered the news, known as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "recovered": "Garengerie, also known as Glernae Odrser, No. 3, in Georgetown, Seattle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ganneeldr\u2019s pneaimlrat vtdeo to sctki to Dlhatygi Snvgia Tiesm in oderr to geiv ploepe in teh Dsahni smie-itnndndepee tirotrery mreo tmie in teh aorfnoent to do bseusnsi wthi Eeruop adn Nhort Aicamre. Fnid otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Urawpndep pcdatos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Globalization has led to an increase in the movement of people, capital, goods, services, technologies, and information across national borders. This process has created a world that is more interdependent and interconnected than ever before. As a result, it has become increasingly important to understand the impact of globalization on the environment, social conditions, and economic development. The Week in Pictures provides a weekly overview of some of the major global events and developments of the week.", "scrambled": "Ganneeldr\u2019s pneaimlrat vtdeo to sctki to Dlhatygi Snvgia Tiesm in oderr to geiv ploepe in teh Dsahni smie-itnndndepee tirotrery mreo tmie in teh aorfnoent to do bseusnsi wthi Eeruop adn Nhort Aicamre. Fnid otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Urawpndep pcdatos.", "original": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick to Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent territory more time in the afternoon to do business with Europe and North America. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Globalization has led to an increase in the movement of people, capital, goods, services, technologies, and information across national borders. This process has created a world that is more interdependent and interconnected than ever before. As a result, it has become increasingly important to understand the impact of globalization on the environment, social conditions, and economic development. The Week in Pictures provides a weekly overview of some of the major global events and developments of the week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gaert Gewrgi\u2019s \u201cBrbaie\u201d cidlema teh tpo spto as teh hehistg-gossgrin fiml of teh yare, rkgina in $162 miillno in teh US adn Caaand anole.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Garth Gardner\u2019s \u201cBrahms\u201d double concerto topped the charts as the year\u2019s best-selling film in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "scrambled": "Gaert Gewrgi\u2019s \u201cBrbaie\u201d cidlema teh tpo spto as teh hehistg-gossgrin fiml of teh yare, rkgina in $162 miillno in teh US adn Caaand anole.", "original": "Greta Gerwig\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "recovered": "Garth Gardner\u2019s \u201cBrahms\u201d double concerto topped the charts as the year\u2019s best-selling film in $162 million in the US and Canada alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Grfie-skicertn Nvhslaiel reditness caem tethegro fro a vglii Waedsnyed to mnruo trehe 9-yaer-odl clhenrid adn teehr aldtsu klelid in teh mssa sigohotn at a piervat Carshiint socloh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Greatness is not a function of circumstances. Greatness, it turns out, is not a function of age. Greatness is not about certainties. Greatness is not about never failing. Greatness is not the result of a lightning bolt. Greatness is not about being the smartest person in the room. Greatness is not about being the best. Greatness is the steady march towards something. Greatness is found in the struggle, the resilience, the perseverance, the humility. Greatness is a choice.", "scrambled": "Grfie-skicertn Nvhslaiel reditness caem tethegro fro a vglii Waedsnyed to mnruo trehe 9-yaer-odl clhenrid adn teehr aldtsu klelid in teh mssa sigohotn at a piervat Carshiint socloh.", "original": "Grief-stricken Nashville residents came together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-year-old children and three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.", "recovered": "Greatness is not a function of circumstances. Greatness, it turns out, is not a function of age. Greatness is not about certainties. Greatness is not about never failing. Greatness is not the result of a lightning bolt. Greatness is not about being the smartest person in the room. Greatness is not about being the best. Greatness is the steady march towards something. Greatness is found in the struggle, the resilience, the perseverance, the humility. Greatness is a choice."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: HOB\u2019s \u201cSinsescuoc\u201d lde wthi 27 Eymm nnoisanitom, flolwoed by \u201cTeh Ltsa of Us\u201d wtih 24. Teh Emym Arswad aer crltenryu sucdlehde fro Srmbteepe 18. (HOB, wchhi leik CNN, is oednw by Wrnare Bosr. Drvsyocie.).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " HOB\u2019s \u201cSins of a Family\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are created by Warner Bros. Discovery. Discovery.).", "scrambled": "HOB\u2019s \u201cSinsescuoc\u201d lde wthi 27 Eymm nnoisanitom, flolwoed by \u201cTeh Ltsa of Us\u201d wtih 24. Teh Emym Arswad aer crltenryu sucdlehde fro Srmbteepe 18. (HOB, wchhi leik CNN, is oednw by Wrnare Bosr. Drvsyocie.).", "original": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.).", "recovered": "HOB\u2019s \u201cSins of a Family\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are created by Warner Bros. Discovery. Discovery.)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hkrseac form a rseramwaon ggna aer trgnehnaite to lkea 80 gtgsiebya of colianifdten data fomr Rdeitd taht tehy cmlai to hvea sleotn dringu a Fyrebrau bcahre, arnicocdg to a ptso form teh gpruo on teh dkra wbe, whchi wsa reeedvwi by CNN adn an iedeendtpnn crcytruiyseeb etrpex.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have created a system that can read brain activity to accurately identify 80 different characters with up to 96% accuracy. The system was tested on 1000 brain scans from the 1000 Functional Brain Maps Database and was able to correctly identify the hand movement of the person in the scan with up to 96% accuracy. This is a huge step forward in the development of brain-computer interfaces, which could one day allow people to control machines just by thinking about them.", "scrambled": "Hkrseac form a rseramwaon ggna aer trgnehnaite to lkea 80 gtgsiebya of colianifdten data fomr Rdeitd taht tehy cmlai to hvea sleotn dringu a Fyrebrau bcahre, arnicocdg to a ptso form teh gpruo on teh dkra wbe, whchi wsa reeedvwi by CNN adn an iedeendtpnn crcytruiyseeb etrpex.", "original": "Hackers from a ransomware gang are threatening to leak 80 gigabytes of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a February breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by CNN and an independent cybersecurity expert.", "recovered": "Scientists have created a system that can read brain activity to accurately identify 80 different characters with up to 96% accuracy. The system was tested on 1000 brain scans from the 1000 Functional Brain Maps Database and was able to correctly identify the hand movement of the person in the scan with up to 96% accuracy. This is a huge step forward in the development of brain-computer interfaces, which could one day allow people to control machines just by thinking about them."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hfal of all Ainsmecar lnvigi oisuedt on teh srttees liev in Cnafrloiia. Moer tnha 170,000 udheousn poeepl cyrluretn lvei in teh satte \u2014 adn thta feigru is gwirnog, flrdeea data sowhs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Half of all Ainsmecar inmates died on the streets because they lived in California. More than 170,000 homeless people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows.", "scrambled": "Hfal of all Ainsmecar lnvigi oisuedt on teh srttees liev in Cnafrloiia. Moer tnha 170,000 udheousn poeepl cyrluretn lvei in teh satte \u2014 adn thta feigru is gwirnog, flrdeea data sowhs.", "original": "Half of all Americans living outside on the streets live in California. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows.", "recovered": "Half of all Ainsmecar inmates died on the streets because they lived in California. More than 170,000 homeless people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hnhnaa Irnamg-Moeor adn hre hbusadn wree gdtnera pneirsioms to bdlui an ofcief in teh gsdruon of tiher Bsherirefddo hemo, to be ueds ptalyr \u201cin cnictnnoeo wtih teh Caipant Tmo Fuiontnoad adn ist chabtralie obevstijce\u201d, btu tehn addde a ploo bdgulnii adn aplipde fro rreeoescviptt pnmreissio. Tehy hvae nwo bnee oerdred to dlsimheo teh ploo sap cpemxol atref teh riestceoteprv aaipoipcntl wsa deiend.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Having been appointed as a bishop in the Church of England, Moore was also asked to serve as a chaplain to the Forces, a position which he used \u201cin conjunction with the Captain General of the Tudor Flag Foundation and its central objective\u201d, but then added a plan badge and applied for a provisional exemption. They have now been ordered to dissimulate the plan sap completely at the request of the recipient was decided.", "scrambled": "Hnhnaa Irnamg-Moeor adn hre hbusadn wree gdtnera pneirsioms to bdlui an ofcief in teh gsdruon of tiher Bsherirefddo hemo, to be ueds ptalyr \u201cin cnictnnoeo wtih teh Caipant Tmo Fuiontnoad adn ist chabtralie obevstijce\u201d, btu tehn addde a ploo bdgulnii adn aplipde fro rreeoescviptt pnmreissio. Tehy hvae nwo bnee oerdred to dlsimheo teh ploo sap cpemxol atref teh riestceoteprv aaipoipcntl wsa deiend.", "original": "Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband were granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire home, to be used partly \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool building and applied for retrospective permission. They have now been ordered to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application was denied.", "recovered": "Having been appointed as a bishop in the Church of England, Moore was also asked to serve as a chaplain to the Forces, a position which he used \u201cin conjunction with the Captain General of the Tudor Flag Foundation and its central objective\u201d, but then added a plan badge and applied for a provisional exemption. They have now been ordered to dissimulate the plan sap completely at the request of the recipient was decided."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hnu Sne, woh hsa bnee Cbdmioaa\u2019s permi meirstni seinc 1985, anouenndc hsi rgonienaits dsay artfe hsi ptyar wno a vyuartill utscdeotnen gnarele eoilecnt. Fndi otu moer wiht Teh Weke Upnwerpad ptsdcoa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Since Cbdmioaa\u2019s permission to merge was first announced in 1985, the two companies have completed the deal today. This means that a valuable asset of one of the companies now belongs to the other. Find out more with The Week in Review podcast.", "scrambled": "Hnu Sne, woh hsa bnee Cbdmioaa\u2019s permi meirstni seinc 1985, anouenndc hsi rgonienaits dsay artfe hsi ptyar wno a vyuartill utscdeotnen gnarele eoilecnt. Fndi otu moer wiht Teh Weke Upnwerpad ptsdcoa.", "original": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Since Cbdmioaa\u2019s permission to merge was first announced in 1985, the two companies have completed the deal today. This means that a valuable asset of one of the companies now belongs to the other. Find out more with The Week in Review podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hetrnu Bdeni, teh sno of Pdieestrn Jeo Bdeni, wlli pdael gitlyu to tow txa mrnidssmeoea adn srkcut a dlae whit faerled pcertoussor to revlsoe a flyeon gnu cagehr, teh Jtuiecs Deanpetrmt siad Tsadyue in cutro fnsgiil. As prat of teh pale aegrteemn, teh DJO hsa adeger to rnomdceme a seectnne of ptioonbra fro teh tow ctnous of falingi to pya txsae in a tilmey mratet fro teh yares 2017 adn 2018, acrnoigdc to srcsuoe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The son of Peter Jennings, the former anchor of ABC World News Tonight, will guest-host the program this summer. As part of the transition, the DJO has agreed to remove a section of programming from the two continents of falling to pay taxes in a timely manner, according to sources.", "scrambled": "Hetrnu Bdeni, teh sno of Pdieestrn Jeo Bdeni, wlli pdael gitlyu to tow txa mrnidssmeoea adn srkcut a dlae whit faerled pcertoussor to revlsoe a flyeon gnu cagehr, teh Jtuiecs Deanpetrmt siad Tsadyue in cutro fnsgiil. As prat of teh pale aegrteemn, teh DJO hsa adeger to rnomdceme a seectnne of ptioonbra fro teh tow ctnous of falingi to pya txsae in a tilmey mratet fro teh yares 2017 adn 2018, acrnoigdc to srcsuoe.", "original": "Hunter Biden, the son of President Joe Biden, will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "recovered": "The son of Peter Jennings, the former anchor of ABC World News Tonight, will guest-host the program this summer. As part of the transition, the DJO has agreed to remove a section of programming from the two continents of falling to pay taxes in a timely manner, according to sources."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hiilvadrm hsa rncyteel repaprdeea off teh csota of Sdenew, hvniag snetp yresa in Narginowe wraest. Wehn teh waleh ftisr aaerpdep fuor yares aog, mnriae biogotilss fmro teh Nagneoiwr droetrectia of ferihssei rmdveoe a hesrnsa, wihhc hda a mutno silabtue fro an antoci creaam adn teh wdsor \u201cEpemnqiut St Psberetugr\u201d pietdnr on it, lgiedan to saiuoenlctp teh wehal culdo hvae been ptar of a Rnusasi snigyp pmmrareog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The name of the whale in the picture is a sperm whale, and the picture was probably taken in the western North Pacific. When the whale fluke appears in the picture, it is diving down from the northeast direction, which is the direction of Japan. The shape of the fluke and the presence of the word \u201cEpemnqiut St Psberetugr\u201d printed on it indicate that the picture was probably part of a Russian scientific whaling program.", "scrambled": "Hiilvadrm hsa rncyteel repaprdeea off teh csota of Sdenew, hvniag snetp yresa in Narginowe wraest. Wehn teh waleh ftisr aaerpdep fuor yares aog, mnriae biogotilss fmro teh Nagneoiwr droetrectia of ferihssei rmdveoe a hesrnsa, wihhc hda a mutno silabtue fro an antoci creaam adn teh wdsor \u201cEpemnqiut St Psberetugr\u201d pietdnr on it, lgiedan to saiuoenlctp teh wehal culdo hvae been ptar of a Rnusasi snigyp pmmrareog.", "original": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having spent years in Norwegian waters. When the whale first appeared four years ago, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of fisheries removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cEquipment St Petersburg\u201d printed on it, leading to speculation the whale could have been part of a Russian spying programme.", "recovered": "The name of the whale in the picture is a sperm whale, and the picture was probably taken in the western North Pacific. When the whale fluke appears in the picture, it is diving down from the northeast direction, which is the direction of Japan. The shape of the fluke and the presence of the word \u201cEpemnqiut St Psberetugr\u201d printed on it indicate that the picture was probably part of a Russian scientific whaling program."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: If teh tow-yare poitl prrameogm srcuese fgnndiu, vereltunso to rcveeie UIB wlli be seletced at roamnd fomr Jrarwo in Suoht Tseydine adn Etsa Flchieyn in nrhto Lonnod, adn 20% of pelcas will be rveeerds fro plpeeo wthi dateiiisisbl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " If the tow-yare police programme srcuese fgnndiu, verletunso to rcveeie UIB will be selected at roamnd from Jarwo in South Tseydine and Etsa Flchieyn in north of London, and 20% of people will be re-ejected from please with disabilities.", "scrambled": "If teh tow-yare poitl prrameogm srcuese fgnndiu, vereltunso to rcveeie UIB wlli be seletced at roamnd fomr Jrarwo in Suoht Tseydine adn Etsa Flchieyn in nrhto Lonnod, adn 20% of pelcas will be rveeerds fro plpeeo wthi dateiiisisbl.", "original": "If the two-year pilot programme secures funding, volunteers to receive UBI will be selected at random from Jarrow in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "recovered": "If the tow-yare police programme srcuese fgnndiu, verletunso to rcveeie UIB will be selected at roamnd from Jarwo in South Tseydine and Etsa Flchieyn in north of London, and 20% of people will be re-ejected from please with disabilities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In 2022, teh Sttea Fiar of Txsea womeldec mero tanh 2.5 molnlii voisisrt tugrohh ist gsaet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors in 2022.", "scrambled": "In 2022, teh Sttea Fiar of Txsea womeldec mero tanh 2.5 molnlii voisisrt tugrohh ist gsaet.", "original": "In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates.", "recovered": "The State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Cnenalh 4\u2019s \u201cGeggr Waeclla: Teh Briisht Mlciaer Mate\u201d, teh MrtCfseeah co-htos cdaemil to be viignits a cmyanop ttah sdol \u201ceeinndgere hmaun mtea\u201d grwno fomr scelsi of fslhe sayilrlgcu hsevradet fmor rlea poplee. Teh moaecntrukym hsa skdprea csmaptloni to Ocomf fmro veweirs woh beeiveld Wealacl ryaell wsa ptrngmooi hanum ssaket as a wya to catmob teh csto-of-lvniig crsisi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGeggr Waeclla: Teh Briisht Mlciaer Mate\u201d, the McStasio family cameoed in order to demonstrate a cyanotope tachyon device \u201ceeinndgere hmaun mtea\u201d grown from cells of the salamander species selected for their ability to regenerate. The McStasio family have also supplied components to Ocom, from viewers who beiveld Wealacl, who in turn mapped the components and supplied the assembly as a way to catalyse the cost-of-living crisis.", "scrambled": "In Cnenalh 4\u2019s \u201cGeggr Waeclla: Teh Briisht Mlciaer Mate\u201d, teh MrtCfseeah co-htos cdaemil to be viignits a cmyanop ttah sdol \u201ceeinndgere hmaun mtea\u201d grwno fomr scelsi of fslhe sayilrlgcu hsevradet fmor rlea poplee. Teh moaecntrukym hsa skdprea csmaptloni to Ocomf fmro veweirs woh beeiveld Wealacl ryaell wsa ptrngmooi hanum ssaket as a wya to catmob teh csto-of-lvniig crsisi.", "original": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle Meat\u201d, the MasterChef co-host claimed to be visiting a company that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices of flesh surgically harvested from real people. The mockumentary has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis.", "recovered": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGeggr Waeclla: Teh Briisht Mlciaer Mate\u201d, the McStasio family cameoed in order to demonstrate a cyanotope tachyon device \u201ceeinndgere hmaun mtea\u201d grown from cells of the salamander species selected for their ability to regenerate. The McStasio family have also supplied components to Ocom, from viewers who beiveld Wealacl, who in turn mapped the components and supplied the assembly as a way to catalyse the cost-of-living crisis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Iytal, an infiensnitgy hate waev hsa aarylde cmldeia at lseat oen leif adn lfte sevaelr tstrusio in Rmeo iaeanptdatcci deu to htea seotrk, ocsfaifli sida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In Italy, an infectious disease called malaria has always been a common threat during the summer months, especially in Rome.", "scrambled": "In Iytal, an infiensnitgy hate waev hsa aarylde cmldeia at lseat oen leif adn lfte sevaelr tstrusio in Rmeo iaeanptdatcci deu to htea seotrk, ocsfaifli sida.", "original": "In Italy, an intensifying heat wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rome incapacitated due to heat stroke, officials said.", "recovered": "In Italy, an infectious disease called malaria has always been a common threat during the summer months, especially in Rome."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a YuGvoo sveruy of 4,592 Briihts vreots, amtols oen in fruo Gne Z resdntnopes sadi teh Bitsrih mhyaocnr sohdlu be ralpcdee wthi an eeledtc hade of saett. Amoslt 60% siad tyhe bveeedil Kgin Carsleh wsa otu of tohuc whit teh piucbl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a recent YouGov survey of 4,592 Brits voters, almost one in five said the Brexit mayor should be replaced with an elected head. Almost 60% said the current Prime Minister was out of touch with the public.", "scrambled": "In a YuGvoo sveruy of 4,592 Briihts vreots, amtols oen in fruo Gne Z resdntnopes sadi teh Bitsrih mhyaocnr sohdlu be ralpcdee wthi an eeledtc hade of saett. Amoslt 60% siad tyhe bveeedil Kgin Carsleh wsa otu of tohuc whit teh piucbl.", "original": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British voters, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy should be replaced with an elected head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public.", "recovered": "In a recent YouGov survey of 4,592 Brits voters, almost one in five said the Brexit mayor should be replaced with an elected head. Almost 60% said the current Prime Minister was out of touch with the public."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a bdi to ptrevne roeaecsrg fomr uargntnii in plucbi durngi tihs weke\u2019s minetge, Cahmtnhele Cuoilnc pddovire lquidi-rplilgnee hdrioocbyph pinat to ressietdn adn bessenusis. Oififslca in teh Ghsrreioesculte tonw aols poucddre a pteros sngwoih a mna adn a wnaom peeign agiasnt a tere, wiht teh salogn: \u201cHvae fnu tshi rcae wkee btu rebemmer oru tonw ins\u2019t yrou ttleoi.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a bid to prevent further erosion from undermining its foundations in the pounding surf, the Chapel of the Holy Spirit perches precariously on the edge of the cliff. Over the years, the structure has withstood many a fierce winter storm, with the slogan: \u201cHave faith this old chapel will outlast you too.\u201d", "scrambled": "In a bdi to ptrevne roeaecsrg fomr uargntnii in plucbi durngi tihs weke\u2019s minetge, Cahmtnhele Cuoilnc pddovire lquidi-rplilgnee hdrioocbyph pinat to ressietdn adn bessenusis. Oififslca in teh Ghsrreioesculte tonw aols poucddre a pteros sngwoih a mna adn a wnaom peeign agiasnt a tere, wiht teh salogn: \u201cHvae fnu tshi rcae wkee btu rebemmer oru tonw ins\u2019t yrou ttleoi.\u201d.", "original": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, Cheltenham Council provided liquid-repelling hydrophobic paint to residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also produced a poster showing a man and a woman peeing against a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.", "recovered": "In a bid to prevent further erosion from undermining its foundations in the pounding surf, the Chapel of the Holy Spirit perches precariously on the edge of the cliff. Over the years, the structure has withstood many a fierce winter storm, with the slogan: \u201cHave faith this old chapel will outlast you too.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a lttere to hhaelt adn soilca cear bsseso, Mte Poelic cnsmioemoris Mrka Rwleyo sadtte hsi itnintneo to orrde oerfisfc nto to atdtne matlen hleaht iinenstdc frmo 31 Agtsuu odrwans. Relywo audegr teh mvoe is nersacesy as oefrfsic aer begin \u201cdteiderv form tehir ceor reol of fhggiitn cmeri\u201d, cllgnai teh cretnru staioniut \u201cutanelenb\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a letter to help adn soilcear cear basseso, Mte Poelic consmioemoris Mark Rwleyo stated his intention to order oversfic nto to addtne matlen hleaht iinenstdc frmo 31 Agtsuu ordwans. Relywo audience the move is nersacesy as overfsic are begin \u201cdetiderv form tehir core role of fhggitn cmeri\u201d, cllgnai the critical stationiut \u201cutanelenb\u201d.", "scrambled": "In a lttere to hhaelt adn soilca cear bsseso, Mte Poelic cnsmioemoris Mrka Rwleyo sadtte hsi itnintneo to orrde oerfisfc nto to atdtne matlen hleaht iinenstdc frmo 31 Agtsuu odrwans. Relywo audegr teh mvoe is nersacesy as oefrfsic aer begin \u201cdteiderv form tehir ceor reol of fhggiitn cmeri\u201d, cllgnai teh cretnru staioniut \u201cutanelenb\u201d.", "original": "In a letter to health and social care bosses, Met Police commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend mental health incidents from 31 August onwards. Rowley argued the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "recovered": "In a letter to help adn soilcear cear basseso, Mte Poelic consmioemoris Mark Rwleyo stated his intention to order oversfic nto to addtne matlen hleaht iinenstdc frmo 31 Agtsuu ordwans. Relywo audience the move is nersacesy as overfsic are begin \u201cdetiderv form tehir core role of fhggitn cmeri\u201d, cllgnai the critical stationiut \u201cutanelenb\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a nrpsewape itewirnev adhae of Tysurdah\u2019s lcalo eetlcsnoi, Sarertm pddelge to lade a \u201cbldo adn roifernmg Lbaruo govenrtnem brnignig aotub rlea chgaen\u201d by oirgevlhaun pbucli sicseevr idngiucln teh NSH. Teh Larobu lreeda aols unieevdl plnsa to hepl fsrit-teim hmeo byrues, adn a raevpm of tioutni fsee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a rare display of unity, the leaders of Turkey, Russia, Germany, France, and Britain issued a joint statement calling on Iran to abandon its nuclear weapons program and join the non-proliferation treaty. The leaders also unveiled plans to help Iran with its first-time presidential election, and a review of tensions in the region.", "scrambled": "In a nrpsewape itewirnev adhae of Tysurdah\u2019s lcalo eetlcsnoi, Sarertm pddelge to lade a \u201cbldo adn roifernmg Lbaruo govenrtnem brnignig aotub rlea chgaen\u201d by oirgevlhaun pbucli sicseevr idngiucln teh NSH. Teh Larobu lreeda aols unieevdl plnsa to hepl fsrit-teim hmeo byrues, adn a raevpm of tioutni fsee.", "original": "In a newspaper interview ahead of Thursday\u2019s local elections, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and reforming Labour government bringing about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a revamp of tuition fees.", "recovered": "In a rare display of unity, the leaders of Turkey, Russia, Germany, France, and Britain issued a joint statement calling on Iran to abandon its nuclear weapons program and join the non-proliferation treaty. The leaders also unveiled plans to help Iran with its first-time presidential election, and a review of tensions in the region."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a rptreo plihdeusb on Trdauyhs, teh piisleervg cmieemtot sdai ttah hda Joonsnh nto aardlye rdneegis, he sdolhu heav fdaec a terhe-mtohn sepniusnos fro dleteielaybr mdeiinslga MsP orve Pyattgrae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a recent poll done on Today\u2019s Youth, the pervasive idea said that having aardvark redneegis, he sold his house and bought a terhe-mtohn separate nos from deliberate misleading information MsP orve Pyattgrae.", "scrambled": "In a rptreo plihdeusb on Trdauyhs, teh piisleervg cmieemtot sdai ttah hda Joonsnh nto aardlye rdneegis, he sdolhu heav fdaec a terhe-mtohn sepniusnos fro dleteielaybr mdeiinslga MsP orve Pyattgrae.", "original": "In a report published on Thursday, the privileges committee said that had Johnson not already resigned, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "recovered": "In a recent poll done on Today\u2019s Youth, the pervasive idea said that having aardvark redneegis, he sold his house and bought a terhe-mtohn separate nos from deliberate misleading information MsP orve Pyattgrae."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a sniigcntfai legla rignul, a Caandnia jdeug hsa dleecrad tath teh \u201ctmhbsu-up\u201d eiojm cirsrae teh smae lgale wtehig as a taalorinitd srinaugte. Teh jeugd aurdge tath ctours muts eabcmer teh eigvvlno cmnomiiunatco mdoshet of teh \u201cnwe relitay\u201d as he padess a vtercdi ddniagmne a frrema pya C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) fro an uldnluffeli conrttca wtih a gianr buery.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a recent legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201ctmhbsu-up\u201d eiojm circles rate the same legal weight as a sworn statement. The judge argued that the youth audience should not be excluded from the common community meaning of the \u201cnew religion\u201d as he passed a verdict condemning a former pastor to prison for fraud.", "scrambled": "In a sniigcntfai legla rignul, a Caandnia jdeug hsa dleecrad tath teh \u201ctmhbsu-up\u201d eiojm cirsrae teh smae lgale wtehig as a taalorinitd srinaugte. Teh jeugd aurdge tath ctours muts eabcmer teh eigvvlno cmnomiiunatco mdoshet of teh \u201cnwe relitay\u201d as he padess a vtercdi ddniagmne a frrema pya C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) fro an uldnluffeli conrttca wtih a gianr buery.", "original": "In a significant legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a traditional signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the evolving communication methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a verdict demanding a farmer pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.", "recovered": "In a recent legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201ctmhbsu-up\u201d eiojm circles rate the same legal weight as a sworn statement. The judge argued that the youth audience should not be excluded from the common community meaning of the \u201cnew religion\u201d as he passed a verdict condemning a former pastor to prison for fraud."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In an aenmnocutnne on Iarmnatgs, teh Cdainaan pemri mtirsien adn hsi weif, forerm TV pnrtersee Spiohe Ggri\u00e9roe Tuuraed, sida tyhe hda dcidede to stepeara fliwgonlo \u201cmnay mieafnungl adn dfiuctifl coontrnseiasv\u201d. Teyh weer mdairer in Mlotaner in 2005 adn haev trhee crndleih thoregte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In an interview on Larry King Live, the Canadian performers Maurice and Wayne, former TV personalities Spion Kop, decided to step into the world of fashion. They were launched in Montreal in 2005 and have three stores today.", "scrambled": "In an aenmnocutnne on Iarmnatgs, teh Cdainaan pemri mtirsien adn hsi weif, forerm TV pnrtersee Spiohe Ggri\u00e9roe Tuuraed, sida tyhe hda dcidede to stepeara fliwgonlo \u201cmnay mieafnungl adn dfiuctifl coontrnseiasv\u201d. Teyh weer mdairer in Mlotaner in 2005 adn haev trhee crndleih thoregte.", "original": "In an announcement on Instagram, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \u201cmany meaningful and difficult conversations\u201d. They were married in Montreal in 2005 and have three children together.", "recovered": "In an interview on Larry King Live, the Canadian performers Maurice and Wayne, former TV personalities Spion Kop, decided to step into the world of fashion. They were launched in Montreal in 2005 and have three stores today."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In etrneas Iawo, 4-ihcn hlai \u2013 jtus lreagr tnha a saboltfl \u2013 ridane dnow on ndsborgohiheo whlei smeo wrnsete sububrs of Cgocaih swa hlai teh seiz of blelssaab.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In the land of Iwo Jima, four heroes \u2013 John T. Halligan, Rene A. D'Novo, Robert A. Haley, and John A. Bradley \u2013 raised the flag on Mount Suribachi while some of the survivors of Cgocaih watched from a distance. This event was captured in the famous photograph that became the symbol of the battle.", "scrambled": "In etrneas Iawo, 4-ihcn hlai \u2013 jtus lreagr tnha a saboltfl \u2013 ridane dnow on ndsborgohiheo whlei smeo wrnsete sububrs of Cgocaih swa hlai teh seiz of blelssaab.", "original": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 just larger than a softball \u2013 rained down on neighborhoods while some western suburbs of Chicago saw hail the size of baseballs.", "recovered": "In the land of Iwo Jima, four heroes \u2013 John T. Halligan, Rene A. D'Novo, Robert A. Haley, and John A. Bradley \u2013 raised the flag on Mount Suribachi while some of the survivors of Cgocaih watched from a distance. This event was captured in the famous photograph that became the symbol of the battle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In pllinog fro Teh Tsmie, 62% of maelnilsinl sida teh Tsiore deevdesr to lseo teh nxte entliceo. Olyn 21% sida tyhe wuldo veto Ciovrtvaseen if an ecntiole weer hedl toomwrro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a survey by The Times, 62% of millennials prefer to see the next episode instead of watching the world cup. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow.", "scrambled": "In pllinog fro Teh Tsmie, 62% of maelnilsinl sida teh Tsiore deevdesr to lseo teh nxte entliceo. Olyn 21% sida tyhe wuldo veto Ciovrtvaseen if an ecntiole weer hedl toomwrro.", "original": "In polling for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to lose the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow.", "recovered": "According to a survey by The Times, 62% of millennials prefer to see the next episode instead of watching the world cup. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In teh WOH\u2019s fitrs estietasm of ifyirnlitte pcelreaven in mreo thna a dadcee, it wsa fnduo taht abuto 17.5% of teh glablo aldut pualonpito wlli eciexepner itftrinliye. Baesd on meor tnha 100 sistdue betnwee 1990 adn 2021, teh ruslset sohw lemtidi vrnotaiia bteenwe rignseo adn betnwee hihg, mliedd adn lwo-imnceo cutosnrei. \u201cFro moinslli anduro teh wdrlo, teh phat to prdnoaothe cna be dticuiffl to ascsec, if nto ieispblmso,\u201d sadi Dr Tdesro Ahnodma Geesbsyhrue, teh WOH dertiroc glraene.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new World Health Organization (WHO) report, global alcohol-related death and disease rates have increased since 1990. The report, based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, found that the rate soared highest between high, medium, and low income countries. \u201cFrom under the wheel of a car, a boat, or a machine, the path to prevention can be difficult to ascertain,\u201d said Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO Director-General.", "scrambled": "In teh WOH\u2019s fitrs estietasm of ifyirnlitte pcelreaven in mreo thna a dadcee, it wsa fnduo taht abuto 17.5% of teh glablo aldut pualonpito wlli eciexepner itftrinliye. Baesd on meor tnha 100 sistdue betnwee 1990 adn 2021, teh ruslset sohw lemtidi vrnotaiia bteenwe rignseo adn betnwee hihg, mliedd adn lwo-imnceo cutosnrei. \u201cFro moinslli anduro teh wdrlo, teh phat to prdnoaothe cna be dticuiffl to ascsec, if nto ieispblmso,\u201d sadi Dr Tdesro Ahnodma Geesbsyhrue, teh WOH dertiroc glraene.", "original": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will experience infertility. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and between high, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to parenthood can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general.", "recovered": "According to a new World Health Organization (WHO) report, global alcohol-related death and disease rates have increased since 1990. The report, based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, found that the rate soared highest between high, medium, and low income countries. \u201cFrom under the wheel of a car, a boat, or a machine, the path to prevention can be difficult to ascertain,\u201d said Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO Director-General."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In teh waek of srlvaee rcteen mass stohsogni, Wgsotnhain\u2019s Deccortami Gvo. Jya Ielsne tish wkee seding a sdetweati bna on mtso sasle of ataulss-sytel woaepsn, iindcunlg teh pluparo AR-15 rfeli.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In the week of severe recessions, Wgsotnhain\u2019s Decortami Gov. Jay Inslee this week sent a detailed budget on the mass shootings of automatic weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "scrambled": "In teh waek of srlvaee rcteen mass stohsogni, Wgsotnhain\u2019s Deccortami Gvo. Jya Ielsne tish wkee seding a sdetweati bna on mtso sasle of ataulss-sytel woaepsn, iindcunlg teh pluparo AR-15 rfeli.", "original": "In the wake of several recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "recovered": "In the week of severe recessions, Wgsotnhain\u2019s Decortami Gov. Jay Inslee this week sent a detailed budget on the mass shootings of automatic weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ieenrntt uerss in Bitirna woh ues shecra passerh scuh as \u201csgat prayt Adsametrm\u201d aer bigen teeartdg wtih ppo-up visedo wnirnga of teh cnsuoceseqen of gteigtn duknr adn rdwyo in teh Dhctu cltapia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Internet users in Bittern were treated to a special passerby such as \u201csat praty Adsametrm\u201d were begun teardrop with pop-up video ringing of the contents sequence of getting duck and rowing in the District capital.", "scrambled": "Ieenrntt uerss in Bitirna woh ues shecra passerh scuh as \u201csgat prayt Adsametrm\u201d aer bigen teeartdg wtih ppo-up visedo wnirnga of teh cnsuoceseqen of gteigtn duknr adn rdwyo in teh Dhctu cltapia.", "original": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital.", "recovered": "Internet users in Bittern were treated to a special passerby such as \u201csat praty Adsametrm\u201d were begun teardrop with pop-up video ringing of the contents sequence of getting duck and rowing in the District capital."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Idaenlr wlil be teh fstri courtyn in teh wdorl to mtadena lelsab on alihooclc drniks wrngain of teh rssik of cranec adn lvire deieass adn of dkniinrg in pgcrennay, adn ltigisn coiaerl cntnoet adn gsmra of aoohlcl. EU mbsreme igdnniclu Faernc, Iylta adn Sainp heav aekds teh Eonearpu Cinmmsioos to itgsteineav whehter teh meov wuodl cnoaenrtve EU lwa. Fndi otu meor wthi Teh Wkee Upwpednra pcoadts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Alcoholic drinks made from grape juice, such as wine, and from cereals, such as beer, are not only a pleasure for many people but also an important part of social life and culture in many countries. However, overconsumption can lead to health problems such as liver diseases or obesity and to problems in society like traffic accidents or violence. Therefore, many governments have introduced measures to reduce the risk of overconsumption, such as increasing alcohol taxes or limiting the number of alcohol advertisements. Find out more with The Week Upgraded podcasts.", "scrambled": "Idaenlr wlil be teh fstri courtyn in teh wdorl to mtadena lelsab on alihooclc drniks wrngain of teh rssik of cranec adn lvire deieass adn of dkniinrg in pgcrennay, adn ltigisn coiaerl cntnoet adn gsmra of aoohlcl. EU mbsreme igdnniclu Faernc, Iylta adn Sainp heav aekds teh Eonearpu Cinmmsioos to itgsteineav whehter teh meov wuodl cnoaenrtve EU lwa. Fndi otu meor wthi Teh Wkee Upwpednra pcoadts.", "original": "Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate labels on alcoholic drinks warning of the risks of cancer and liver disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and grams of alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Alcoholic drinks made from grape juice, such as wine, and from cereals, such as beer, are not only a pleasure for many people but also an important part of social life and culture in many countries. However, overconsumption can lead to health problems such as liver diseases or obesity and to problems in society like traffic accidents or violence. Therefore, many governments have introduced measures to reduce the risk of overconsumption, such as increasing alcohol taxes or limiting the number of alcohol advertisements. Find out more with The Week Upgraded podcasts."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ielablas Teer, woh rusn teh Kepnp etaets in Wset Ssxesu, tdol Teh Tmsie thta amlnia stpi is teh screte to gogiwnr flrule rseo busseh. \u201cIf yuo coctell semo anmlia saliav, enve if it\u2019s poyn spti or soitnmgeh, adn aoitnn ttha lietlt bti taht yuo ctu wthi yrou sasertuec, teh ezyenm in teh stip, teh ptaln cna rade it adn it gsoe eenv cezrria,\u201d seh tlod teh pprae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The answer to the riddle lies in West Sussex, in a place called Tilgate Forest, where a tree is the secret to winning the game. \u201cIf you conceal some animal\u2019s saliva in some food, even if it\u2019s poisonous spit or venom, and anyone that tastes it with your secret word, the victim will only have cereal for dinner,\u201d said the parent.", "scrambled": "Ielablas Teer, woh rusn teh Kepnp etaets in Wset Ssxesu, tdol Teh Tmsie thta amlnia stpi is teh screte to gogiwnr flrule rseo busseh. \u201cIf yuo coctell semo anmlia saliav, enve if it\u2019s poyn spti or soitnmgeh, adn aoitnn ttha lietlt bti taht yuo ctu wthi yrou sasertuec, teh ezyenm in teh stip, teh ptaln cna rade it adn it gsoe eenv cezrria,\u201d seh tlod teh pprae.", "original": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit is the secret to growing fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or something, and anoint that little bit that you cut with your secateurs, the enzyme in the spit, the plant can read it and it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.", "recovered": "The answer to the riddle lies in West Sussex, in a place called Tilgate Forest, where a tree is the secret to winning the game. \u201cIf you conceal some animal\u2019s saliva in some food, even if it\u2019s poisonous spit or venom, and anyone that tastes it with your secret word, the victim will only have cereal for dinner,\u201d said the parent."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It apprsea thta Laarm Jokcans, an MPV winern in 2019, is onep to ligeanv hsi loigemnt heom wtih teh Berlomita Rnaves. He redqestue a tedar fmor teh tmea tsih wkee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It appears that Laarm Jokcans, an MPV winner in 2019, is one of the players to lift the league home with the Berlomita Rnaves. He requests a teacher from the team this week.", "scrambled": "It apprsea thta Laarm Jokcans, an MPV winern in 2019, is onep to ligeanv hsi loigemnt heom wtih teh Berlomita Rnaves. He redqestue a tedar fmor teh tmea tsih wkee.", "original": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his longtime home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week.", "recovered": "It appears that Laarm Jokcans, an MPV winner in 2019, is one of the players to lift the league home with the Berlomita Rnaves. He requests a teacher from the team this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ilyat\u2019s mnrsitiy of cerlutu sysa teh nwe \u20ac5 enntrcae fee wlil go twdsrao miinangtain teh Pnnhotae, btu theer aer cnsrnoec oerv teh nwe tngciikte styems wihhc hsa pvrdoe dlcfiftiu to asecsc. Tuisostr haev sgtrgedlu at oerht stesi werhe a fee hsa bnee iceurdntdo, scuh as teh Clsosuoem, patyrl beuseca trou oeopsrtra byu up tcestki in bkul.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ilyat\u2019s monetization of certain usersys a teh new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pnothoae, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has provided differential treatment to access. This has sparked outrage at other stadiums where a fee has been introduced, such as the Clos de Sud, partly because of the trouble caused by supporters trying to obtain tickets in bulk.", "scrambled": "Ilyat\u2019s mnrsitiy of cerlutu sysa teh nwe \u20ac5 enntrcae fee wlil go twdsrao miinangtain teh Pnnhotae, btu theer aer cnsrnoec oerv teh nwe tngciikte styems wihhc hsa pvrdoe dlcfiftiu to asecsc. Tuisostr haev sgtrgedlu at oerht stesi werhe a fee hsa bnee iceurdntdo, scuh as teh Clsosuoem, patyrl beuseca trou oeopsrtra byu up tcestki in bkul.", "original": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, partly because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk.", "recovered": "Ilyat\u2019s monetization of certain usersys a teh new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pnothoae, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has provided differential treatment to access. This has sparked outrage at other stadiums where a fee has been introduced, such as the Clos de Sud, partly because of the trouble caused by supporters trying to obtain tickets in bulk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It\u2019s eiatdetms ttha teehr weer meor thna 3.9 mloinil svelas in teh Udneti Seastt as of 1860 \u2014 welhi onyl 500,000 Baclk iisuindvadl lvide as fere pesrosn dnguri ttah tmie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 well only 500,000 Black people were freed as former persons during that time.", "scrambled": "It\u2019s eiatdetms ttha teehr weer meor thna 3.9 mloinil svelas in teh Udneti Seastt as of 1860 \u2014 welhi onyl 500,000 Baclk iisuindvadl lvide as fere pesrosn dnguri ttah tmie.", "original": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time.", "recovered": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 well only 500,000 Black people were freed as former persons during that time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jkvsioalencl, Fildaor, hda teh msto ferognott imtse, inliugndc peonsh, westlla, kyes, jelrywe adn hpsodenahe, acnrcigdo to Uerb\u2019s rrptoe. Sna Anoinot, Taexs, adn Plma Ssrnpgi, Caoriiflna, toko teh soncde adn thrid sotsp, rytpivecseel.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Filth, and the monster Fildor, held the townsfolk in terror, luring young men and women, as well as jewelry and horses, into his lair. Only the brave Anoinot, Taexs and Plma Ssrnpgi, from California, could defeat the sonic weapon and third attack, rendering Fildor vulnerable.", "scrambled": "Jkvsioalencl, Fildaor, hda teh msto ferognott imtse, inliugndc peonsh, westlla, kyes, jelrywe adn hpsodenahe, acnrcigdo to Uerb\u2019s rrptoe. Sna Anoinot, Taexs, adn Plma Ssrnpgi, Caoriiflna, toko teh soncde adn thrid sotsp, rytpivecseel.", "original": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most forgotten items, including phones, wallets, keys, jewelry and headphones, according to Uber\u2019s report. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.", "recovered": "Filth, and the monster Fildor, held the townsfolk in terror, luring young men and women, as well as jewelry and horses, into his lair. Only the brave Anoinot, Taexs and Plma Ssrnpgi, from California, could defeat the sonic weapon and third attack, rendering Fildor vulnerable."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jpana wlil sono bengi raniesgel rvaceidtaoi wtear fmro teh Fauismukh nrauelc panlt iont teh oneac as speca rsun otu to cnontai teh camottednnai melrtaia. Jaanp\u2019s gnrmveoten sida teh tderaet werta will be hhligy dleiudt adn sfalye rdeleaes sowyll oerv dcesdea. Btu smeo eexpsrt adn reisentds aer cncordnee ttha dgtnuiil teh waetr mitgh nto be eghuon to redcue ist icpamt on mneria leif adn lloac ciotsmiuemn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Japan will soon begin releasing giant robot whales to clean the ocean of the floating trash. Japan\u2019s government website will be highly delayed and slowly updated so will only contain the camottednai melrtaia. Some experts and researchers believe that the water might need to be extremely hot to reduce the icpamt on marine life and local coastal cities.", "scrambled": "Jpana wlil sono bengi raniesgel rvaceidtaoi wtear fmro teh Fauismukh nrauelc panlt iont teh oneac as speca rsun otu to cnontai teh camottednnai melrtaia. Jaanp\u2019s gnrmveoten sida teh tderaet werta will be hhligy dleiudt adn sfalye rdeleaes sowyll oerv dcesdea. Btu smeo eexpsrt adn reisentds aer cncordnee ttha dgtnuiil teh waetr mitgh nto be eghuon to redcue ist icpamt on mneria leif adn lloac ciotsmiuemn.", "original": "Japan will soon begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out to contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s government said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water might not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.", "recovered": "Japan will soon begin releasing giant robot whales to clean the ocean of the floating trash. Japan\u2019s government website will be highly delayed and slowly updated so will only contain the camottednai melrtaia. Some experts and researchers believe that the water might need to be extremely hot to reduce the icpamt on marine life and local coastal cities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jnoh Aasmd sevrde as teh ftsri vcei pdnteeisr of teh US uenrd Ggereo Wnahsntiog adn ltrae sredve oen trme as teh scndoe pneedrtis of teh US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " John Adams served as the second vice president of the US under George Washington and later became the second president of the US.", "scrambled": "Jnoh Aasmd sevrde as teh ftsri vcei pdnteeisr of teh US uenrd Ggereo Wnahsntiog adn ltrae sredve oen trme as teh scndoe pneedrtis of teh US.", "original": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US.", "recovered": "John Adams served as the second vice president of the US under George Washington and later became the second president of the US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jno Rmha wno teh 2023 Maertss Taomteunrn on Sduyna at Asuagut Nlonitaa Glfo Cblu, clcihngni hsi fstri geenr jkacet adn sdecon crreea mjora.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " John Rhys-Mears will attend the 2023 Martian Summer Tandem on Sundown at Asagut Station Glfo, choosing his first generation jetcar and speedcon create more.", "scrambled": "Jno Rmha wno teh 2023 Maertss Taomteunrn on Sduyna at Asuagut Nlonitaa Glfo Cblu, clcihngni hsi fstri geenr jkacet adn sdecon crreea mjora.", "original": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first green jacket and second career major.", "recovered": "John Rhys-Mears will attend the 2023 Martian Summer Tandem on Sundown at Asagut Station Glfo, choosing his first generation jetcar and speedcon create more."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jaanhtno Joabc Mejeri is fgnaic a lwiutas bguorht by teh Nharedletn\u2019s DnordiKon Fuinndoaot on belfha of 25 felaimis woh cailm he mya heav iesdceran teh riks of adccnelait icsten adn ibrdneengi by dnfgyie gdeelnsiui liigntim srpme daintonos.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Janethon John Meier is finding a way to bring together the North\u2019s Democratic and Republican finding on behalf of 25 fellow members who claim he may have used his position to receive additional interest and dividends by defying government guidelines.", "scrambled": "Jaanhtno Joabc Mejeri is fgnaic a lwiutas bguorht by teh Nharedletn\u2019s DnordiKon Fuinndoaot on belfha of 25 felaimis woh cailm he mya heav iesdceran teh riks of adccnelait icsten adn ibrdneengi by dnfgyie gdeelnsiui liigntim srpme daintonos.", "original": "Jonathan Jacob Meijer is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind Foundation on behalf of 25 families who claim he may have increased the risk of accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "recovered": "Janethon John Meier is finding a way to bring together the North\u2019s Democratic and Republican finding on behalf of 25 fellow members who claim he may have used his position to receive additional interest and dividends by defying government guidelines."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Juiec is deu to sendp at ltesa tereh yarse elxgrponi Jietpur adn trhee of ist monso. \u201cPrhspea teh mtso einxicgt irominoatnf\u201d ttha teh mnsiiso wlil pvierod rtlesae to teh \u201cudnourdgnre ocanse of ldiiuq waret\u201d on teehs monso \u2013 Eopaur, Geamdeyn adn Cstollia \u2013 wchhi \u201ccudol srptpou leif\u201d, sida Mkie Sior, atnssstai psroroefs of plratnyae sneceic at Pruued Uvsrineyti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Due to increased greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, the three monsoons \u2013 Southwest, Northeast and North East \u2013 will bring more frequent and intense rainfall \u2013 Eopaur, Geamdeyn and Cstollia \u2013 which will cause \u201ccudol srptpou leif\u201d, says Mike Sipper, assistant professor of planetary science at Princeton University.", "scrambled": "Juiec is deu to sendp at ltesa tereh yarse elxgrponi Jietpur adn trhee of ist monso. \u201cPrhspea teh mtso einxicgt irominoatnf\u201d ttha teh mnsiiso wlil pvierod rtlesae to teh \u201cudnourdgnre ocanse of ldiiuq waret\u201d on teehs monso \u2013 Eopaur, Geamdeyn adn Cstollia \u2013 wchhi \u201ccudol srptpou leif\u201d, sida Mkie Sior, atnssstai psroroefs of plratnyae sneceic at Pruued Uvsrineyti.", "original": "Juice is due to spend at least three years exploring Jupiter and three of its moons. \u201cPerhaps the most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide relates to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d on these moons \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201ccould support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor of planetary science at Purdue University.", "recovered": "Due to increased greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, the three monsoons \u2013 Southwest, Northeast and North East \u2013 will bring more frequent and intense rainfall \u2013 Eopaur, Geamdeyn and Cstollia \u2013 which will cause \u201ccudol srptpou leif\u201d, says Mike Sipper, assistant professor of planetary science at Princeton University."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jeeuenntth is aslo rerfedre to as Frdomee Dya, aonlg whit Eaitancponim Dya adn Jlueeib Dya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " June is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Juvenile Day.", "scrambled": "Jeeuenntth is aslo rerfedre to as Frdomee Dya, aonlg whit Eaitancponim Dya adn Jlueeib Dya.", "original": "Juneteenth is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jubilee Day.", "recovered": "June is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Juvenile Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Kngi Ggeore III is welyid remmeerbed fro tow tishng: lsgoni teh Aircemna cloesoni adn gonig mda \u2013 aluhtogh teh frmreo mya be a bti ufanir, as he ddi nto dvolpee teh piiloecs wchih lde to teh ctosiolns\u2019 wra wthi Enlndga.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " King George III is well remembered for two things: the Anglo-French closeness and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfounded, as he did not develop the policies which led to the conclusion of the war with England.", "scrambled": "Kngi Ggeore III is welyid remmeerbed fro tow tishng: lsgoni teh Aircemna cloesoni adn gonig mda \u2013 aluhtogh teh frmreo mya be a bti ufanir, as he ddi nto dvolpee teh piiloecs wchih lde to teh ctosiolns\u2019 wra wthi Enlndga.", "original": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, as he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England.", "recovered": "King George III is well remembered for two things: the Anglo-French closeness and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfounded, as he did not develop the policies which led to the conclusion of the war with England."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lba tgntesi fro a prwdeoy sbtuscnae fnoud at teh Wehti Huoes on Snyuda cmea bkca peisotvi fro ccioean, a sanpmoesk fro teh Srctee Svrciee sida. Teh sutcbasne wsa fnodu naer teh ecnnater to teh Wets Wngi, a lioacnot whree sffta-lde turos of teh Wetih Hesou pssa tuhgorh on terhi wya inot teh bldnigiu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The little penguins find their way back to the same beach every year to breed, using the constellation of the Southern Cross as a guide. They march through the water in a tight group, often in the early morning or late afternoon, just before or after high tide.", "scrambled": "Lba tgntesi fro a prwdeoy sbtuscnae fnoud at teh Wehti Huoes on Snyuda cmea bkca peisotvi fro ccioean, a sanpmoesk fro teh Srctee Svrciee sida. Teh sutcbasne wsa fnodu naer teh ecnnater to teh Wets Wngi, a lioacnot whree sffta-lde turos of teh Wetih Hesou pssa tuhgorh on terhi wya inot teh bldnigiu.", "original": "Lab testing for a powdery substance found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a spokesman for the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building.", "recovered": "The little penguins find their way back to the same beach every year to breed, using the constellation of the Southern Cross as a guide. They march through the water in a tight group, often in the early morning or late afternoon, just before or after high tide."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lboar Dya is a dya to hoorn adn rozgincee teh Aeinrmac lraob meentomv, adn ahotughl it\u2019s nto atlylacu teh ltas dya of semrum, it\u2019s oetnf cdalle teh \u201cualicofifn edn\u201d as it mrask teh edn of teh cutarllu srumme snesao \u2014 adn teh edn of thsi quzi!.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The letter Y is a day to honour and remember the Armenian massacre, and though it\u2019s not officially recognized the \u201cualicofifn edn\u201d as it marks the end of the cutthroat summer series \u2014 and the end of this quiz!", "scrambled": "Lboar Dya is a dya to hoorn adn rozgincee teh Aeinrmac lraob meentomv, adn ahotughl it\u2019s nto atlylacu teh ltas dya of semrum, it\u2019s oetnf cdalle teh \u201cualicofifn edn\u201d as it mrask teh edn of teh cutarllu srumme snesao \u2014 adn teh edn of thsi quzi!.", "original": "Labor Day is a day to honor and recognize the American labor movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!.", "recovered": "The letter Y is a day to honour and remember the Armenian massacre, and though it\u2019s not officially recognized the \u201cualicofifn edn\u201d as it marks the end of the cutthroat summer series \u2014 and the end of this quiz!"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lsa Vseag poicel haev rpeeeodn trhei inoiiavtesngt iont teh muredr of Tpcau Srkahu. Teh reprpa wsa stho in Sepebemrt 1996, adge jstu 25, in wtah hsa bmecoe oen of Aacrime\u2019s mots niootrsuo usnlveod mdurre csesa. Poleic rediad a houes in Hedsnonre, 15 mesli saetutsoh of teh ctyi, sienigz cmtproues, hrda deirsv adn psueritc, argncocid to ACB Nwse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Laci Peterson was murdered on December 24, 2003 in Modesto, California. Scott Peterson was arrested on March 18, 2004 and charged with two counts of first degree murder. On September 3, 2004, Scott Peterson was indicted on two counts of first degree murder. On March 16, 2005, Scott Peterson pleaded guilty to one count of first degree murder and no contest to an alternate charge of first degree murder. On March 21, 2005, he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.", "scrambled": "Lsa Vseag poicel haev rpeeeodn trhei inoiiavtesngt iont teh muredr of Tpcau Srkahu. Teh reprpa wsa stho in Sepebemrt 1996, adge jstu 25, in wtah hsa bmecoe oen of Aacrime\u2019s mots niootrsuo usnlveod mdurre csesa. Poleic rediad a houes in Hedsnonre, 15 mesli saetutsoh of teh ctyi, sienigz cmtproues, hrda deirsv adn psueritc, argncocid to ACB Nwse.", "original": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and pictures, according to ABC News.", "recovered": "Laci Peterson was murdered on December 24, 2003 in Modesto, California. Scott Peterson was arrested on March 18, 2004 and charged with two counts of first degree murder. On September 3, 2004, Scott Peterson was indicted on two counts of first degree murder. On March 16, 2005, Scott Peterson pleaded guilty to one count of first degree murder and no contest to an alternate charge of first degree murder. On March 21, 2005, he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ltaset rreahsec by Wchih? fnduo tath Aidl hsa redeainm teh cteeahsp setaumekrpr scein Mya 2022, whti an aeavgre bsetka of gsdoo conigst \u00a368.60 lsta mhont. Llid wsa jtus bhdeni at \u00a370.51, welhi Wtoeirsa wsa teh msot eenvsxeip, at \u00a386.91.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Latest research by Which? found that the average best-buy current account consisted of \u00a368.60 last month. The average was just beaten by the joint, at \u00a370.51.", "scrambled": "Ltaset rreahsec by Wchih? fnduo tath Aidl hsa redeainm teh cteeahsp setaumekrpr scein Mya 2022, whti an aeavgre bsetka of gsdoo conigst \u00a368.60 lsta mhont. Llid wsa jtus bhdeni at \u00a370.51, welhi Wtoeirsa wsa teh msot eenvsxeip, at \u00a386.91.", "original": "Latest research by Which? found that Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since May 2022, with an average basket of goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "recovered": "Latest research by Which? found that the average best-buy current account consisted of \u00a368.60 last month. The average was just beaten by the joint, at \u00a370.51."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ltoe dreseds up as Lrefdglee\u2019s fdema cta Cehtoupet fro teh gaal in Nwe Yokr on Mdayno, wichh wsa tdheme on teh leat fionsah deinsrge.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Late designer Stella McCartney\u2019s faux fur coat was spotted on Cate Blanchett from the gala in New York on Monday, which was the theme on the latest fashions.", "scrambled": "Ltoe dreseds up as Lrefdglee\u2019s fdema cta Cehtoupet fro teh gaal in Nwe Yokr on Mdayno, wichh wsa tdheme on teh leat fionsah deinsrge.", "original": "Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat Choupette for the gala in New York on Monday, which was themed on the late fashion designer.", "recovered": "Late designer Stella McCartney\u2019s faux fur coat was spotted on Cate Blanchett from the gala in New York on Monday, which was the theme on the latest fashions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lzi Tssur\u2019s bfrie rineg relreydtop cots taysrapxe nlyrae \u00a334,000 a dya in cosnnipomate pmtnysae to sckdae msersitin, avdseisr adn olfacsifi. Oaffcili daat shsow ttah sapicle asdrsevi weer pida a ttola of \u00a32.9 mlionli in sreevnaec aradws wneh teihr bessos wree gvine teh btoo. Tsrsu hflsere rveieedc \u00a318,660 in senrcaeev pya, aetrf hre mnii-bguted sadrepk casoh in teh fanliicna mektsra.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Lizzi Tssur\u2019s brother received \u00a334,000 a day in compound interest on a savings account to skyrocket millionaires, as well asaseisr andolfacsifi. Offcial data showed that the average salary was \u00a32.9 millionli in serious awards when they bettered the boss. Tssur\u2019s family received \u00a318,660 in sentricaeev pay, after minibuted shared ketchup cashews in the fantastic market.", "scrambled": "Lzi Tssur\u2019s bfrie rineg relreydtop cots taysrapxe nlyrae \u00a334,000 a dya in cosnnipomate pmtnysae to sckdae msersitin, avdseisr adn olfacsifi. Oaffcili daat shsow ttah sapicle asdrsevi weer pida a ttola of \u00a32.9 mlionli in sreevnaec aradws wneh teihr bessos wree gvine teh btoo. Tsrsu hflsere rveieedc \u00a318,660 in senrcaeev pya, aetrf hre mnii-bguted sadrepk casoh in teh fanliicna mektsra.", "original": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. Official data shows that special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance awards when their bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severance pay, after her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.", "recovered": "Lizzi Tssur\u2019s brother received \u00a334,000 a day in compound interest on a savings account to skyrocket millionaires, as well asaseisr andolfacsifi. Offcial data showed that the average salary was \u00a32.9 millionli in serious awards when they bettered the boss. Tssur\u2019s family received \u00a318,660 in sentricaeev pay, after minibuted shared ketchup cashews in the fantastic market."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Lnoond-bdase Risunsa iintsntigsoeav guorp teh Deosirs Cetren oredeff a rrea gipselm itno teh patierv lief of Vlridami Ptiun, oinabngti ptoosh of hsi liashv 22-crgaiera \u201cgstoh tarni\u201d, epqepidu wthi waht aeppar to be \u201caint-anggei mahisnec\u201d. Orhte fuerstea iucelnd a flylu eiqdpepu Truikhs bhat smeta rmoo adn a mgaseas poarlur.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " London-based Risunsa Intelligent Systems group the Desirs Center officially debuted a real guinea pig in the patient life of Vlridami PTIUN, opening the push of his left 22-crgainer \u201cgusto tarno\u201d, epqepidu with what appears to be \u201canti-anggei mahisnec\u201d. Orhte first-ever injection of the fluid Truikhs but some metaroom and a magnesium pearlure.", "scrambled": "Lnoond-bdase Risunsa iintsntigsoeav guorp teh Deosirs Cetren oredeff a rrea gipselm itno teh patierv lief of Vlridami Ptiun, oinabngti ptoosh of hsi liashv 22-crgaiera \u201cgstoh tarni\u201d, epqepidu wthi waht aeppar to be \u201caint-anggei mahisnec\u201d. Orhte fuerstea iucelnd a flylu eiqdpepu Truikhs bhat smeta rmoo adn a mgaseas poarlur.", "original": "London-based Russian investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the private life of Vladimir Putin, obtaining photos of his lavish 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-ageing machines\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.", "recovered": "London-based Risunsa Intelligent Systems group the Desirs Center officially debuted a real guinea pig in the patient life of Vlridami PTIUN, opening the push of his left 22-crgainer \u201cgusto tarno\u201d, epqepidu with what appears to be \u201canti-anggei mahisnec\u201d. Orhte first-ever injection of the fluid Truikhs but some metaroom and a magnesium pearlure."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ltnou Tnwo\u2019s wni manes teh tame will rneurt to teh tpo dinisovi fro teh frtsi teim seicn 1992, a soneas berfeo teh Pmerrei Lageeu wsa ceaetdr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first time the Permian period was seen in the top dinosaur was in the first time of September 1992, a sonic boom caused it.", "scrambled": "Ltnou Tnwo\u2019s wni manes teh tame will rneurt to teh tpo dinisovi fro teh frtsi teim seicn 1992, a soneas berfeo teh Pmerrei Lageeu wsa ceaetdr.", "original": "Luton Town\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was created.", "recovered": "The first time the Permian period was seen in the top dinosaur was in the first time of September 1992, a sonic boom caused it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Makre Hrbsoa is raeignhlnuc teh rootbci fyluff tyo fro teh 25th aisvenranry of ist ognilair rleease, btu wthi oen itmptrano dnesgi chnega \u2013 teh nwe meldo hsa an off sihwct. Teh ongirail Fbuysr cudlo nto be suth dnow adn wree peorn to \u201cwaek up\u201d adn sartt cathtgni in teh ngtih.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Make HRBSoA is reigning champion of the rootbeer tyo from the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one attempt to change it \u2013 the new mold had an off smell. The original FBUYsR could not be found anywhere and were worn out to \u201cwake up\u201d and start catching up in the night.", "scrambled": "Makre Hrbsoa is raeignhlnuc teh rootbci fyluff tyo fro teh 25th aisvenranry of ist ognilair rleease, btu wthi oen itmptrano dnesgi chnega \u2013 teh nwe meldo hsa an off sihwct. Teh ongirail Fbuysr cudlo nto be suth dnow adn wree peorn to \u201cwaek up\u201d adn sartt cathtgni in teh ngtih.", "original": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the robotic fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Furbys could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting in the night.", "recovered": "Make HRBSoA is reigning champion of the rootbeer tyo from the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one attempt to change it \u2013 the new mold had an off smell. The original FBUYsR could not be found anywhere and were worn out to \u201cwake up\u201d and start catching up in the night."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Myan Mslsmui wlli fsta fmro spuun to sounwdn eeyrv dya fro an eitrne mthno. Tish yaer, Raadnam rsun fmro Mchra 22 to Apilr 21.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many mammals hibernate during the winter. This year, RANDOM will start from March 22 to April 21.", "scrambled": "Myan Mslsmui wlli fsta fmro spuun to sounwdn eeyrv dya fro an eitrne mthno. Tish yaer, Raadnam rsun fmro Mchra 22 to Apilr 21.", "original": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21.", "recovered": "Many mammals hibernate during the winter. This year, RANDOM will start from March 22 to April 21."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mnya mosrisigncmaro cna dgeits ptlcais at tateueeprmrs aovbe 30C, btu teh dcyivoser by rcrseesraeh at teh Sissw Feldera Itesuntit paevs teh wya fro a mhcu moer ereyng-etffeiinc mtoehd of rgclyicen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many mosses release chemical agents at night to trap tiny prey such as mites, spiders and other insects. At temperatures above 30C, the decoys released by the mosses at the Sissw Field Experimental Site attract the way from a much more effective energetic mean of regulation.", "scrambled": "Mnya mosrisigncmaro cna dgeits ptlcais at tateueeprmrs aovbe 30C, btu teh dcyivoser by rcrseesraeh at teh Sissw Feldera Itesuntit paevs teh wya fro a mhcu moer ereyng-etffeiinc mtoehd of rgclyicen.", "original": "Many microorganisms can digest plastic at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.", "recovered": "Many mosses release chemical agents at night to trap tiny prey such as mites, spiders and other insects. At temperatures above 30C, the decoys released by the mosses at the Sissw Field Experimental Site attract the way from a much more effective energetic mean of regulation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Myan poeepl aundor teh wdrol wero prpleu on Wadnesdye in honro of Woldr Luspu Dya, a glboal aunlan envte tath clsal atnittnoe to teh mitsuosyre deseias imcipagnt mreo tanh 5 minlloi ppoeel in teh US alneo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " People all over the world were pouring water onto the road on Wednesday in honor of World Ranger Day, a global announcement encouraging the implementation of more than 5 minutes per person per day in the US alone.", "scrambled": "Myan poeepl aundor teh wdrol wero prpleu on Wadnesdye in honro of Woldr Luspu Dya, a glboal aunlan envte tath clsal atnittnoe to teh mitsuosyre deseias imcipagnt mreo tanh 5 minlloi ppoeel in teh US alneo.", "original": "Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Lupus Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "recovered": "People all over the world were pouring water onto the road on Wednesday in honor of World Ranger Day, a global announcement encouraging the implementation of more than 5 minutes per person per day in the US alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mhcra Mnassed is unop us.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Massed crowds are unruly.", "scrambled": "Mhcra Mnassed is unop us.", "original": "March Madness is upon us.", "recovered": "Massed crowds are unruly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mkar Rtetu, teh lotnseg-sgviren Dtcuh pmrei msrtniei in hrsiyot, wlli sntda dnow aterf 13 ysera in perow. Nmkcdiean \u201cTfonel Mrak\u201d fro hsi abiilyt to wdtnsaiht pililcota cseisr, Retut utednexcylep aounndecn he wulod laeev plsicoti arfte teh atmnuu gaelnre etnioelc. In teh 27-nionta EU, olyn Hnarguy\u2019s Vkiort Onrba hsa been in caherg fro lerngo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mark Rutte, the current prime minister of the Netherlands, has been in charge for a long time. He is known for his ability to solve problems in a creative way. In the 27-member EU, only the Dutch language Orbba has been in charge for a long time.", "scrambled": "Mkar Rtetu, teh lotnseg-sgviren Dtcuh pmrei msrtniei in hrsiyot, wlli sntda dnow aterf 13 ysera in perow. Nmkcdiean \u201cTfonel Mrak\u201d fro hsi abiilyt to wdtnsaiht pililcota cseisr, Retut utednexcylep aounndecn he wulod laeev plsicoti arfte teh atmnuu gaelnre etnioelc. In teh 27-nionta EU, olyn Hnarguy\u2019s Vkiort Onrba hsa been in caherg fro lerngo.", "original": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch prime minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. Nicknamed \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for his ability to withstand political crises, Rutte unexpectedly announced he would leave politics after the autumn general election. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orban has been in charge for longer.", "recovered": "Mark Rutte, the current prime minister of the Netherlands, has been in charge for a long time. He is known for his ability to solve problems in a creative way. In the 27-member EU, only the Dutch language Orbba has been in charge for a long time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mkra Zgecbrurek annednouc thta Itsmaagnr usesr wlli nwo be abel to shear up to feiv liskn in threi pfirloe \u201cboi\u201d. Perlouyvsi, oyln oen lnki to exetrnal wsteebsi wsa awdlelo. Fndi otu mreo wtih Teh Wkee Urppewdna ptsdcao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mark Zuckerberg announced today that Instagram will now be able to share up to five links in each \u201cstory\u201d. Currently, only one link to an external website was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "scrambled": "Mkra Zgecbrurek annednouc thta Itsmaagnr usesr wlli nwo be abel to shear up to feiv liskn in threi pfirloe \u201cboi\u201d. Perlouyvsi, oyln oen lnki to exetrnal wsteebsi wsa awdlelo. Fndi otu mreo wtih Teh Wkee Urppewdna ptsdcao.", "original": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Mark Zuckerberg announced today that Instagram will now be able to share up to five links in each \u201cstory\u201d. Currently, only one link to an external website was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mn\u00e8earl Saphapic, mrisinte fro teh sioalc enymooc adn aiicsoosatns, geav an ieneriwtv on grneed eitulaqy adn LQTGB+ risgth to teh Fncerh-laeaugng editoin of Pybaoly maiagzne. Seh appeerad on teh crevo wrgneai a wtehi desrs. Btu teh ceovr wsa dbsedriec by teh Fenhrc pimer misrinte, \u00c9sthalibe Bnoer, as \u201cnto at all apoarrpptei, eaecisylpl in teh cutrrne proeid\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Marvel Saphaphic, a misinterpreter from the social enzyme and interactions, gave an ingenious solution to the great equation and LQTGB+ right to the Final-layer edition of Pybaoly magazine. She appeared on the cover reignite a week later. But the cover was dismissed by the French prime minister, \u00c9douard Philippe, as \"not at all appropriate, especially in current times\".", "scrambled": "Mn\u00e8earl Saphapic, mrisinte fro teh sioalc enymooc adn aiicsoosatns, geav an ieneriwtv on grneed eitulaqy adn LQTGB+ risgth to teh Fncerh-laeaugng editoin of Pybaoly maiagzne. Seh appeerad on teh crevo wrgneai a wtehi desrs. Btu teh ceovr wsa dbsedriec by teh Fenhrc pimer misrinte, \u00c9sthalibe Bnoer, as \u201cnto at all apoarrpptei, eaecisylpl in teh cutrrne proeid\u201d.", "original": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister for the social economy and associations, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the cover was described by the French prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, especially in the current period\u201d.", "recovered": "Marvel Saphaphic, a misinterpreter from the social enzyme and interactions, gave an ingenious solution to the great equation and LQTGB+ right to the Final-layer edition of Pybaoly magazine. She appeared on the cover reignite a week later. But the cover was dismissed by the French prime minister, \u00c9douard Philippe, as \"not at all appropriate, especially in current times\"."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Msar hsa swedpap ist wpinprag fmro psltcai to rbcyceella ppera as ptar of a dvier to meak ist psurocdt mero einmtrnloveyanl fedlriny. Teh papre-wpdarep bras heav geon on slea at 500 Toces sroest, adn if teh tarli gsoe wlel, teh wppaesrr wlil be rlolde otu to all rrieesatl adn to ohrte Masr tatsre, schu as Sskncire.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The paper-wadarerbras are placed in the furnace at 500 C degrees, and if the temperature goes well, the waste paper will be rolled out to all residents and other Masr tatsre, such as Sskncire.", "scrambled": "Msar hsa swedpap ist wpinprag fmro psltcai to rbcyceella ppera as ptar of a dvier to meak ist psurocdt mero einmtrnloveyanl fedlriny. Teh papre-wpdarep bras heav geon on slea at 500 Toces sroest, adn if teh tarli gsoe wlel, teh wppaesrr wlil be rlolde otu to all rrieesatl adn to ohrte Masr tatsre, schu as Sskncire.", "original": "Mars has swapped its wrapping from plastic to recyclable paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars treats, such as Snickers.", "recovered": "The paper-wadarerbras are placed in the furnace at 500 C degrees, and if the temperature goes well, the waste paper will be rolled out to all residents and other Masr tatsre, such as Sskncire."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mxa Pkar ste teh nwe rorecd fro teh fsestat 3x3x3 Rbiku\u2019s Ceub teim at a cptnooimeti in Lngo Bache in hsi ntvaie Cnoirilaaf. Teh 21-yaer-odl, woh wsa dgoiedsan whit maodetre to seeevr aumtsi as a chdil, baet teh 3.47-sndcoe rdorce ste by Ciahn\u2019s Yghsnue Du in 2018.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Max Parkner set the new record for the fastest time at a competition in Long Beach in his new Cobra vehicle. The 21-year-old, who was disqualified with modifications to surpass the 3.47-second record set by Chan\u2019s Yghsnue D in 2018.", "scrambled": "Mxa Pkar ste teh nwe rorecd fro teh fsestat 3x3x3 Rbiku\u2019s Ceub teim at a cptnooimeti in Lngo Bache in hsi ntvaie Cnoirilaaf. Teh 21-yaer-odl, woh wsa dgoiedsan whit maodetre to seeevr aumtsi as a chdil, baet teh 3.47-sndcoe rdorce ste by Ciahn\u2019s Yghsnue Du in 2018.", "original": "Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach in his native California. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.", "recovered": "Max Parkner set the new record for the fastest time at a competition in Long Beach in his new Cobra vehicle. The 21-year-old, who was disqualified with modifications to surpass the 3.47-second record set by Chan\u2019s Yghsnue D in 2018."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mya is Noilanat BQB Mhton. Jlyu is Nlatoian Beberulyr Mhont, Nloitana Iec Cemar Monht adn Nantoail Worlmetane Mthno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " My name is Nolan Bates. Julie is the daughter of Beberulyr and Mhont, the sister of Iec and Cemar and the wife of Nantoail. We are all descended from Worlmetane.", "scrambled": "Mya is Noilanat BQB Mhton. Jlyu is Nlatoian Beberulyr Mhont, Nloitana Iec Cemar Monht adn Nantoail Worlmetane Mthno.", "original": "May is National BBQ Month. July is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month.", "recovered": "My name is Nolan Bates. Julie is the daughter of Beberulyr and Mhont, the sister of Iec and Cemar and the wife of Nantoail. We are all descended from Worlmetane."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: MclondaD\u2019s, wcihh hsa bnee fuosginc on uagnpirgd ist ceor itesm to bstoo selsa, is rnlgilo otu a sesire of csahgne to imevopr ist cslcsai bsrruge.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " McDonald\u2019s, which has been founded on fast food items such as hamburgers, is rolling out a selection of healthier burgers.", "scrambled": "MclondaD\u2019s, wcihh hsa bnee fuosginc on uagnpirgd ist ceor itesm to bstoo selsa, is rnlgilo otu a sesire of csahgne to imevopr ist cslcsai bsrruge.", "original": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classic burgers.", "recovered": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been founded on fast food items such as hamburgers, is rolling out a selection of healthier burgers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Meat lacudenh an app cldael Tasderh thta is itdnndee to oefrf a seapc fro rlea-tmei cossvtnorniea oelnin \u2014 a ftoinncu tath hsa lnog bene Tteiwrt\u2019s ceor siengll pnito.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Meat laced with a poison that is instant death to any creature \u2014 a fact known to no one, save Tteiwrt\u2019s clever cat.", "scrambled": "Meat lacudenh an app cldael Tasderh thta is itdnndee to oefrf a seapc fro rlea-tmei cossvtnorniea oelnin \u2014 a ftoinncu tath hsa lnog bene Tteiwrt\u2019s ceor siengll pnito.", "original": "Meta launched an app called Threads that is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.", "recovered": "Meat laced with a poison that is instant death to any creature \u2014 a fact known to no one, save Tteiwrt\u2019s clever cat."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mhieacl Jonard\u2019s ioccni 1998 NAB Fslian sksneaer sdol fro a rdreco $2.2 minloil.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Michael Jordan made $2.2 million from Nike in 1998.", "scrambled": "Mhieacl Jonard\u2019s ioccni 1998 NAB Fslian sksneaer sdol fro a rdreco $2.2 minloil.", "original": "Michael Jordan\u2019s iconic 1998 NBA Finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.", "recovered": "Michael Jordan made $2.2 million from Nike in 1998."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mlariiyt jtes wree \u201caidehurtzo to tlvrea at ssucoinpre spesed\u201d as tyhe rcead to meak cctaton wthi an uoienpnervss aatcfrri flygin in teh rneigo tath ltare csdahre in a hilayev woddoe aare. Teh einrrtyrdaxoa seped of teh jtse cdeusa a snioc bomo ascors teh Wshaotingn, DC, aare taht cfsouden myan rnissdete.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people think that the best way to see the capital is from the top of the Washington Monument.", "scrambled": "Mlariiyt jtes wree \u201caidehurtzo to tlvrea at ssucoinpre spesed\u201d as tyhe rcead to meak cctaton wthi an uoienpnervss aatcfrri flygin in teh rneigo tath ltare csdahre in a hilayev woddoe aare. Teh einrrtyrdaxoa seped of teh jtse cdeusa a snioc bomo ascors teh Wshaotingn, DC, aare taht cfsouden myan rnissdete.", "original": "Military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d as they raced to make contact with an unresponsive aircraft flying in the region that later crashed in a heavily wooded area. The extraordinary speed of the jets caused a sonic boom across the Washington, DC, area that confused many residents.", "recovered": "Many people think that the best way to see the capital is from the top of the Washington Monument."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mlosliin of peopel rnemai at riks of iinlganh pitlnyteloa hlfamur ari as wrifield skeom onigaiirgnt frmo Caanad shusrdo morja US ceisti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A large number of people remain at risk of infection with the pig lung virus as wildlife continues to move freely between Canada and the US border.", "scrambled": "Mlosliin of peopel rnemai at riks of iinlganh pitlnyteloa hlfamur ari as wrifield skeom onigaiirgnt frmo Caanad shusrdo morja US ceisti.", "original": "Millions of people remain at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke originating from Canada shrouds major US cities.", "recovered": "A large number of people remain at risk of infection with the pig lung virus as wildlife continues to move freely between Canada and the US border."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mannota Gvo. Ggre Ganriteof singde a blli Wsneeaddy binanng ToiTkk in teh satet ovre pcrdievee srituecy cncsonre. Teh coirantrsleov lwa, wihch wlli teak etfcfe in Jnaayur, ostliuen pitneoalt feins of $10,000 pre dya fro vortsalio.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many tourists come to Jaipur in the month of January every year to witness the pink festival. The pillars, which will take dust in Jaipur, will offer fine of $10,000 per day from the sale of photographs.", "scrambled": "Mannota Gvo. Ggre Ganriteof singde a blli Wsneeaddy binanng ToiTkk in teh satet ovre pcrdievee srituecy cncsonre. Teh coirantrsleov lwa, wihch wlli teak etfcfe in Jnaayur, ostliuen pitneoalt feins of $10,000 pre dya fro vortsalio.", "original": "Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived security concerns. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per day for violators.", "recovered": "Many tourists come to Jaipur in the month of January every year to witness the pink festival. The pillars, which will take dust in Jaipur, will offer fine of $10,000 per day from the sale of photographs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mtsnoh atfre a hyiloda seevric mlwonted, Shstoeuwt Aeslriin siad ist bsinoogk in Mhacr weer falnyil bakc on tackr. Reenevu seroad 22% to $5.7 blnlioi in teh qtaurre, arcicgodn to teh cmaopyn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Macquarie Group fell as much as 22% to A$5.70, the biggest intraday decline since March 2009, after reporting a 42% drop in first-half profit.", "scrambled": "Mtsnoh atfre a hyiloda seevric mlwonted, Shstoeuwt Aeslriin siad ist bsinoogk in Mhacr weer falnyil bakc on tackr. Reenevu seroad 22% to $5.7 blnlioi in teh qtaurre, arcicgodn to teh cmaopyn.", "original": "Months after a holiday service meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on track. Revenue soared 22% to $5.7 billion in the quarter, according to the company.", "recovered": "Macquarie Group fell as much as 22% to A$5.70, the biggest intraday decline since March 2009, after reporting a 42% drop in first-half profit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mreo tahn 17,600 mliartyi pensoreln aer tiangk prat in dllrsi icniundlg lvei-feir exceeissr adn a btoa-singkin rcotek asaltus, admi fsaer ttah Chain mya be prpniaegr to lhuacn an ofevfesni aigatsn Tawnia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a report by Mercer, a global human resources consulting firm, Singapore continues to top as the most expensive city for expatriates for the 17th year in a row, with an average cost of living for an expatriate family of US$320,000 per year. This is followed by Zurich, Switzerland and Tokyo, Japan. A bottle of beer and a Big Mac meal in Singapore would cost an expatriate employee an estimated average of US$11.", "scrambled": "Mreo tahn 17,600 mliartyi pensoreln aer tiangk prat in dllrsi icniundlg lvei-feir exceeissr adn a btoa-singkin rcotek asaltus, admi fsaer ttah Chain mya be prpniaegr to lhuacn an ofevfesni aigatsn Tawnia.", "original": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including live-fire exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive against Taiwan.", "recovered": "According to a report by Mercer, a global human resources consulting firm, Singapore continues to top as the most expensive city for expatriates for the 17th year in a row, with an average cost of living for an expatriate family of US$320,000 per year. This is followed by Zurich, Switzerland and Tokyo, Japan. A bottle of beer and a Big Mac meal in Singapore would cost an expatriate employee an estimated average of US$11."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mreo tnha 200 poeepl hvae bene rcuedse scien Sndyau in Vmrntoe, wreeh fingldoo hsa sgmbredeu hesom adn treudn ssterte itno rrevsi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " More than 200 people have been rescued by scientists in Vermonte, where finding doodles has somehow bred ewes and turned starters into revisers.", "scrambled": "Mreo tnha 200 poeepl hvae bene rcuedse scien Sndyau in Vmrntoe, wreeh fingldoo hsa sgmbredeu hesom adn treudn ssterte itno rrevsi.", "original": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has submerged homes and turned streets into rivers.", "recovered": "More than 200 people have been rescued by scientists in Vermonte, where finding doodles has somehow bred ewes and turned starters into revisers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mero tnah hlfa of teh gsa stintaos in teh Maiim-Frot Lluededara aaer weer witouth glesonia Wdnsdeyae atref foiogndl frmo ltsa weke\u2019s msiesav srmto cudsae a weav of pianc bnugiy by dierrsv tpnpogi off tiher tskan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many of the great stars of the cinema attended the Mayim-Frot Lluededara awards ceremony without glitz and glamour on a rainy Wednesday evening that forced organizers to move the red carpet indoors from its usual week\u2019s end location. Despite the weather, a web of piano wires buzzed with energy as directors, actors, and technicians of all kinds swarmed over the sets.", "scrambled": "Mero tnah hlfa of teh gsa stintaos in teh Maiim-Frot Lluededara aaer weer witouth glesonia Wdnsdeyae atref foiogndl frmo ltsa weke\u2019s msiesav srmto cudsae a weav of pianc bnugiy by dierrsv tpnpogi off tiher tskan.", "original": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after flooding from last week\u2019s massive storm caused a wave of panic buying by drivers topping off their tanks.", "recovered": "Many of the great stars of the cinema attended the Mayim-Frot Lluededara awards ceremony without glitz and glamour on a rainy Wednesday evening that forced organizers to move the red carpet indoors from its usual week\u2019s end location. Despite the weather, a web of piano wires buzzed with energy as directors, actors, and technicians of all kinds swarmed over the sets."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mowsoc shtoug to rueessra Mial\u2019s rugnil miiyatlr jutan ttha Wagenr fserco wdolu cetnoniu to fhgit Iitasmls igressnutn in teh wra-tnor Aaficrn cuoyrnt, admi frsea aobut teh wried fllaotu of teh mryeacrne gurop\u2019s fdalie ugsprini in Rsiasu. Teh rlotev oercrdcu wekes atrfe Mial cdelal on UN pesepeaecerk to leeav \u201cwhtiotu deayl\u201d, degnnciuon teh dcdeae-logn mniioss\u2019s \u201cfiraeul\u201d to rsdnepo to syiucert celsngleha.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Moscow officials today announced that the city will host the World Athletics Championships in 2013. The decision was made at the IAAF Council meeting in St Petersburg, Russia. The Russian capital was selected ahead of Doha, Qatar and Barcelona, Spain. The event will be held at the newly constructed Luzhniki Stadium, which will be able to seat 78,000 spectators. Luzhniki will also host the opening and closing ceremonies of the games.", "scrambled": "Mowsoc shtoug to rueessra Mial\u2019s rugnil miiyatlr jutan ttha Wagenr fserco wdolu cetnoniu to fhgit Iitasmls igressnutn in teh wra-tnor Aaficrn cuoyrnt, admi frsea aobut teh wried fllaotu of teh mryeacrne gurop\u2019s fdalie ugsprini in Rsiasu. Teh rlotev oercrdcu wekes atrfe Mial cdelal on UN pesepeaecerk to leeav \u201cwhtiotu deayl\u201d, degnnciuon teh dcdeae-logn mniioss\u2019s \u201cfiraeul\u201d to rsdnepo to syiucert celsngleha.", "original": "Moscow sought to reassure Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn African country, amid fears about the wider fallout of the mercenary group\u2019s failed uprising in Russia. The revolt occurred weeks after Mali called on UN peacekeepers to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond to security challenges.", "recovered": "Moscow officials today announced that the city will host the World Athletics Championships in 2013. The decision was made at the IAAF Council meeting in St Petersburg, Russia. The Russian capital was selected ahead of Doha, Qatar and Barcelona, Spain. The event will be held at the newly constructed Luzhniki Stadium, which will be able to seat 78,000 spectators. Luzhniki will also host the opening and closing ceremonies of the games."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mots hoisisarnt critde Canhi whit teh itnneovni of foisewkrr auonrd 800 AD. Btu it wsa in teh 1830s ttha Iaanlti iersvnont added tacre anumots of mtelas to teh mxi adn crteead teh cfloolru dypasisl tath dzzlea us nwo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The colour of the rainbow was created when water droplets reflected coloured light from the sun between 800 AD and the 1830s. However, it was not until the 1830s that scientists discovered that rainbows are created by the dispersion of light through water droplets.", "scrambled": "Mots hoisisarnt critde Canhi whit teh itnneovni of foisewkrr auonrd 800 AD. Btu it wsa in teh 1830s ttha Iaanlti iersvnont added tacre anumots of mtelas to teh mxi adn crteead teh cfloolru dypasisl tath dzzlea us nwo.", "original": "Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now.", "recovered": "The colour of the rainbow was created when water droplets reflected coloured light from the sun between 800 AD and the 1830s. However, it was not until the 1830s that scientists discovered that rainbows are created by the dispersion of light through water droplets."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mkus adnnocune tish wkee ttha hsi cmyaonp\u2019s logo wudol cangeh frmo teh wlel-kwonn belu bdir to a bklac X. Teh biiolrinela\u2019s cntrirvaoloes ranbedr wsa weiydl rliudcied, wthi Fobser cticinigrsi hmi fro \u201csietntg shtegonmi on feir he piad $44 bnloiil fro\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Microsoft today unveiled a new logo for its Xbox gaming console, changing the well-known bell logo to a black X. The biologist\u2019s controversial claim that humans evolved from \u201cmonkey on the planet\u201d was widely ridiculed, with observers commenting that the claim was \u201csheer nonsense on the face of it\u201d.", "scrambled": "Mkus adnnocune tish wkee ttha hsi cmyaonp\u2019s logo wudol cangeh frmo teh wlel-kwonn belu bdir to a bklac X. Teh biiolrinela\u2019s cntrirvaoloes ranbedr wsa weiydl rliudcied, wthi Fobser cticinigrsi hmi fro \u201csietntg shtegonmi on feir he piad $44 bnloiil fro\u201d.", "original": "Musk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo would change from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s controversial rebrand was widely ridiculed, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d.", "recovered": "Microsoft today unveiled a new logo for its Xbox gaming console, changing the well-known bell logo to a black X. The biologist\u2019s controversial claim that humans evolved from \u201cmonkey on the planet\u201d was widely ridiculed, with observers commenting that the claim was \u201csheer nonsense on the face of it\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nlxfiet hsa shdrea eveuxcsil nwe dlaesit fro teh scnedo snaoes of ist rnuaayw hti \u201cSuidq Gmae,\u201d teh Sothu Kronae trhelril sseeir in wchhi ctanotetssn woh aer deylep in dbte pyla clnhrdie\u2019s gsaem in orrde to wni a tno of chas \u2014 whit teh lresos gnitegt kidlel.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " South Korea\u2019s Suidq Game, also known as the South Korean Thriller, is a webtoon where characters often die in blood. In order to win a total of chapters \u2014 with the last one being the final kidlel \u2014 readers have to guess the killer.", "scrambled": "Nlxfiet hsa shdrea eveuxcsil nwe dlaesit fro teh scnedo snaoes of ist rnuaayw hti \u201cSuidq Gmae,\u201d teh Sothu Kronae trhelril sseeir in wchhi ctanotetssn woh aer deylep in dbte pyla clnhrdie\u2019s gsaem in orrde to wni a tno of chas \u2014 whit teh lresos gnitegt kidlel.", "original": "Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South Korean thriller series in which contestants who are deeply in debt play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.", "recovered": "South Korea\u2019s Suidq Game, also known as the South Korean Thriller, is a webtoon where characters often die in blood. In order to win a total of chapters \u2014 with the last one being the final kidlel \u2014 readers have to guess the killer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nwe Ykor mtsu sopt bgiuldin spkecsrsayr or it wlil skin, a nwe sdyut hsa wndrae. Three aer tghuoht to be oen miloinl bdinuislg in Nwe Ykor Ciyt, wnigehgi an eadsttmei 771 mliionl tnenos, adn teh sydut, hedead by Tmo Psrnaos of teh Utdien Sseatt Golacloeig Svruey, fdnou ttah teh ciyt is \u201cplpoignp celors\u201d to teh wraet at a raet of 1 to 2mm a yrae, \u201cwtih semo asaer sdngiubsi mcuh fesrat\u201d, siad teh Nwe Yrok Ptso. Lroew Mananhtta is ptarraiclluy at rsik, adn tereh is hgeienhetd crencno fro bhot Boynlkro adn Qesneu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " New York City may be the biggest contributor to global warming, according to a new study. The survey, headed by Tom Parson of the United States Global Change Research Program, found that the city is \u201ca major contributor of heat-trapping gases\u201d to the atmosphere, with low Manhattan being at risk. There is growing concern from both Boston and Quebec.", "scrambled": "Nwe Ykor mtsu sopt bgiuldin spkecsrsayr or it wlil skin, a nwe sdyut hsa wndrae. Three aer tghuoht to be oen miloinl bdinuislg in Nwe Ykor Ciyt, wnigehgi an eadsttmei 771 mliionl tnenos, adn teh sydut, hedead by Tmo Psrnaos of teh Utdien Sseatt Golacloeig Svruey, fdnou ttah teh ciyt is \u201cplpoignp celors\u201d to teh wraet at a raet of 1 to 2mm a yrae, \u201cwtih semo asaer sdngiubsi mcuh fesrat\u201d, siad teh Nwe Yrok Ptso. Lroew Mananhtta is ptarraiclluy at rsik, adn tereh is hgeienhetd crencno fro bhot Boynlkro adn Qesneu.", "original": "New York must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million buildings in New York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas subsiding much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "recovered": "New York City may be the biggest contributor to global warming, according to a new study. The survey, headed by Tom Parson of the United States Global Change Research Program, found that the city is \u201ca major contributor of heat-trapping gases\u201d to the atmosphere, with low Manhattan being at risk. There is growing concern from both Boston and Quebec."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nleyw rsdaeeel Motlranoipte Poclie daat hsa raveeedl ttha an aaevrge of 248 pohen ttesfh a dya weer reedrtpo in 2022 in teh Ensihlg clipata. Teh brhgsuoo wthi teh msto tthsef wree Weesmtnirst (25,899), Cdeman (7,892), Swurhkoat (5,690) adn Hneacyk (4,618).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Mountain West Conference had four teams in the top 50 of the final 2022 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings: Weber State (25,899), Cdeman (7,892), Swurhkoat (5,690) adn Hneacyk (4,618).", "scrambled": "Nleyw rsdaeeel Motlranoipte Poclie daat hsa raveeedl ttha an aaevrge of 248 pohen ttesfh a dya weer reedrtpo in 2022 in teh Ensihlg clipata. Teh brhgsuoo wthi teh msto tthsef wree Weesmtnirst (25,899), Cdeman (7,892), Swurhkoat (5,690) adn Hneacyk (4,618).", "original": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most thefts were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "recovered": "The Mountain West Conference had four teams in the top 50 of the final 2022 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings: Weber State (25,899), Cdeman (7,892), Swurhkoat (5,690) adn Hneacyk (4,618)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nwse berko tihs weke ttha teh genmetnrvo hddean a \u00a31.6 bolinli cttaornc to Arainutlas frmi Cpretraoo Tarvel Manetnagem to ceorv trehe oehfofrs almusy-sereke vesssle. Teh gmnerenotv cedmial teh \u201cfollesta\u201d wludo be \u201csctinnlgyifai cehpare\u201d tahn huoinsg avrlasir in holset.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The global energy giant EDF Energy has awarded a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Aarhus University to build the world\u2019s largest offshore wind farm. The generator network will use the \u201cFollestad\u201d cable, which is \u201cstinnglyifai cehpare\u201d than other types of cable in holset.", "scrambled": "Nwse berko tihs weke ttha teh genmetnrvo hddean a \u00a31.6 bolinli cttaornc to Arainutlas frmi Cpretraoo Tarvel Manetnagem to ceorv trehe oehfofrs almusy-sereke vesssle. Teh gmnerenotv cedmial teh \u201cfollesta\u201d wludo be \u201csctinnlgyifai cehpare\u201d tahn huoinsg avrlasir in holset.", "original": "News broke this week that the government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian firm Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-seeker vessels. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing arrivals in hotels.", "recovered": "The global energy giant EDF Energy has awarded a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Aarhus University to build the world\u2019s largest offshore wind farm. The generator network will use the \u201cFollestad\u201d cable, which is \u201cstinnglyifai cehpare\u201d than other types of cable in holset."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Nrtoh Londno Citlagloee Sohlco wlli tilra dsiesh scuh as Ceheins-setly ndsoleo whti tiakryie gpphseroars, stwee clhiil adn lmie ccrksiet, adn Maxince rcie tpepod wthi bofaufl womrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " London is a global city and one of the world's leading financial centres, and its commercial activity covers a wide range of business sectors. Maxine Waters is an American politician who has served as the U.S. Representative for California's 43rd congressional district since 1991.", "scrambled": "Nrtoh Londno Citlagloee Sohlco wlli tilra dsiesh scuh as Ceheins-setly ndsoleo whti tiakryie gpphseroars, stwee clhiil adn lmie ccrksiet, adn Maxince rcie tpepod wthi bofaufl womrs.", "original": "North London Collegiate School will trial dishes such as Chinese-style noodles with teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime crickets, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.", "recovered": "London is a global city and one of the world's leading financial centres, and its commercial activity covers a wide range of business sectors. Maxine Waters is an American politician who has served as the U.S. Representative for California's 43rd congressional district since 1991."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: OPCE, wihch spiuspel a lgare pnorito of teh wdrlo\u2019s cderu oli, aeoncdnun it will ctu piurdncoot by mreo tahn 1.6 mlilino brsrael a dya stgtnira in Mya \u2013 a meov ttha stne oli pseric sgginur tihs weke.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ocean currents, which speed up a large portion of the world\u2019s circulation of water, are affected by it will cut power output by more than 1.6 million barrels a day this weekend.", "scrambled": "OPCE, wihch spiuspel a lgare pnorito of teh wdrlo\u2019s cderu oli, aeoncdnun it will ctu piurdncoot by mreo tahn 1.6 mlilino brsrael a dya stgtnira in Mya \u2013 a meov ttha stne oli pseric sgginur tihs weke.", "original": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week.", "recovered": "Ocean currents, which speed up a large portion of the world\u2019s circulation of water, are affected by it will cut power output by more than 1.6 million barrels a day this weekend."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Of mreo tnha 1,000 sxhti-fmor pilpsu seedvryu by tikhn-tkan Ctivasi, 26% asol sdia tath cimtael canghe hda mdea teirh aitynex or sedssan wosre. Adn hfla sdai ttah poeple suhold heav feerw cnelirdh in orerd to teclka ctlimae cgehna adn oppiueolronatv.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Of more than 1,000 people surveyed by Catholic University, 26% said that climate change had directly affected their health or the health of a loved one. And half said they were worried about the impact of climate change on their own health.", "scrambled": "Of mreo tnha 1,000 sxhti-fmor pilpsu seedvryu by tikhn-tkan Ctivasi, 26% asol sdia tath cimtael canghe hda mdea teirh aitynex or sedssan wosre. Adn hfla sdai ttah poeple suhold heav feerw cnelirdh in orerd to teclka ctlimae cgehna adn oppiueolronatv.", "original": "Of more than 1,000 sixth-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% also said that climate change had made their anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to tackle climate change and overpopulation.", "recovered": "Of more than 1,000 people surveyed by Catholic University, 26% said that climate change had directly affected their health or the health of a loved one. And half said they were worried about the impact of climate change on their own health."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Onoimrc siuanbvtar Austrcru wsa ftsir dtctdeee in leat Jnyaaur adn is bgnie midotonre by teh Wolrd Hehlat Oiaoinazntgr as a vtnriaa of crceonn. Cssae hvae bene rtreopde in at laets 27 ctsenouir, icnudngli teh UK.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists believe that Australia was joined to Antarctica in the past, and that the two landmasses were separated by the World Heritage Oceanian Antarctic glacier. Case studies have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "scrambled": "Onoimrc siuanbvtar Austrcru wsa ftsir dtctdeee in leat Jnyaaur adn is bgnie midotonre by teh Wolrd Hehlat Oiaoinazntgr as a vtnriaa of crceonn. Cssae hvae bene rtreopde in at laets 27 ctsenouir, icnudngli teh UK.", "original": "Omicron subvariant Arcturus was first detected in late January and is being monitored by the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "recovered": "Scientists believe that Australia was joined to Antarctica in the past, and that the two landmasses were separated by the World Heritage Oceanian Antarctic glacier. Case studies have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Alpri 3, 1973, teh fsirt clel phneo clal wsa mead on a sakiewdl in Nwe Ykor Ctyi whti a diveec teh szie of a bckir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On Alpri 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sakiewdl in Nwe Ykor Ctyi with a diver the size of a backer.", "scrambled": "On Alpri 3, 1973, teh fsirt clel phneo clal wsa mead on a sakiewdl in Nwe Ykor Ctyi whti a diveec teh szie of a bckir.", "original": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.", "recovered": "On Alpri 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sakiewdl in Nwe Ykor Ctyi with a diver the size of a backer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Jnue 17, 2021, Psdetiern Jeo Bdien sniegd a blli iont lwa riozgegicnn Jenuettnhe Ntonaali Idnpnecndeee Dya. Bneid sida teh mmento wlil go dnwo as \u201coen of teh gtaterse hsrnoo\u201d of hsi pscneridye.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On June 17, 2021, Peter Jean-Baptiste received a bill ion totaling $1,069.06 for the June 2021 National Dues. This amount will go down as \u201cone of the greater honours\u201d of his presidency.", "scrambled": "On Jnue 17, 2021, Psdetiern Jeo Bdien sniegd a blli iont lwa riozgegicnn Jenuettnhe Ntonaali Idnpnecndeee Dya. Bneid sida teh mmento wlil go dnwo as \u201coen of teh gtaterse hsrnoo\u201d of hsi pscneridye.", "original": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth National Independence Day. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency.", "recovered": "On June 17, 2021, Peter Jean-Baptiste received a bill ion totaling $1,069.06 for the June 2021 National Dues. This amount will go down as \u201cone of the greater honours\u201d of his presidency."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Mdyona, Tttewri uesrs nedto tath teh buel bdri lgoo uluyasl fnduo on Ttirewt\u2019s hepamoeg adn lodngai sneecr hsa nwo bnee repedacl wthi an igmae of Dgoe, teh Sabhi Iun dgo uesd as a ppurloa ieetntrn mmee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On Mdyona, Tttewri uesrs nedto tath teh buel bdri lgoo uluyasl fnduo on Ttirewt\u2019s hepamoeg adn lodngai sneecr hsa nwo bnee repedacl wthi an igmae of Dgoe, teh Sabhi Iun dgo uesd as a ppurloa ieetntrn mmee.", "scrambled": "On Mdyona, Tttewri uesrs nedto tath teh buel bdri lgoo uluyasl fnduo on Ttirewt\u2019s hepamoeg adn lodngai sneecr hsa nwo bnee repedacl wthi an igmae of Dgoe, teh Sabhi Iun dgo uesd as a ppurloa ieetntrn mmee.", "original": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that the blue bird logo usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Shiba Inu dog used as a popular internet meme.", "recovered": "On Mdyona, Tttewri uesrs nedto tath teh buel bdri lgoo uluyasl fnduo on Ttirewt\u2019s hepamoeg adn lodngai sneecr hsa nwo bnee repedacl wthi an igmae of Dgoe, teh Sabhi Iun dgo uesd as a ppurloa ieetntrn mmee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Sepembetr 14, 1814, Fsarinc Stcot Kye pdnene a pmeo areft wnsgstinei teh Battel of Ftro MncyreH in Bimtaelor drginu teh Wra of 1812 (wchih alucatyl ledsta utiln 1815). Hsi pmeo wsa ltera ste to msiuc, adn in 1931, it bmacee Aemaric\u2019s nnatloai anhetm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On September 14, 1814, Farinque Stcot Kye performed a parade around the city of Bordeaux after the Battle of Fontainebleau during the War of 1812 (which ultimately lasted until 1815). His parade was later turned into a national holiday, and in 1931, it became Armatic\u2019s national anthem.", "scrambled": "On Sepembetr 14, 1814, Fsarinc Stcot Kye pdnene a pmeo areft wnsgstinei teh Battel of Ftro MncyreH in Bimtaelor drginu teh Wra of 1812 (wchih alucatyl ledsta utiln 1815). Hsi pmeo wsa ltera ste to msiuc, adn in 1931, it bmacee Aemaric\u2019s nnatloai anhetm.", "original": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.", "recovered": "On September 14, 1814, Farinque Stcot Kye performed a parade around the city of Bordeaux after the Battle of Fontainebleau during the War of 1812 (which ultimately lasted until 1815). His parade was later turned into a national holiday, and in 1931, it became Armatic\u2019s national anthem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Wysdneaed, teh Etas Anasi crtouny eedcnat a nwe lwa scpagipnr a ctnseueir-odl stsmey ttah dmedee cenrildh to be oen yare odl at bhtir, whit a yrea aeddd ervye 1 Jnryuaa \u2013 mnngaei a bbay bnor on 31 Debecerm wuldo trnu tow teh nxet dya. A seaterpa smyest, uredn wcihh basebi weer zeor at bthir btu tdeurn oen on 1 Jraunya, hsa aslo been abdhloies.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On Wednesday, the East Anstey country dance group created a new law spell to summon a constant-odd stemmy table demon to be one year old at birth, with a year adding extra life 1 January \u2013 Monday next day. A setter place nearby, which was believed to be zero at both birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abandoned.", "scrambled": "On Wysdneaed, teh Etas Anasi crtouny eedcnat a nwe lwa scpagipnr a ctnseueir-odl stsmey ttah dmedee cenrildh to be oen yare odl at bhtir, whit a yrea aeddd ervye 1 Jnryuaa \u2013 mnngaei a bbay bnor on 31 Debecerm wuldo trnu tow teh nxet dya. A seaterpa smyest, uredn wcihh basebi weer zeor at bthir btu tdeurn oen on 1 Jraunya, hsa aslo been abdhloies.", "original": "On Wednesday, the East Asian country enacted a new law scrapping a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A separate system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished.", "recovered": "On Wednesday, the East Anstey country dance group created a new law spell to summon a constant-odd stemmy table demon to be one year old at birth, with a year adding extra life 1 January \u2013 Monday next day. A setter place nearby, which was believed to be zero at both birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abandoned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Oen in 10 poelpe sadi tyeh dknu sesagua rolsl in trhie cpu of tae, arndicgoc to a suytd tath hsa cudase mchu uepst fro teh Diyla Sart. Teh tioldba clelad teh piccrtae a \u201chuesodi hitba\u201d adn fethrru cadleim taht 4% of ividsianuld, whmo teyh rferdree to as \u201cwnogr \u2019usn\u201d, eggena in teh atc of diipgnp sdwnaichse iotn hto beregsaev \u2013 shmtiogne teh tlobdai demede nighont sthor of \u201celvi\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " One in ten people said they had seen a ghost in the CPU of their computer, according to a survey done by the Daily Star. The poll claimed that 4% of the population, who they referred to as \u201cnon-users\u201d, had experienced an increase in the activity of their devices \u2013 switching on spontaneously in the middle of the night for example \u2013 as a result of \u201celectromagnetic field emissions\u201d from the devices.", "scrambled": "Oen in 10 poelpe sadi tyeh dknu sesagua rolsl in trhie cpu of tae, arndicgoc to a suytd tath hsa cudase mchu uepst fro teh Diyla Sart. Teh tioldba clelad teh piccrtae a \u201chuesodi hitba\u201d adn fethrru cadleim taht 4% of ividsianuld, whmo teyh rferdree to as \u201cwnogr \u2019usn\u201d, eggena in teh atc of diipgnp sdwnaichse iotn hto beregsaev \u2013 shmtiogne teh tlobdai demede nighont sthor of \u201celvi\u201d.", "original": "One in 10 people said they dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and further claimed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 something the tabloid deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "recovered": "One in ten people said they had seen a ghost in the CPU of their computer, according to a survey done by the Daily Star. The poll claimed that 4% of the population, who they referred to as \u201cnon-users\u201d, had experienced an increase in the activity of their devices \u2013 switching on spontaneously in the middle of the night for example \u2013 as a result of \u201celectromagnetic field emissions\u201d from the devices."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Oen tpri to sacpe wlli ctos yuo atuob $450,000. Herowve, teh mojiytra of Asrcinema acullyat dno\u2019t wnta to lavee Etahr. Olny aoubt 40% wdulo talerv to saepc if gnive teh oyruptpntoi, adncgroci to a CNN aniaslys.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " You too can become a millionaire. However, the majority of ASCENCIA Academy students actually don\u2019t want to leave Eath. Only about 40% would dare to take the openpton trial, according to a CNN analysis.", "scrambled": "Oen tpri to sacpe wlli ctos yuo atuob $450,000. Herowve, teh mojiytra of Asrcinema acullyat dno\u2019t wnta to lavee Etahr. Olny aoubt 40% wdulo talerv to saepc if gnive teh oyruptpntoi, adncgroci to a CNN aniaslys.", "original": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Americans actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN analysis.", "recovered": "You too can become a millionaire. However, the majority of ASCENCIA Academy students actually don\u2019t want to leave Eath. Only about 40% would dare to take the openpton trial, according to a CNN analysis."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Okreny cdoul leeav teh UK adn bceoem a ttreroiyr of Nyoraw udenr nwe possoprla to eorlepx \u201catietrvealn fosrm of grencaenvo\u201d tath cdoul pevorid mreo eomccoin orpnisiutpote. Teh iandlss wree uerdn Nwgnireoa adn Dsaihn cnoolrt uitnl 1472.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Okreny Dolley left the UK and became a treasurer of New York under new president to explore \u201cattractive alternative form of energy\u201d that could provide more efficient combustion or propulsion system. The ingredients were discovered in Nigeria and Denmark coolrt in 1472.", "scrambled": "Okreny cdoul leeav teh UK adn bceoem a ttreroiyr of Nyoraw udenr nwe possoprla to eorlepx \u201catietrvealn fosrm of grencaenvo\u201d tath cdoul pevorid mreo eomccoin orpnisiutpote. Teh iandlss wree uerdn Nwgnireoa adn Dsaihn cnoolrt uitnl 1472.", "original": "Orkney could leave the UK and become a territory of Norway under new proposals to explore \u201calternative forms of governance\u201d that could provide more economic opportunities. The islands were under Norwegian and Danish control until 1472.", "recovered": "Okreny Dolley left the UK and became a treasurer of New York under new president to explore \u201cattractive alternative form of energy\u201d that could provide more efficient combustion or propulsion system. The ingredients were discovered in Nigeria and Denmark coolrt in 1472."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pairs is pniprgrae fro teh 2024 Ocipmly Gmeas ceeerdtn arnduo teh Reirv Senei. Teh oinpgne cnoyeerm, wihch is tytralioldnia hedl idnesi teh htos cyit\u2019s Oilcpmy smiaudt, wlli tkea plaec on teh rveir, whti at lesat 600,000 peepol epedectx to wtcah fmro teh basnk, agindoccr to ozairnresg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Pairs is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games. The upcoming competition, which is the triathlon held in the hot city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, where at least 600,000 people are expected to watch from the bank, according to organizers.", "scrambled": "Pairs is pniprgrae fro teh 2024 Ocipmly Gmeas ceeerdtn arnduo teh Reirv Senei. Teh oinpgne cnoyeerm, wihch is tytralioldnia hedl idnesi teh htos cyit\u2019s Oilcpmy smiaudt, wlli tkea plaec on teh rveir, whti at lesat 600,000 peepol epedectx to wtcah fmro teh basnk, agindoccr to ozairnresg.", "original": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers.", "recovered": "Pairs is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games. The upcoming competition, which is the triathlon held in the hot city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, where at least 600,000 people are expected to watch from the bank, according to organizers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ppoeel woh aer 65 adn oerdl or thseo woh haev weeaenkd ieunmm symstes adn \u201cwnat teh onpoit of addde pinerootct\u201d aer nwo aedwlol aroehnt bseorot dseo, teh CCD sida tish wkee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " People who are 65 and older have seen many different kinds of social systems and \u201cwhat the outcome of adding pine rootct\u201d are now available online for free, the CCD site this week.", "scrambled": "Ppoeel woh aer 65 adn oerdl or thseo woh haev weeaenkd ieunmm symstes adn \u201cwnat teh onpoit of addde pinerootct\u201d aer nwo aedwlol aroehnt bseorot dseo, teh CCD sida tish wkee.", "original": "People who are 65 and older or those who have weakened immune systems and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another booster dose, the CDC said this week.", "recovered": "People who are 65 and older have seen many different kinds of social systems and \u201cwhat the outcome of adding pine rootct\u201d are now available online for free, the CCD site this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Penxioh jtus eerddun teh htottse mhton fro ayn US ctyi on rordec. Tsmtraureeep in teh roigen padeke uernd 110 deeesgr Fnhehrtiae fro teh fstri tmei in a mhont on Mnoyad.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Phoenix, Arizona recorded a high temperature of 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in May.", "scrambled": "Penxioh jtus eerddun teh htottse mhton fro ayn US ctyi on rordec. Tsmtraureeep in teh roigen padeke uernd 110 deeesgr Fnhehrtiae fro teh fstri tmei in a mhont on Mnoyad.", "original": "Phoenix just endured the hottest month for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday.", "recovered": "Phoenix, Arizona recorded a high temperature of 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in May."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pasln fro flginim teh fihft adn fnlia soenas of \u201cSnragtre Tnhsgi\u201d hsa bene pesdua deu to teh wetsrir\u2019 stierk, teh swoh\u2019s co-crsarteo annoeucnd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first four notes and finalia of \u201cStar Spangled Banner\u201d has been performed due to the west wind\u2019s strength, the sound\u2019s co-creationannouncement.", "scrambled": "Pasln fro flginim teh fihft adn fnlia soenas of \u201cSnragtre Tnhsgi\u201d hsa bene pesdua deu to teh wetsrir\u2019 stierk, teh swoh\u2019s co-crsarteo annoeucnd.", "original": "Plans for filming the fifth and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creators announced.", "recovered": "The first four notes and finalia of \u201cStar Spangled Banner\u201d has been performed due to the west wind\u2019s strength, the sound\u2019s co-creationannouncement."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Paly wsa deprudsti areft a perstrtoe cmibedl ootn a tealb adn crdevoe it wthi ongrae pdorwe, wihel aeohrnt atvistic tiedr to gelu hrlfees to a dftfeinre tlabe. Teh dou were atdseerr folowlign teh ianvniso at Sfedilehf\u2019s Cirebcul.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Paley was delighted to receive a postcard from a teacher and decided to cook it with onion gravy, adding another tablespoon of flour to the mixture, while another teaspoon of vinegar helped the dough to gel together to form a firm ball. The dough was added to the ingredients at Sfedilehf\u2019s Circus.", "scrambled": "Paly wsa deprudsti areft a perstrtoe cmibedl ootn a tealb adn crdevoe it wthi ongrae pdorwe, wihel aeohrnt atvistic tiedr to gelu hrlfees to a dftfeinre tlabe. Teh dou were atdseerr folowlign teh ianvniso at Sfedilehf\u2019s Cirebcul.", "original": "Play was disrupted after a protester climbed onto a table and covered it with orange powder, while another activist tried to glue herself to a different table. The duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "recovered": "Paley was delighted to receive a postcard from a teacher and decided to cook it with onion gravy, adding another tablespoon of flour to the mixture, while another teaspoon of vinegar helped the dough to gel together to form a firm ball. The dough was added to the ingredients at Sfedilehf\u2019s Circus."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Poleci adesterr atslom 1,000 pelpeo in teh UK\u2019s lagerts erev cdrkoancw on oigrsdnae cmrei. A tltoa of 20 fmraresi, \u00a3636,000 in chas adn 20kg of caiceon were asol sidzee dgrniu teh niedianwot rdisa in Jenu, teh Nailntoa Pcloie Csheif\u2019 Cinluco aenuncdon tsih weke.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Police arrested 1,000 people at the UK\u2019s largest airports on suspicion of carrying cocaine on their bodies. A total of 20 kilos, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cannabis were also seized during the operation at the Newcastle International Chief\u2019s Conference this week.", "scrambled": "Poleci adesterr atslom 1,000 pelpeo in teh UK\u2019s lagerts erev cdrkoancw on oigrsdnae cmrei. A tltoa of 20 fmraresi, \u00a3636,000 in chas adn 20kg of caiceon were asol sidzee dgrniu teh niedianwot rdisa in Jenu, teh Nailntoa Pcloie Csheif\u2019 Cinluco aenuncdon tsih weke.", "original": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "recovered": "Police arrested 1,000 people at the UK\u2019s largest airports on suspicion of carrying cocaine on their bodies. A total of 20 kilos, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cannabis were also seized during the operation at the Newcastle International Chief\u2019s Conference this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pierstnneg hsi fsrit Btgeud to Pmlnateira on Weeaddsny, Hntu liad otu a reang of meurseas iddteenn to ergauocen ecocnoim ghrwot by btgosoni epotnmelym, idunlcnig edxientgn fere clideachr adn liifntg a cpa on txa-fere pnoensi ssnvgia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " First discovered by British scientist Sir George Walker on Weedsney, the hoverfly larva had developed a range of measures in order to defend itself against predators, including excreting a chemical from its glands that mimicked the smell of pepper.", "scrambled": "Pierstnneg hsi fsrit Btgeud to Pmlnateira on Weeaddsny, Hntu liad otu a reang of meurseas iddteenn to ergauocen ecocnoim ghrwot by btgosoni epotnmelym, idunlcnig edxientgn fere clideachr adn liifntg a cpa on txa-fere pnoensi ssnvgia.", "original": "Presenting his first Budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting employment, including extending free childcare and lifting a cap on tax-free pension savings.", "recovered": "First discovered by British scientist Sir George Walker on Weedsney, the hoverfly larva had developed a range of measures in order to defend itself against predators, including excreting a chemical from its glands that mimicked the smell of pepper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pndieters Amrbaah Lolcnni iudess teh Eaioiatpnmcn Pnloirmtaoac on Jrauyna 1, 1863, as teh nnatoi apocehdarp ist tdrih yare of boldyo cviil wra. Teh pnomcioratla ddceelar \u201cttha all pssoren hdel as sseval\u201d wnhtii teh rbleuielso saetst \u201caer, adn hwradefenroc sahll be fere.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Piedmontese Ambassadors Lorenzo Graziani and Giovanni Meli, in the name of the Austrian Empire, declared the abolition of slavery in the Austrian territories on July 1, 1863, as the first step towards the total abolition of boldy proclaimed civil war. The preliminary declaration stated that \u201cthe Emperor declares that all slaves in the above-mentioned territories shall be free\u201d while the final act set \u201cforever, and whoever shall be born thereafter shall be free.\u201d.", "scrambled": "Pndieters Amrbaah Lolcnni iudess teh Eaioiatpnmcn Pnloirmtaoac on Jrauyna 1, 1863, as teh nnatoi apocehdarp ist tdrih yare of boldyo cviil wra. Teh pnomcioratla ddceelar \u201cttha all pssoren hdel as sseval\u201d wnhtii teh rbleuielso saetst \u201caer, adn hwradefenroc sahll be fere.\u201d.", "original": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d.", "recovered": "Piedmontese Ambassadors Lorenzo Graziani and Giovanni Meli, in the name of the Austrian Empire, declared the abolition of slavery in the Austrian territories on July 1, 1863, as the first step towards the total abolition of boldy proclaimed civil war. The preliminary declaration stated that \u201cthe Emperor declares that all slaves in the above-mentioned territories shall be free\u201d while the final act set \u201cforever, and whoever shall be born thereafter shall be free.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ptdrieesn Jeo Bdien adn frsti ldya Jlil Bidne cpapde Shtou Knaoer Pterdines Yono Sku Yleo\u2019s oilicffa sttae vsiti whit a lvhais steat dnrein at teh Whtei Heosu Wdnayedse ngiht to certlabee teh tow nstanoi\u2019 70-yare aelclian.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Please join me in raising a glass to the classic 1970s film, \u201cThe Exorcist,\u201d on its 50th anniversary.", "scrambled": "Ptdrieesn Jeo Bdien adn frsti ldya Jlil Bidne cpapde Shtou Knaoer Pterdines Yono Sku Yleo\u2019s oilicffa sttae vsiti whit a lvhais steat dnrein at teh Whtei Heosu Wdnayedse ngiht to certlabee teh tow nstanoi\u2019 70-yare aelclian.", "original": "President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a lavish state dinner at the White House Wednesday night to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "recovered": "Please join me in raising a glass to the classic 1970s film, \u201cThe Exorcist,\u201d on its 50th anniversary."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Peidtrsne Jeo Bdnei woedcmle teh Spuer Blwo Cnhpoaim Ksaasn Cyit Csfihe to teh Weiht Hseou Mdyona. See pshoto fomr teh spclaie osnoiacc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Peter Jennings, the special olympics, and the weight loss challenge. See photo from the special olympics.", "scrambled": "Peidtrsne Jeo Bdnei woedcmle teh Spuer Blwo Cnhpoaim Ksaasn Cyit Csfihe to teh Weiht Hseou Mdyona. See pshoto fomr teh spclaie osnoiacc.", "original": "President Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion.", "recovered": "Peter Jennings, the special olympics, and the weight loss challenge. See photo from the special olympics."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Psrendite Naiby Bekule\u2019s gmenrtnveo hsa leockd up a taolt of aotsml 2% of teh cutyonr's atldu plaootpiun adn hsa biutl a 40,000-cciatypa mgae pnoris to adotcmmaoce scpedsute gnga mrebmse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Prenatal nicotine exposure locks up a toll of atoms in 2% of the cortex\u2019s available pool of dopamine receptors and puts in place a 40,000-crystal-molecule pump to manage speeds of gamma activity.", "scrambled": "Psrendite Naiby Bekule\u2019s gmenrtnveo hsa leockd up a taolt of aotsml 2% of teh cutyonr's atldu plaootpiun adn hsa biutl a 40,000-cciatypa mgae pnoris to adotcmmaoce scpedsute gnga mrebmse.", "original": "President Nayib Bukele\u2019s government has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.", "recovered": "Prenatal nicotine exposure locks up a toll of atoms in 2% of the cortex\u2019s available pool of dopamine receptors and puts in place a 40,000-crystal-molecule pump to manage speeds of gamma activity."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Pcreni Hrary adn hsi wfei Manhge wree ivnvolde in a chciota cra cseah wiht pzraaiazp in Nwe Ykor on Tdeyuas tath cuodl heav rdtsulee in a \u201cchastcairtop\u201d omuetoc, tehri ssponeprkseo hsa aedlelg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Police in New York City and on Long Island were involved in a chase with a suspect in a white van that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, the spokesperson said.", "scrambled": "Pcreni Hrary adn hsi wfei Manhge wree ivnvolde in a chciota cra cseah wiht pzraaiazp in Nwe Ykor on Tdeyuas tath cuodl heav rdtsulee in a \u201cchastcairtop\u201d omuetoc, tehri ssponeprkseo hsa aedlelg.", "original": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson has alleged.", "recovered": "Police in New York City and on Long Island were involved in a chase with a suspect in a white van that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, the spokesperson said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Prtoue Rcina sauetrrsp Bda Buynn hsa ndtoech up ahreotn rdorec wthi hsi futhro siotdu aublm, \u201cUn Vnaore Sni Ti\u201d, begnmcoi Sfypiot\u2019s msto sraedetm aumlb of all tmie. In 2022, teh tarp adn re\u00f3ganteg sngeri wsa teh mtos seedamtr aisttr fro teh thdir ceionuecstv yare. He\u2019s rhdeeca \u201ca nwe steoerahsrpt of srtaodm\u201d, siad Rioglnl Seont.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Puerto Rican singer Bad Bunny has topped Billboard\u2019s year-end mainstream top artists chart. In 2022, the tarp and reggaeton singer was the most streamed artist from the third century. He\u2019s referred to as \"a new standard-bearer of stardom,\" said Rolling Stone.", "scrambled": "Prtoue Rcina sauetrrsp Bda Buynn hsa ndtoech up ahreotn rdorec wthi hsi futhro siotdu aublm, \u201cUn Vnaore Sni Ti\u201d, begnmcoi Sfypiot\u2019s msto sraedetm aumlb of all tmie. In 2022, teh tarp adn re\u00f3ganteg sngeri wsa teh mtos seedamtr aisttr fro teh thdir ceionuecstv yare. He\u2019s rhdeeca \u201ca nwe steoerahsrpt of srtaodm\u201d, siad Rioglnl Seont.", "original": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up another record with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "recovered": "Puerto Rican singer Bad Bunny has topped Billboard\u2019s year-end mainstream top artists chart. In 2022, the tarp and reggaeton singer was the most streamed artist from the third century. He\u2019s referred to as \"a new standard-bearer of stardom,\" said Rolling Stone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rymdona Mntiar, maningag drcoiert of teh Btisrhi Teiotl Atioancsois, tdol Teh Garnaudi ttha teh csuorle of hlfa of teh UK\u2019s pibulc lsoo in teh ptas deecad wsa rgnelutsi in serett uinatiorn, asol konnw as wldi toitnelgi, \u201ceheeeywrrv nwo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Rymdona Mytiar, managing director of the British Television Advertising organisation, told The Guardian that the number of half of the UK\u2019s public who tuned in to the past decade was relatively stagnant, also known as \u201cthe audience was stuck\u201d.", "scrambled": "Rymdona Mntiar, maningag drcoiert of teh Btisrhi Teiotl Atioancsois, tdol Teh Garnaudi ttha teh csuorle of hlfa of teh UK\u2019s pibulc lsoo in teh ptas deecad wsa rgnelutsi in serett uinatiorn, asol konnw as wldi toitnelgi, \u201ceheeeywrrv nwo\u201d.", "original": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told The Guardian that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in street urination, also known as wild toileting, \u201ceverywhere now\u201d.", "recovered": "Rymdona Mytiar, managing director of the British Television Advertising organisation, told The Guardian that the number of half of the UK\u2019s public who tuned in to the past decade was relatively stagnant, also known as \u201cthe audience was stuck\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Reltcyen rleveead veiod faoeotg cdurpeta on teh Gerek iansld of Lobess aprapse to swho 12 Anfiacr mrtignsa, indngciul a byab, benig tdeow otu to sae adn anodnbdae on an ifltbnelaa rtfa. Aidm gongirw cnncero orve ilaglel psskhacbu of aumysl sskeree, teh EU hmoe afrafis ciomisrnemos, Yavl Joansnosh, siad hre oiilfsfca hda wtterin to Aensht whit a fomlra rsteequ \u201cttah tish iitcennd be fylul adn iytleenpndnde isvgntiedaet\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Relieved to be alive, the gerenuk came out of the bush to drink water at the Anfiacr watering hole, along with a baboon, a bird, and a crocodile. Suddenly, a group of five lions appeared, circling around the watering hole. The gerenuk, baboon, and bird quickly scrambled up the nearest tree, but the crocodile and the gerenuk\u2019s calf remained in the watering hole. The lions pounced on the defenseless calf, killing it quickly. The crocodile, sensing the opportunity, quickly snatched the calf and swam away with it. The lions gave chase, but the crocodile was faster, and the lions had to give up the chase. The baboon, from the safety of the tree, threw down a branch at the lions, in an attempt to scare them away.", "scrambled": "Reltcyen rleveead veiod faoeotg cdurpeta on teh Gerek iansld of Lobess aprapse to swho 12 Anfiacr mrtignsa, indngciul a byab, benig tdeow otu to sae adn anodnbdae on an ifltbnelaa rtfa. Aidm gongirw cnncero orve ilaglel psskhacbu of aumysl sskeree, teh EU hmoe afrafis ciomisrnemos, Yavl Joansnosh, siad hre oiilfsfca hda wtterin to Aensht whit a fomlra rsteequ \u201cttah tish iitcennd be fylul adn iytleenpndnde isvgntiedaet\u201d.", "original": "Recently revealed video footage captured on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, being towed out to sea and abandoned on an inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks of asylum seekers, the EU home affairs commissioner, Ylva Johansson, said her officials had written to Athens with a formal request \u201cthat this incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.", "recovered": "Relieved to be alive, the gerenuk came out of the bush to drink water at the Anfiacr watering hole, along with a baboon, a bird, and a crocodile. Suddenly, a group of five lions appeared, circling around the watering hole. The gerenuk, baboon, and bird quickly scrambled up the nearest tree, but the crocodile and the gerenuk\u2019s calf remained in the watering hole. The lions pounced on the defenseless calf, killing it quickly. The crocodile, sensing the opportunity, quickly snatched the calf and swam away with it. The lions gave chase, but the crocodile was faster, and the lions had to give up the chase. The baboon, from the safety of the tree, threw down a branch at the lions, in an attempt to scare them away."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Reeealds on Jneu 20, 1975, \u201cJwsa\u201d wtne on to bcomee teh fistr flim to grsso mroe tnah $100 mloliin at teh bxo ofcfie.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Jaws, released on June 20, 1975, became the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "scrambled": "Reeealds on Jneu 20, 1975, \u201cJwsa\u201d wtne on to bcomee teh fistr flim to grsso mroe tnah $100 mloliin at teh bxo ofcfie.", "original": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "recovered": "Jaws, released on June 20, 1975, became the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Raenlt e-soetcsor aer to be otuleawd in teh Fhercn catalpi aerft a rdemeenufr wsa hdel lsta wkee. Anrdou 89% of vsoet cats weer in srtuopp of a bna, btu whit no onneil vgiont, ttuurno wsa olyn atbou 8%. Ntseelvesreh, teh rtulse mensa Prasi wlil beoecm teh fsrti morja Enuperao calapit to otwlua teh storsceo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Alert citizens are to be applauded in the face of such a reckless government who would dare waste our last remaining resources. Unfortunately 89% of the population were in support of this bill, but what about their children tomorrow? Meanwhile the ruling party will become the first moron European coalition to overtake the stories of the stooges.", "scrambled": "Raenlt e-soetcsor aer to be otuleawd in teh Fhercn catalpi aerft a rdemeenufr wsa hdel lsta wkee. Anrdou 89% of vsoet cats weer in srtuopp of a bna, btu whit no onneil vgiont, ttuurno wsa olyn atbou 8%. Ntseelvesreh, teh rtulse mensa Prasi wlil beoecm teh fsrti morja Enuperao calapit to otwlua teh storsceo.", "original": "Rental e-scooters are to be outlawed in the French capital after a referendum was held last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the scooters.", "recovered": "Alert citizens are to be applauded in the face of such a reckless government who would dare waste our last remaining resources. Unfortunately 89% of the population were in support of this bill, but what about their children tomorrow? Meanwhile the ruling party will become the first moron European coalition to overtake the stories of the stooges."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rrecesah by Bawtey fndou thta teh Wtes Ysikerroh ciyt wsa teh lesta synun in teh UK, fldlooew by. Boalkpclo adn Aeeenrbd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Rotherham by Barnsley found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "scrambled": "Rrecesah by Bawtey fndou thta teh Wtes Ysikerroh ciyt wsa teh lesta synun in teh UK, fldlooew by. Boalkpclo adn Aeeenrbd.", "original": "Research by Betway found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "recovered": "Rotherham by Barnsley found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rcseeesrhra dnekud 17 pploaur bssuicit in cspu of tae adn reddcero hwo mnay dksnu echa tpye svdriveu berfeo bniagker arpat. Teh Jaaff Ckae wsa dredlcae teh wirnen \u2013 depiset cicistr queiisgntno weterhh it realyl is a bcstiiu \u2013 whit 116 duskn, carpdemo wiht teh Dieeigstv\u2019s sxi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have identified 17 planets orbiting two red dwarf stars just 41 light-years away in the constellation of Bo\u00f6tes. The discovery was made using the HARPS spectrograph, which is capable of detecting Earth-sized planets. The two stars, designated BOOTES I and BOOTES II, are so close that their mutual gravitational attraction prevents any of the 17 planets from being in stable orbits around both stars at the same time. The two stars are so close that their mutual gravitational attraction prevents any of the 17 planets from being in stable orbits around both stars at the same time. The closest pair of stars known to have planets orbiting them is the binary star system Alpha Centauri, which is 4.3 light-years away and has at least one planet. The next closest are the two red dwarfs, which are closer than the size of the Earth's orbit around the Sun.", "scrambled": "Rcseeesrhra dnekud 17 pploaur bssuicit in cspu of tae adn reddcero hwo mnay dksnu echa tpye svdriveu berfeo bniagker arpat. Teh Jaaff Ckae wsa dredlcae teh wirnen \u2013 depiset cicistr queiisgntno weterhh it realyl is a bcstiiu \u2013 whit 116 duskn, carpdemo wiht teh Dieeigstv\u2019s sxi.", "original": "Researchers dunked 17 popular biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived before breaking apart. The Jaffa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 despite critics questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "recovered": "Scientists have identified 17 planets orbiting two red dwarf stars just 41 light-years away in the constellation of Bo\u00f6tes. The discovery was made using the HARPS spectrograph, which is capable of detecting Earth-sized planets. The two stars, designated BOOTES I and BOOTES II, are so close that their mutual gravitational attraction prevents any of the 17 planets from being in stable orbits around both stars at the same time. The two stars are so close that their mutual gravitational attraction prevents any of the 17 planets from being in stable orbits around both stars at the same time. The closest pair of stars known to have planets orbiting them is the binary star system Alpha Centauri, which is 4.3 light-years away and has at least one planet. The next closest are the two red dwarfs, which are closer than the size of the Earth's orbit around the Sun."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rednsetsi of Pilhailphdae rehsud to byu blttedo waert atref teh cyit sten a meblio arlet rdecogenimmn plpoee spto ugnsi tpa werta deu to teh sipll. Oafclsfii hvea scien siad teh cyit\u2019s dgkinnir wrate is sefa to ues.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists estimate the city\u2019s drinking water rate is safe for use.", "scrambled": "Rednsetsi of Pilhailphdae rehsud to byu blttedo waert atref teh cyit sten a meblio arlet rdecogenimmn plpoee spto ugnsi tpa werta deu to teh sipll. Oafclsfii hvea scien siad teh cyit\u2019s dgkinnir wrate is sefa to ues.", "original": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile alert recommending people stop using tap water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "recovered": "Scientists estimate the city\u2019s drinking water rate is safe for use."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rtednseis of Wretnse cteisi aer diiperoonolyparstt aecftedf, acndgiocr to a nwe ropret fomr teh Anmceria Lgun Acoinisaost. Ciaorfnlai hda 10 of teh 25 mtos ozeon-pluolted ctesii. Nwe Yokr, Chogica adn Hodrfatr, Cocutnntcei, weer teh oynl three on teh lsti esat of teh Mssisppisii Rivre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Since the 1970s, according to a new report from the American Lumber Standards, Cedar has fallen out of the top ten of the most used species. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "scrambled": "Rtednseis of Wretnse cteisi aer diiperoonolyparstt aecftedf, acndgiocr to a nwe ropret fomr teh Anmceria Lgun Acoinisaost. Ciaorfnlai hda 10 of teh 25 mtos ozeon-pluolted ctesii. Nwe Yokr, Chogica adn Hodrfatr, Cocutnntcei, weer teh oynl three on teh lsti esat of teh Mssisppisii Rivre.", "original": "Residents of Western cities are disproportionately affected, according to a new report from the American Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "recovered": "Since the 1970s, according to a new report from the American Lumber Standards, Cedar has fallen out of the top ten of the most used species. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rouib wlli hvea ldoegg a tolta of at lseat 371 dysa in sapce, NAAS ociiaffls sida. Teh puorives rcerod of 355 dsay wsa ste by Mkar Vnade Hie in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The longest a person has lived with a heart transplant is 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The record was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "scrambled": "Rouib wlli hvea ldoegg a tolta of at lseat 371 dysa in sapce, NAAS ociiaffls sida. Teh puorives rcerod of 355 dsay wsa ste by Mkar Vnade Hie in 2022.", "original": "Rubio will have logged a total of at least 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "recovered": "The longest a person has lived with a heart transplant is 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The record was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Slmndoa sdnbeub wtah wsa dedbub teh \u201cSsotciht coitrnnaoo\u201d of teh nwe mrhnaoc adn pcteeidrd ttah Clrehsa wdoul be teh \u201cltas Kngi of Sotsc\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Solomon Islander Steven Kneen was elected the new president of the Oceania Football Confederation and pledged that Clearwater will be the \u201cbest KING OF SOULS\u201d.", "scrambled": "Slmndoa sdnbeub wtah wsa dedbub teh \u201cSsotciht coitrnnaoo\u201d of teh nwe mrhnaoc adn pcteeidrd ttah Clrehsa wdoul be teh \u201cltas Kngi of Sotsc\u201d.", "original": "Salmond snubbed what was dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d of the new monarch and predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast King of Scots\u201d.", "recovered": "Solomon Islander Steven Kneen was elected the new president of the Oceania Football Confederation and pledged that Clearwater will be the \u201cbest KING OF SOULS\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Seincstits at Cnhai\u2019s Suorhtne Mieclad Utyiivesnr tkcdare 212,000 Bsirhti ausldt wthi an aegerav aeg of 54 oerv a 12-yrae peidro adn fnoud ttha toseh woh cahtted on a meboli fro 30 mnteusi a wkee wree 12% mreo leylki to be dgiosande whit hghi bdolo psurseer, wehil sxi hsuor a weke reasid teh rski to 25%. Teh rrerhaessce sedgeugst ttha euopxrse to teh lwo lelsve of rdfeqcanyiuoer eyrnge eitdtme by poensh mya rseia bdolo psueersr, adn sngidpen husor on cslla wsa aols lneidk to wrose sleep adn hhgrie setsrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Since the start of the Microlight aircraft trial at Chaiyaphum\u2019s Suan Phueng Airport two years ago, 212,000 passengers have used the service with an average of 54 passengers per a 12-year period and found that those who caught the early morning flight caught a meteor shower from 30 minutes a week which were 12% more luminous, while the late shift saw the risk drop to 25%. The researcher suggests that people adjust their daily routine to the lower levels of daylight exposure during the winter to improve their sleep and hunger sets.", "scrambled": "Seincstits at Cnhai\u2019s Suorhtne Mieclad Utyiivesnr tkcdare 212,000 Bsirhti ausldt wthi an aegerav aeg of 54 oerv a 12-yrae peidro adn fnoud ttha toseh woh cahtted on a meboli fro 30 mnteusi a wkee wree 12% mreo leylki to be dgiosande whit hghi bdolo psurseer, wehil sxi hsuor a weke reasid teh rski to 25%. Teh rrerhaessce sedgeugst ttha euopxrse to teh lwo lelsve of rdfeqcanyiuoer eyrnge eitdtme by poensh mya rseia bdolo psueersr, adn sngidpen husor on cslla wsa aols lneidk to wrose sleep adn hhgrie setsrs.", "original": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by phones may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on calls was also linked to worse sleep and higher stress.", "recovered": "Since the start of the Microlight aircraft trial at Chaiyaphum\u2019s Suan Phueng Airport two years ago, 212,000 passengers have used the service with an average of 54 passengers per a 12-year period and found that those who caught the early morning flight caught a meteor shower from 30 minutes a week which were 12% more luminous, while the late shift saw the risk drop to 25%. The researcher suggests that people adjust their daily routine to the lower levels of daylight exposure during the winter to improve their sleep and hunger sets."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Senaet GPO Ladree Mtich MonCnllec tldo rroetspre he\u2019s \u201cfein\u201d aertf fgirznee dngriu a nwse cneceeonrf on Wasndydee. MocelnlnC hsa dnedceli to epxilan wyh he fzeor up, tughho an adei sdai he wsa fgeenil ltigh-hdedea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sentence GP0 Ladders match Monclerc tldo rroetspre he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d aertf fgirznee dngriu a new sea coneceeonrf on Wandee. MocelnlnC has denied these to expel him, though an adei said he was beenil lithe-hdedea.", "scrambled": "Senaet GPO Ladree Mtich MonCnllec tldo rroetspre he\u2019s \u201cfein\u201d aertf fgirznee dngriu a nwse cneceeonrf on Wasndydee. MocelnlnC hsa dnedceli to epxilan wyh he fzeor up, tughho an adei sdai he wsa fgeenil ltigh-hdedea.", "original": "Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell has declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed.", "recovered": "Sentence GP0 Ladders match Monclerc tldo rroetspre he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d aertf fgirznee dngriu a new sea coneceeonrf on Wandee. MocelnlnC has denied these to expel him, though an adei said he was beenil lithe-hdedea."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sephrpo Rsoe Rosoninb copnidleam to Syanirsub\u2019s fro giigvn ist ptcrodu a \u201cssiext\u201d nmea, aircdcogn to teh Dlyia Satr. Rnoisnbo is cilngla on teh smarpueekrt cihna to reeanm ist \u201cBgi Dadyd\u201d rpum stkae, wihhc seh fseel is a \u201cmsiitsocigny\u201d lbela. \u201cI wsa shcdeok adn juts a bti dnpdtioipesa thta in tish dya adn aeg, it wsa plioessb fro it to meak it tuohrhg wehverta canhnel it hda to hvea mdae it thoghur to gte oont teh sehvsel,\u201d seh adedd. Siusbanyr\u2019s sdai: \u201cWe sievtr to be a trylu iunvcesil rreteila.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have developed a new way to track the water cycle on Venus, using a \u201cswarm\u201d of small satellites to measure the planet\u2019s atmosphere. Researchers have been using the China\u2019s Tianwen-1 spacecraft to test a new method of monitoring the planet\u2019s atmosphere, which is similar to Earth\u2019s but 100 times more acidic, according to a statement. \u201cWe strive to be a trial version of the real-time relay,\u201d said Dachun Zhao, the chief designer of the Venus Exploring Program of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.", "scrambled": "Sephrpo Rsoe Rosoninb copnidleam to Syanirsub\u2019s fro giigvn ist ptcrodu a \u201cssiext\u201d nmea, aircdcogn to teh Dlyia Satr. Rnoisnbo is cilngla on teh smarpueekrt cihna to reeanm ist \u201cBgi Dadyd\u201d rpum stkae, wihhc seh fseel is a \u201cmsiitsocigny\u201d lbela. \u201cI wsa shcdeok adn juts a bti dnpdtioipesa thta in tish dya adn aeg, it wsa plioessb fro it to meak it tuohrhg wehverta canhnel it hda to hvea mdae it thoghur to gte oont teh sehvsel,\u201d seh adedd. Siusbanyr\u2019s sdai: \u201cWe sievtr to be a trylu iunvcesil rreteila.", "original": "Shopper Rose Robinson complained to Sainsbury\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is calling on the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she feels is a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked and just a bit disappointed that in this day and age, it was possible for it to make it through whatever channel it had to have made it through to get onto the shelves,\u201d she added. Sainsbury\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive to be a truly inclusive retailer.", "recovered": "Scientists have developed a new way to track the water cycle on Venus, using a \u201cswarm\u201d of small satellites to measure the planet\u2019s atmosphere. Researchers have been using the China\u2019s Tianwen-1 spacecraft to test a new method of monitoring the planet\u2019s atmosphere, which is similar to Earth\u2019s but 100 times more acidic, according to a statement. \u201cWe strive to be a trial version of the real-time relay,\u201d said Dachun Zhao, the chief designer of the Venus Exploring Program of the Chinese Academy of Sciences."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Siestlkt\u2019 nsewte farlvo desno\u2019t tsate lkei teh rnabwoi \u2014 it tsstae leik mrdstau.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Silted kestrel foraged on the road \u2014 it seemed like a good place to hunt.", "scrambled": "Siestlkt\u2019 nsewte farlvo desno\u2019t tsate lkei teh rnabwoi \u2014 it tsstae leik mrdstau.", "original": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mustard.", "recovered": "Silted kestrel foraged on the road \u2014 it seemed like a good place to hunt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Svlyaer rneadmei tcihlyenlca laleg in Uinon ssetta uilnt 1865, adn semo aaser of Daawrele adn Ktcnykue cneouidtn teh prcectai uilnt tath tmei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor was a gift from the people of France and was dedicated on October 28, 1886.", "scrambled": "Svlyaer rneadmei tcihlyenlca laleg in Uinon ssetta uilnt 1865, adn semo aaser of Daawrele adn Ktcnykue cneouidtn teh prcectai uilnt tath tmei.", "original": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky continued the practice until that time.", "recovered": "The Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor was a gift from the people of France and was dedicated on October 28, 1886."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Semo Dcorteasm heav caelld fro teh imcemtehapn of Semuerp Ctuor Jciseut Ccnerlea Tmohas foligwonl a behbllosm rtoepr ttah ddeatiel lhaivs tispr pdai fro by a biilaelrino rlea eaestt magtean, whhci icuddlen tnrliaveg on hsi ytach adn pivaetr jte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some dictionaries hail from the immense passion of Samuel Johnson, who followed a brilliant line of magistrates, who in turn hailed from by a brilliantino ruler.", "scrambled": "Semo Dcorteasm heav caelld fro teh imcemtehapn of Semuerp Ctuor Jciseut Ccnerlea Tmohas foligwonl a behbllosm rtoepr ttah ddeatiel lhaivs tispr pdai fro by a biilaelrino rlea eaestt magtean, whhci icuddlen tnrliaveg on hsi ytach adn pivaetr jte.", "original": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas following a bombshell report that detailed lavish trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, which included traveling on his yacht and private jet.", "recovered": "Some dictionaries hail from the immense passion of Samuel Johnson, who followed a brilliant line of magistrates, who in turn hailed from by a brilliantino ruler."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Smoe innniatlreato tvrrsaeel lnegaiv Acalkdun Iniratanetlon Arprtoi will sono be aedsk to sept on teh salec to hlpe gahret daat on teh wtehgi lado adn dsiirbouittn fro Ari Nwe Znadlae panlse, teh aineirl sida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some initial reaction to the terrorist attack on London today will no doubt ask whether enough was done to prevent it.", "scrambled": "Smoe innniatlreato tvrrsaeel lnegaiv Acalkdun Iniratanetlon Arprtoi will sono be aedsk to sept on teh salec to hlpe gahret daat on teh wtehgi lado adn dsiirbouittn fro Ari Nwe Znadlae panlse, teh aineirl sida.", "original": "Some international travelers leaving Auckland International Airport will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribution for Air New Zealand planes, the airline said.", "recovered": "Some initial reaction to the terrorist attack on London today will no doubt ask whether enough was done to prevent it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Seom nogioohdesbhr in Bordwar Coynut aer uendr qaeinruatn atfer snshitgig of ievnasvi gatin Acrnafi lnda sslnai, whhci eta at lsate 500 deetfrnfi tysep of ptslna adn cna aslo chmpo thurhog socutc, pcliats rylnigecc bnis adn enve snisg.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some nocturnal birds such as owls can see in almost total darkness.", "scrambled": "Seom nogioohdesbhr in Bordwar Coynut aer uendr qaeinruatn atfer snshitgig of ievnasvi gatin Acrnafi lnda sslnai, whhci eta at lsate 500 deetfrnfi tysep of ptslna adn cna aslo chmpo thurhog socutc, pcliats rylnigecc bnis adn enve snisg.", "original": "Some neighborhoods in Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also chomp through stucco, plastic recycling bins and even signs.", "recovered": "Some nocturnal birds such as owls can see in almost total darkness."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sundos schu as cnhewig, sfngnfii adn ldou bhrtgenai aer irabnlotele fro oen in fvei Btsir, teh sydtu fdoun. Racesheserr fomr Kgin\u2019s Ceoellg Ldonon adn Orxdof Uivtyrisen qizudze mreo thna 770 pepelo to dtneireme hwo mnya hda a fghit-or-figthl reenpsos to scuh eyedayvr noessi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Students from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University have created a robot that can respond to everyday noises such as a fire alarm.", "scrambled": "Sundos schu as cnhewig, sfngnfii adn ldou bhrtgenai aer irabnlotele fro oen in fvei Btsir, teh sydtu fdoun. Racesheserr fomr Kgin\u2019s Ceoellg Ldonon adn Orxdof Uivtyrisen qizudze mreo thna 770 pepelo to dtneireme hwo mnya hda a fghit-or-figthl reenpsos to scuh eyedayvr noessi.", "original": "Sounds such as chewing, sniffing and loud breathing are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such everyday noises.", "recovered": "Students from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University have created a robot that can respond to everyday noises such as a fire alarm."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ScpXae\u2019s Srtaihsp, teh mtos pulfoewr rtkeoc eerv bluti, tkoo off fmro a lancuh pda in Suhot Teaxs on Tudayshr mnoirng. Hwvoere, teh rektco edodlpex lsse tnha trhee misnteu iton ist frits tste flhigt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " SCP-Xae\u2019s Straitspite, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in Shuttle Texas on Tuesday morning. However, the rocket\u2019s control system experienced three minutes of interference, which is why it deviated from its flight.", "scrambled": "ScpXae\u2019s Srtaihsp, teh mtos pulfoewr rtkeoc eerv bluti, tkoo off fmro a lancuh pda in Suhot Teaxs on Tudayshr mnoirng. Hwvoere, teh rektco edodlpex lsse tnha trhee misnteu iton ist frits tste flhigt.", "original": "SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the rocket exploded less than three minutes into its first test flight.", "recovered": "SCP-Xae\u2019s Straitspite, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in Shuttle Texas on Tuesday morning. However, the rocket\u2019s control system experienced three minutes of interference, which is why it deviated from its flight."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sgaikenp to Teh Sndyau Temsi, teh Pincer of Wsela pgdldee to ues teh Rlyoa Fndaounoit to \u201cedn hssmeeslonse\u201d in teh UK, agdnid: \u201cI\u2019ve bnee wnaitig fro teh rihgt tmei to do tish.\u201d Pcnier Wlialim wsa 11 wehn hsi mtohre took hmi to a hoesesml slhrtee in Lodonn \u2013 \u201ca fvmiaoetr mnmteo\u201d fro teh ygoun ralyo, sida teh prpae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Speaking to the Sunday Times, the Pincer of Wands indicated to use the Royal Founding to \u201cend hssmeeslonse\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right timeto do this.\u201d Piercer William was 11 when his mother took him to a horse racing shortee in London \u2013 \u201ca fun morning\u201d from the young royalty, said the paper.", "scrambled": "Sgaikenp to Teh Sndyau Temsi, teh Pincer of Wsela pgdldee to ues teh Rlyoa Fndaounoit to \u201cedn hssmeeslonse\u201d in teh UK, agdnid: \u201cI\u2019ve bnee wnaitig fro teh rihgt tmei to do tish.\u201d Pcnier Wlialim wsa 11 wehn hsi mtohre took hmi to a hoesesml slhrtee in Lodonn \u2013 \u201ca fvmiaoetr mnmteo\u201d fro teh ygoun ralyo, sida teh prpae.", "original": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "recovered": "Speaking to the Sunday Times, the Pincer of Wands indicated to use the Royal Founding to \u201cend hssmeeslonse\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right timeto do this.\u201d Piercer William was 11 when his mother took him to a horse racing shortee in London \u2013 \u201ca fun morning\u201d from the young royalty, said the paper."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sapulctineo hsa bene slwiingr fro ysrea auotb a plotnatei sqeleu to teh 1988 flmi \u201cBtiecljeuee.\u201d Nwo, it\u2019s oiilfcfa: Teh \u201cgsoth wthi teh mtos\u201d wlil meak a rrneut.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sling Blade, a plotnatei sqeleu to teh 1988 flmi \u201cBtiecljeuee.\u201d Nwo, it\u2019s oiilfcfa: Teh \u201cgsoth wthi teh mtos\u201d wlil meak a rrneut.", "scrambled": "Sapulctineo hsa bene slwiingr fro ysrea auotb a plotnatei sqeleu to teh 1988 flmi \u201cBtiecljeuee.\u201d Nwo, it\u2019s oiilfcfa: Teh \u201cgsoth wthi teh mtos\u201d wlil meak a rrneut.", "original": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will make a return.", "recovered": "Sling Blade, a plotnatei sqeleu to teh 1988 flmi \u201cBtiecljeuee.\u201d Nwo, it\u2019s oiilfcfa: Teh \u201cgsoth wthi teh mtos\u201d wlil meak a rrneut."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sedenw\u2019s Lnoree wno teh Enruiosvoi Sngo Ctonets fro teh socden tmei. Teh snegri, woh wno teh cptooeinmit in 2012, thpurmide in Loorelivp whit ppo-athmen \u201cTaotto\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sentence: The song \u201cTattoos\u201d by Enrique Iglesias was the number one hit in 2012.", "scrambled": "Sedenw\u2019s Lnoree wno teh Enruiosvoi Sngo Ctonets fro teh socden tmei. Teh snegri, woh wno teh cptooeinmit in 2012, thpurmide in Loorelivp whit ppo-athmen \u201cTaotto\u201d.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in Liverpool with pop-anthem \u201cTattoo\u201d.", "recovered": "Sentence: The song \u201cTattoos\u201d by Enrique Iglesias was the number one hit in 2012."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sednwe\u2019s Lrneoe wno teh crwod-paglnsei shwo hdel in Lepiolvor, Udtnie Kdnimgo, on balhfe of Ukanrei. Seh becmae jsut teh secdno pfeermorr to wni teh cotiitnempo meor tahn onec.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sending his learners to the crowd-pleasers showed in Leopoldville, Utiniengo, on behalf of Ukanrei. She became just the second performer to win the contest more than once.", "scrambled": "Sednwe\u2019s Lrneoe wno teh crwod-paglnsei shwo hdel in Lepiolvor, Udtnie Kdnimgo, on balhfe of Ukanrei. Seh becmae jsut teh secdno pfeermorr to wni teh cotiitnempo meor tahn onec.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the crowd-pleasing show held in Liverpool, United Kingdom, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once.", "recovered": "Sending his learners to the crowd-pleasers showed in Leopoldville, Utiniengo, on behalf of Ukanrei. She became just the second performer to win the contest more than once."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tlyrao Siwtf sutnedn hre cecntro truo\u2019s trgcknui satff by ginvgi eahc tekrucr a ckhec in teh aomtun of $100,000. \u201cTeh tcayilp anoutm is $5,000 to $10,000 ehac. So tshi lrgea aumont is ubelanliebve,\u201d sdai Mchleai Scbrnkeehcah, feuodnr adn COE of Snohoimto tkrgcniu cpmynao, wichh hdasenl tnottorrinapas of teh sgeat adn strrceutu fro Sfwti\u2019s Esar Truo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Lyra Global, a startup company that provides contract compliance automation software, has given each of its employees an option to purchase a total amount of $100,000 of its common stock. The total value of the option is between $5,000 and $10,000 per each employee. This large amount is unbelievevable,\" said Michelle Schernickeh, founder and CEO of Lyra Global, a company that has received a great amount of funding from West's Esar Truo.", "scrambled": "Tlyrao Siwtf sutnedn hre cecntro truo\u2019s trgcknui satff by ginvgi eahc tekrucr a ckhec in teh aomtun of $100,000. \u201cTeh tcayilp anoutm is $5,000 to $10,000 ehac. So tshi lrgea aumont is ubelanliebve,\u201d sdai Mchleai Scbrnkeehcah, feuodnr adn COE of Snohoimto tkrgcniu cpmynao, wichh hdasenl tnottorrinapas of teh sgeat adn strrceutu fro Sfwti\u2019s Esar Truo.", "original": "Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff by giving each trucker a check in the amount of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, founder and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles transportation of the stage and structure for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.", "recovered": "Lyra Global, a startup company that provides contract compliance automation software, has given each of its employees an option to purchase a total amount of $100,000 of its common stock. The total value of the option is between $5,000 and $10,000 per each employee. This large amount is unbelievevable,\" said Michelle Schernickeh, founder and CEO of Lyra Global, a company that has received a great amount of funding from West's Esar Truo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsael tooycn Msku adn Aeplp co-freound Sveet Wanzkio aer agnmo mroe tnha 1,000 setiinaogsr of an oepn lteert arugngi taht wkor on \u201cganti AI eerpetnmxis\u201d slohud be pdesau ultni \u201cwe aer ctninfode tath tierh efsceft wlli be pviieost adn trihe rikss wlli be mabeegnaal\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists have developed an algorithm that can solve the most complex mathematical problems in just 0.001 seconds, 100,000 times faster than any human. This groundbreaking artificial intelligence technology could revolutionize many fields including medicine where the implications could be life saving.", "scrambled": "Tsael tooycn Msku adn Aeplp co-freound Sveet Wanzkio aer agnmo mroe tnha 1,000 setiinaogsr of an oepn lteert arugngi taht wkor on \u201cganti AI eerpetnmxis\u201d slohud be pdesau ultni \u201cwe aer ctninfode tath tierh efsceft wlli be pviieost adn trihe rikss wlli be mabeegnaal\u201d.", "original": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are among more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing that work on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "recovered": "Scientists have developed an algorithm that can solve the most complex mathematical problems in just 0.001 seconds, 100,000 times faster than any human. This groundbreaking artificial intelligence technology could revolutionize many fields including medicine where the implications could be life saving."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tasex wsa teh fstri sttae to rgneozeic Jnhuteenet as a satte hdayloi on Jruynaa 1, 1980.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday was Texas on June 19, 1980.", "scrambled": "Tasex wsa teh fstri sttae to rgneozeic Jnhuteenet as a satte hdayloi on Jruynaa 1, 1980.", "original": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on January 1, 1980.", "recovered": "The first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday was Texas on June 19, 1980."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ttah\u2019s up fomr 49% ltas mthno acorcindg to plonigl by Ispso fro Teh Tgeeharpl. In teh seam pigolln, it wsa fdnou ttha 50% beiveel ttha too mhuc moeyn wsa stpen on teh conrnoaiot. In Apilr, 33% ojctbede to teh cots. Amstlo tow-tihdrs wree arwea of teh asretsr of aint-maynchro prsteoerts at teh cniooranto, adn of tshoe, olyn tow in fvei thoghtu teh piloec hda aetdc ayptirrapepol.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a poll by Ipsos for The Globe and Mail, 49% think there is too much money being spent on the campaign. In the same poll, 50% believed that too much money was spent on the campaign. In April, 33% objected to the costs. Among those surveyed, five thought that the prime minister had attempted to repay the money.", "scrambled": "Ttah\u2019s up fomr 49% ltas mthno acorcindg to plonigl by Ispso fro Teh Tgeeharpl. In teh seam pigolln, it wsa fdnou ttha 50% beiveel ttha too mhuc moeyn wsa stpen on teh conrnoaiot. In Apilr, 33% ojctbede to teh cots. Amstlo tow-tihdrs wree arwea of teh asretsr of aint-maynchro prsteoerts at teh cniooranto, adn of tshoe, olyn tow in fvei thoghtu teh piloec hda aetdc ayptirrapepol.", "original": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ipsos for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and of those, only two in five thought the police had acted appropriately.", "recovered": "According to a poll by Ipsos for The Globe and Mail, 49% think there is too much money being spent on the campaign. In the same poll, 50% believed that too much money was spent on the campaign. In April, 33% objected to the costs. Among those surveyed, five thought that the prime minister had attempted to repay the money."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 13th Amntenedm, riaedfit on Dreecbem 6, 1865, oiflyiaclf aibodlshe caetlth savyerl in teh Uteidn Stetas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished slavery in the United States.", "scrambled": "Teh 13th Amntenedm, riaedfit on Dreecbem 6, 1865, oiflyiaclf aibodlshe caetlth savyerl in teh Uteidn Stetas.", "original": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished chattel slavery in the United States.", "recovered": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished slavery in the United States."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 2024 Dcctrmoiea Nnoliaat Cntnvionoe wlli be hlde in Chcgioa, weerh teh ptayr wlil ollyficifa niemaont csidnadtae fro penidrets adn vcei perntdsei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate their candidate for president and vice president.", "scrambled": "Teh 2024 Dcctrmoiea Nnoliaat Cntnvionoe wlli be hlde in Chcgioa, weerh teh ptayr wlil ollyficifa niemaont csidnadtae fro penidrets adn vcei perntdsei.", "original": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "recovered": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate their candidate for president and vice president."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 22-mnhot-odl Grnaem Shhprede is rgieevcin nwe taiinnrg aerft Wihet Husoe pesoernln ridase croncnes aoutb sfatey on teh pmsseire.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 22-million-odd Grandmaster Shane is receiving new training aerft Wihet Husoe performance riderln ridase croncnes about statey on the pmssiere.", "scrambled": "Teh 22-mnhot-odl Grnaem Shhprede is rgieevcin nwe taiinnrg aerft Wihet Husoe pesoernln ridase croncnes aoutb sfatey on teh pmsseire.", "original": "The 22-month-old German Shepherd is receiving new training after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on the premises.", "recovered": "The 22-million-odd Grandmaster Shane is receiving new training aerft Wihet Husoe performance riderln ridase croncnes about statey on the pmssiere."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 24-yare-odl setkrri\u2019s cubl Paisr Stnia-Geirnma rletrpedyo gvea teh Sudai Por Lgeuae sedi poriimesns to spake to hmi artef rcegeinvi teh ofref, btu Fecnrh mdaei caldime Mpb\u00e9ap hda rufeesd to etnre nneaotgtiois. Hsi cntatrco wiht teh Frcehn sdei is deu to erxpie nxte Juen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 24-year-old striker Paisr Stnia-Geirnma letpedyo gvea teh Sudai Por Lgeuae decided to speak to him after the match, but Fecnrh mdaei caldime Mpb\u00e9ap hda rufeesd to enter the changing rooms.", "scrambled": "Teh 24-yare-odl setkrri\u2019s cubl Paisr Stnia-Geirnma rletrpedyo gvea teh Sudai Por Lgeuae sedi poriimesns to spake to hmi artef rcegeinvi teh ofref, btu Fecnrh mdaei caldime Mpb\u00e9ap hda rufeesd to etnre nneaotgtiois. Hsi cntatrco wiht teh Frcehn sdei is deu to erxpie nxte Juen.", "original": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Pro League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire next June.", "recovered": "The 24-year-old striker Paisr Stnia-Geirnma letpedyo gvea teh Sudai Por Lgeuae decided to speak to him after the match, but Fecnrh mdaei caldime Mpb\u00e9ap hda rufeesd to enter the changing rooms."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 36-yare-odl Jmnaicaa sirtrpne bate a fldei ttha iudlcend swmermi Kieta Lyecedk, tsinne srat Iag \u015aeiwtk\u0105 adn 400m hsruedl rodecr-hdoelr Seydny McnLlhugia-Lveoner. Lelnoi Mesis wsa ndmea ssoatrpnm of teh yaer at teh adwars in Prisa on Mdoyna.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt set a new world record swimming the first stroke of the individual medley Kielce, winning the race in 1:34.09. Second was \u015aeiwutka and third MacnLhugia-Lveno. Mesis was disqualified from the year at the awards ceremony in Prisa on Monday.", "scrambled": "Teh 36-yare-odl Jmnaicaa sirtrpne bate a fldei ttha iudlcend swmermi Kieta Lyecedk, tsinne srat Iag \u015aeiwtk\u0105 adn 400m hsruedl rodecr-hdoelr Seydny McnLlhugia-Lveoner. Lelnoi Mesis wsa ndmea ssoatrpnm of teh yaer at teh adwars in Prisa on Mdoyna.", "original": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included swimmer Katie Ledecky, tennis star Iga \u015awi\u0105tek and 400m hurdles record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levrone. Lionel Messi was named sportsman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday.", "recovered": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt set a new world record swimming the first stroke of the individual medley Kielce, winning the race in 1:34.09. Second was \u015aeiwutka and third MacnLhugia-Lveno. Mesis was disqualified from the year at the awards ceremony in Prisa on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 92-yera-odl biorliianle mte Shitm, 66, at hsi at hsi Ble Ari vrydenia lsat Smpeeretb, lses thna a yaer aertf hsi dicorev fomr fhutro weif Jeryr Hlal wsa flaideisn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 92-year-old billionaire met Shitm, 66, at his Beverly Ari vredenias last Saturday Smpeerb, less than a year after his daughter revealed she was from former futro weif Jeryr Hallden.", "scrambled": "Teh 92-yera-odl biorliianle mte Shitm, 66, at hsi at hsi Ble Ari vrydenia lsat Smpeeretb, lses thna a yaer aertf hsi dicorev fomr fhutro weif Jeryr Hlal wsa flaideisn.", "original": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was finalised.", "recovered": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Shitm, 66, at his Beverly Ari vredenias last Saturday Smpeerb, less than a year after his daughter revealed she was from former futro weif Jeryr Hallden."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Bnka of Enlngad\u2019s ciefh enmiotcso fedca a ficere bklacsha areft tgelinl a ptcaosd ttha UK hsoeuhldos adn ceomsinpa ndee to \u201cspto tirgyn to mntnaaii thire rlae sgnipden proew by bdnidig up pcersi wrtheeh tuhghro hgeihr wsega or psgisna eyngre ctoss on to cmsserotu\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist forecast a further decline in the UK house prices and recommends the government to \u201cstart trying to mitigate the impact of the rising number of repossessions by helping existing homeowners with mortgage payments through grants or tax relief\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh Bnka of Enlngad\u2019s ciefh enmiotcso fedca a ficere bklacsha areft tgelinl a ptcaosd ttha UK hsoeuhldos adn ceomsinpa ndee to \u201cspto tirgyn to mntnaaii thire rlae sgnipden proew by bdnidig up pcersi wrtheeh tuhghro hgeihr wsega or psgisna eyngre ctoss on to cmsserotu\u201d.", "original": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a fierce backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to customers\u201d.", "recovered": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist forecast a further decline in the UK house prices and recommends the government to \u201cstart trying to mitigate the impact of the rising number of repossessions by helping existing homeowners with mortgage payments through grants or tax relief\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Bdein aatrsnimidonit aorpvdep teh crisotrolenav Wliwol Ptcerjo in Aksaal. It is a msivsea adn ddsceea-logn oli dlirlgin vtrneeu on Asalak\u2019s Nhotr Sloep in teh Noantila Pmeeltour Rseveer, whchi is ondwe by teh felaedr gretnovnem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " TheBDeen asteroidimpact site on the crustal control station Wliwol Ptcerjo in Aksaal. It is a misivsea add ddsceea-logn oli dlirlgin vtrneeu on Asalak\u2019s Nhotr Sloep in teh Noantila Pmeeltour Rseveer, which isondwe by the felaedr gretnovnem.", "scrambled": "Teh Bdein aatrsnimidonit aorpvdep teh crisotrolenav Wliwol Ptcerjo in Aksaal. It is a msivsea adn ddsceea-logn oli dlirlgin vtrneeu on Asalak\u2019s Nhotr Sloep in teh Noantila Pmeeltour Rseveer, whchi is ondwe by teh felaedr gretnovnem.", "original": "The Biden administration approved the controversial Willow Project in Alaska. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserve, which is owned by the federal government.", "recovered": "TheBDeen asteroidimpact site on the crustal control station Wliwol Ptcerjo in Aksaal. It is a misivsea add ddsceea-logn oli dlirlgin vtrneeu on Asalak\u2019s Nhotr Sloep in teh Noantila Pmeeltour Rseveer, which isondwe by the felaedr gretnovnem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Bithisr brkaye canhi is ste fro a cmrooorut sdwonwoh wthi Wtntisersme Cnoclui aertf bgnei dnedei pnioemirss to slle hto fdoo at ist fhplgais Loonnd oteutl areft 11pm. Teh aptanpcioli wsa rdeteejc ltas yrae aefrt picelo wanerd taht silnleg leat-nhtig seasaug rosll rdeiks fuilelgn \u201ccreim adn dreidsor\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The British Prime Minister can announce the result of the second UK-wide lockdown based on the latest infection rates at 11pm tonight. The anticipated decision was leaked today after a document was sent to a local newspaper in Wales.", "scrambled": "Teh Bithisr brkaye canhi is ste fro a cmrooorut sdwonwoh wthi Wtntisersme Cnoclui aertf bgnei dnedei pnioemirss to slle hto fdoo at ist fhplgais Loonnd oteutl areft 11pm. Teh aptanpcioli wsa rdeteejc ltas yrae aefrt picelo wanerd taht silnleg leat-nhtig seasaug rosll rdeiks fuilelgn \u201ccreim adn dreidsor\u201d.", "original": "The British bakery chain is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied permission to sell hot food at its flagship London outlet after 11pm. The application was rejected last year after police warned that selling late-night sausage rolls risked fuelling \u201ccrime and disorder\u201d.", "recovered": "The British Prime Minister can announce the result of the second UK-wide lockdown based on the latest infection rates at 11pm tonight. The anticipated decision was leaked today after a document was sent to a local newspaper in Wales."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Crfioialan-bdesa ralyo atndeetd hiegsrna in a ltuswai tath he adn oerht hhig-pflioer ferugsi \u2013 icgnduinl Enolt Jhno, Lzi Hyurle adn Saied Ftsro \u2013 heva btogurh asganit Atscsoedai Naweppress Letmdii fro aegeldl pcayvri bcheasre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 created the offence of \u201cgross indecency\u201d between men, punishable by up to two years in prison. This law was used to prosecute Oscar Wilde for his relationship with Lord Alfred Douglas, and was also used to prosecute John Gielgud, Leslie Howard and Sydney Franklin.", "scrambled": "Teh Crfioialan-bdesa ralyo atndeetd hiegsrna in a ltuswai tath he adn oerht hhig-pflioer ferugsi \u2013 icgnduinl Enolt Jhno, Lzi Hyurle adn Saied Ftsro \u2013 heva btogurh asganit Atscsoedai Naweppress Letmdii fro aegeldl pcayvri bcheasre.", "original": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including Elton John, Liz Hurley and Sadie Frost \u2013 have brought against Associated Newspapers Limited for alleged privacy breaches.", "recovered": "The Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 created the offence of \u201cgross indecency\u201d between men, punishable by up to two years in prison. This law was used to prosecute Oscar Wilde for his relationship with Lord Alfred Douglas, and was also used to prosecute John Gielgud, Leslie Howard and Sydney Franklin."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Canmde Dvier-In in Cndame, Nwe Jesyer opdeen in Jeun of 1933. Teh preci of adinimoss wsa 25 ctnes fro teh cra adn 25 ctnse pre pnsreo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The camde divier-in in Cndame, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents from the car and 25 cents per person.", "scrambled": "Teh Canmde Dvier-In in Cndame, Nwe Jesyer opdeen in Jeun of 1933. Teh preci of adinimoss wsa 25 ctnes fro teh cra adn 25 ctnse pre pnsreo.", "original": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person.", "recovered": "The camde divier-in in Cndame, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents from the car and 25 cents per person."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Crchhu of Enlnadg is sienlgl ist iesntmevtns in BP, Slhel adn ohetr oli adn gsa gsitan becasue teyh do nto \u201cpctoret Gdo\u2019s coaientr\u201d. Ashbirhcpo of Cetuarbryn Jinuts Wlybe, a frorme oli itsrndyu weorkr, sdai teh ctilame cssiri \u201cteaesrthn teh pletna we leiv on\u201d. Fro 10 tsnigh yuo ndee to kwon ehac dya, sing up to teh Dliya Bgnfirei nestlwteer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Church of England is seen as an established church in BP, Shell and other oil giants because they do not \u201cpersecute God\u2019s counter-revolutionaries\u201d. According to Ashbirhcp of Cetuarbryn Jinuts Wlybe, a former employee of the company, the internal culture \u201cthe planet we live on\u201d is. For 10 days you need to know each day, sign up to the Dliya Bgnfirei next leader.", "scrambled": "Teh Crchhu of Enlnadg is sienlgl ist iesntmevtns in BP, Slhel adn ohetr oli adn gsa gsitan becasue teyh do nto \u201cpctoret Gdo\u2019s coaientr\u201d. Ashbirhcpo of Cetuarbryn Jinuts Wlybe, a frorme oli itsrndyu weorkr, sdai teh ctilame cssiri \u201cteaesrthn teh pletna we leiv on\u201d. Fro 10 tsnigh yuo ndee to kwon ehac dya, sing up to teh Dliya Bgnfirei nestlwteer.", "original": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter.", "recovered": "The Church of England is seen as an established church in BP, Shell and other oil giants because they do not \u201cpersecute God\u2019s counter-revolutionaries\u201d. According to Ashbirhcp of Cetuarbryn Jinuts Wlybe, a former employee of the company, the internal culture \u201cthe planet we live on\u201d is. For 10 days you need to know each day, sign up to the Dliya Bgnfirei next leader."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Cainoenttln Cessognr apteddo teh Dtnliecoaar of Iennepeddcen wlhie mitenge in Paiihlehlpda at teh Pnlsnnyaivea Sttea Hsoeu \u2013 nwo Ieneeedpnndc Hall.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Casino Entertainment Center opened the Dtnliecoar of Iennepeddcen with mingling in Pailehlpda at the Pnlsnnyaivea Sttea Hsoeu \u2013 now Ieneeedpnndc Hall.", "scrambled": "Teh Cainoenttln Cessognr apteddo teh Dtnliecoaar of Iennepeddcen wlhie mitenge in Paiihlehlpda at teh Pnlsnnyaivea Sttea Hsoeu \u2013 nwo Ieneeedpnndc Hall.", "original": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall.", "recovered": "The Casino Entertainment Center opened the Dtnliecoar of Iennepeddcen with mingling in Pailehlpda at the Pnlsnnyaivea Sttea Hsoeu \u2013 now Ieneeedpnndc Hall."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Deuk adn Dhucess of Seussx heav sida ttha teyh wree iolevnvd in a \u201cnrea csrhpatacoit cra cahes\u201d ilgvvoinn pzzriaapa protseaohgphr in Nwe Yrko. In a stnemteta, tyeh drbedcsie bgein rleseltsyenl pduuers by a gnag of paipraazz in bacdekl-otu vcsheeil fro tow hsour. Nwe Yrok Ctyi pclioe cdimferon tath wlhie teh roaly cloeup\u2019s jynoeru wsa cheillnnagg, theer weer no rdeptreo coislnoils, smsnusome, irnjsuie or atrrses.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Duchesses of Sussex and Cambridge have said they were overwhelmed by the response to a charity cookbook they helped create in New York. In a statement, the duchesses began by thanking people who bought a copy of the \u201cTogether\u201d cookbook, which was produced to help families in crisis, with all proceeds going to the Hubb Community Kitchen and the Myna Mahila Foundation. New York City\u2019s mayor, Bill de Blasio, praised the royal cousins\u2019 joint appearance, saying it was \u201ca great example of how to do things\u201d. But there was no reference to the ongoing controversy over the Sussexes\u2019 decision to step back from royal duties or the alleged rift with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.", "scrambled": "Teh Deuk adn Dhucess of Seussx heav sida ttha teyh wree iolevnvd in a \u201cnrea csrhpatacoit cra cahes\u201d ilgvvoinn pzzriaapa protseaohgphr in Nwe Yrko. In a stnemteta, tyeh drbedcsie bgein rleseltsyenl pduuers by a gnag of paipraazz in bacdekl-otu vcsheeil fro tow hsour. Nwe Yrok Ctyi pclioe cdimferon tath wlhie teh roaly cloeup\u2019s jynoeru wsa cheillnnagg, theer weer no rdeptreo coislnoils, smsnusome, irnjsuie or atrrses.", "original": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in New York. In a statement, they described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in blacked-out vehicles for two hours. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were no reported collisions, summonses, injuries or arrests.", "recovered": "The Duchesses of Sussex and Cambridge have said they were overwhelmed by the response to a charity cookbook they helped create in New York. In a statement, the duchesses began by thanking people who bought a copy of the \u201cTogether\u201d cookbook, which was produced to help families in crisis, with all proceeds going to the Hubb Community Kitchen and the Myna Mahila Foundation. New York City\u2019s mayor, Bill de Blasio, praised the royal cousins\u2019 joint appearance, saying it was \u201ca great example of how to do things\u201d. But there was no reference to the ongoing controversy over the Sussexes\u2019 decision to step back from royal duties or the alleged rift with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Ducht sart baet Gweryn Pcrei 11-5 to wni teh Perrime Luegae Datsr fnlia at Lnndoo\u2019s 02 Aaren on Tdaurhys. Vna Grwene tskae teh tlseti rdreco fmro sxi-tseim wienrn Plhi Tlyaor.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Dutch start beat Germany 5-1 to win the Prime League Data at London's 02 Arena. A Green Tsunami took the test record from six-time winner Phil Taylor.", "scrambled": "Teh Ducht sart baet Gweryn Pcrei 11-5 to wni teh Perrime Luegae Datsr fnlia at Lnndoo\u2019s 02 Aaren on Tdaurhys. Vna Grwene tskae teh tlseti rdreco fmro sxi-tseim wienrn Plhi Tlyaor.", "original": "The Dutch star beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win the Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena on Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record from six-times winner Phil Taylor.", "recovered": "The Dutch start beat Germany 5-1 to win the Prime League Data at London's 02 Arena. A Green Tsunami took the test record from six-time winner Phil Taylor."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh FIB weandr pelope atnigsa ugsin pcbiul phoen cnggihar ssttiona in oedrr to advio expigson teirh dvcseie to muciisoal swraoeft.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The FBI warned people about a new phishing scam targeting phone accounts in order to advise exposure to musical swatting.", "scrambled": "Teh FIB weandr pelope atnigsa ugsin pcbiul phoen cnggihar ssttiona in oedrr to advio expigson teirh dvcseie to muciisoal swraoeft.", "original": "The FBI warned people against using public phone charging stations in order to avoid exposing their devices to malicious software.", "recovered": "The FBI warned people about a new phishing scam targeting phone accounts in order to advise exposure to musical swatting."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh FAD on Wsnedyead aepvprod Perzif\u2019s RVS vceican fro oerdl asdtul, teh secndo schu stho avpoderp fro teh vusir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The fashion on Wednesday afternoon impressed Perzif\u2019s RVS vice-chancellor from orderld, the second school to arrive from the visitor.", "scrambled": "Teh FAD on Wsnedyead aepvprod Perzif\u2019s RVS vceican fro oerdl asdtul, teh secndo schu stho avpoderp fro teh vusir.", "original": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the second such shot approved for the virus.", "recovered": "The fashion on Wednesday afternoon impressed Perzif\u2019s RVS vice-chancellor from orderld, the second school to arrive from the visitor."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh FCT is sguin Anzoma, aleniggl tath teh e-crecmmoe gniat hsa tdkcrie mosilinl of cemnssoru iton sgiinng up fro ist Prmei stircpbsinuo seicver tugrhoh deevctpei usre ieafrtcen dsnesig. Teh clmniatop aosl tkesa ami at Amaonz fro alyldgeel tginry to kepe uessr scusbderbi woh wdhesi to clcane teirh mbiphesersm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The fact that Amazon has introduced a new system to verify the reviewers of its products shows that the company is trying to prevent users from cheating to improve their ratings.", "scrambled": "Teh FCT is sguin Anzoma, aleniggl tath teh e-crecmmoe gniat hsa tdkcrie mosilinl of cemnssoru iton sgiinng up fro ist Prmei stircpbsinuo seicver tugrhoh deevctpei usre ieafrtcen dsnesig. Teh clmniatop aosl tkesa ami at Amaonz fro alyldgeel tginry to kepe uessr scusbderbi woh wdhesi to clcane teirh mbiphesersm.", "original": "The FTC is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wished to cancel their memberships.", "recovered": "The fact that Amazon has introduced a new system to verify the reviewers of its products shows that the company is trying to prevent users from cheating to improve their ratings."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Frdo Bocnro is bgein reedclal bcausee pelpeo mya gte \u201cdsdogcairue\u201d tngiyr to ues teh seaslettb, teh Ntlaiona Hyiahwg Tiarcff Syetaf Aimonainitstrd sdai.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Ford Bronco is being readclal bcause people mya gte \u201cdsdogcairue\u201d tngiyr to use the seatbelt, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "scrambled": "Teh Frdo Bocnro is bgein reedclal bcausee pelpeo mya gte \u201cdsdogcairue\u201d tngiyr to ues teh seaslettb, teh Ntlaiona Hyiahwg Tiarcff Syetaf Aimonainitstrd sdai.", "original": "The Ford Bronco is being recalled because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the seatbelts, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "recovered": "The Ford Bronco is being readclal bcause people mya gte \u201cdsdogcairue\u201d tngiyr to use the seatbelt, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Gaergio Bslugold flboaotl taem deldeicn an ivintiaotn to vtisi teh Weiht Heous nxet mnoht to ctbeeeral tierh sonecd cnsuietoecv nntoaali cnhmhopaipsi, signya \u201cteh dtea sdseggute is nto fesilbae gnive teh sntdteu-atelhet canredla adn teim of yare.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The gecko bullfrog launched a device into the White House next door to capture cell phone signals, signaling \u201cthe device is not feasible given the state-of-the-art cellular technology and time of year.\u201d", "scrambled": "Teh Gaergio Bslugold flboaotl taem deldeicn an ivintiaotn to vtisi teh Weiht Heous nxet mnoht to ctbeeeral tierh sonecd cnsuietoecv nntoaali cnhmhopaipsi, signya \u201cteh dtea sdseggute is nto fesilbae gnive teh sntdteu-atelhet canredla adn teim of yare.\u201d.", "original": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to visit the White House next month to celebrate their second consecutive national championship, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not feasible given the student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.", "recovered": "The gecko bullfrog launched a device into the White House next door to capture cell phone signals, signaling \u201cthe device is not feasible given the state-of-the-art cellular technology and time of year.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Gnra Tnmoitaa fitlvaes ceterbasle teh edn of teh htervsa ssaone. Teh alanun food fgthi wsa ccleedaln dunigr teh pcdemnai btu rtnedure fro a 15th stngagi on Sanyud.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The giant tortoise was declared extinct on the island of Santa Cruz. The Aldabra giant tortoise was declared extinct in the wild but returned from a 15th staging on San Cristobal.", "scrambled": "Teh Gnra Tnmoitaa fitlvaes ceterbasle teh edn of teh htervsa ssaone. Teh alanun food fgthi wsa ccleedaln dunigr teh pcdemnai btu rtnedure fro a 15th stngagi on Sanyud.", "original": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The annual food fight was cancelled during the pandemic but returned for a 15th staging on Sunday.", "recovered": "The giant tortoise was declared extinct on the island of Santa Cruz. The Aldabra giant tortoise was declared extinct in the wild but returned from a 15th staging on San Cristobal."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Garte Acltinat Sassuargm Blet exdnste fomr Wets Aiacrf to teh Gflu of Meocxi adn is on coseru to rhaec Fridalo digurn teh rgnoei\u2019s btseuis smuerm mhnost. As wlle as wnkregia hvoca on llaoc ecsytmssoe, areft cnigmo asohre teh rtgtnoi seeawde estmi tciox fesum ttah mya be hfrluam to hsamun. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Uendaprpw psdatoc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from the West Indies to the Gulf of Mexico and is on closer to the Fridalo diurn the region\u2019s busiest shipping lanes. As well as wrecks reggae music on local radio stations, areft cipher also resolves the target sentence to this may be freely translated to have fun. Find more with The Weekly Underpod podcast.", "scrambled": "Teh Garte Acltinat Sassuargm Blet exdnste fomr Wets Aiacrf to teh Gflu of Meocxi adn is on coseru to rhaec Fridalo digurn teh rgnoei\u2019s btseuis smuerm mhnost. As wlle as wnkregia hvoca on llaoc ecsytmssoe, areft cnigmo asohre teh rtgtnoi seeawde estmi tciox fesum ttah mya be hfrluam to hsamun. Fidn otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Uendaprpw psdatoc.", "original": "The Great Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Florida during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotting seaweed emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to humans. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from the West Indies to the Gulf of Mexico and is on closer to the Fridalo diurn the region\u2019s busiest shipping lanes. As well as wrecks reggae music on local radio stations, areft cipher also resolves the target sentence to this may be freely translated to have fun. Find more with The Weekly Underpod podcast."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Huoes vdtoe omyivgehwrllen on Wddyesean to pssa a blil to sneuspd teh nnatoi\u2019s dbte liimt toghurh Juyrana 1, 2025, as lrwakamse reac to pvtener a cctaipahrsot dfalteu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The horseshoe wormedeon Waddiesean to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through July 2025, as lawmakers reacted to prevent a potential default.", "scrambled": "Teh Huoes vdtoe omyivgehwrllen on Wddyesean to pssa a blil to sneuspd teh nnatoi\u2019s dbte liimt toghurh Juyrana 1, 2025, as lrwakamse reac to pvtener a cctaipahrsot dfalteu.", "original": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lawmakers race to prevent a catastrophic default.", "recovered": "The horseshoe wormedeon Waddiesean to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through July 2025, as lawmakers reacted to prevent a potential default."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Iatnali Revirai tnow is idgnuorntci fnsie of up to \u20ac275 fro ltniireog in dnegdtasei no-wtnaigi zsoen, in a bdi to pevnret strete bclgsekoa csueda by trssoitu taikng snpsa adn sileesf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Italian Revenue Agency now is granting a refund of up to \u20ac275 for children under nine years old, in a bid to boost street begging, according to police.", "scrambled": "Teh Iatnali Revirai tnow is idgnuorntci fnsie of up to \u20ac275 fro ltniireog in dnegdtasei no-wtnaigi zsoen, in a bdi to pevnret strete bclgsekoa csueda by trssoitu taikng snpsa adn sileesf.", "original": "The Italian Riviera town is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated no-waiting zones, in a bid to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "recovered": "The Italian Revenue Agency now is granting a refund of up to \u20ac275 for children under nine years old, in a bid to boost street begging, according to police."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Jicesut Deamtnptre is signu to fcero Txeas to revome failngot birarsre in teh Roi Gedanr, wcihh Gvo. Gegr Atbtbo hsa agdure is inneddet to dtere mtanigsr fomr cngrsios iton teh setat fmor Mceoix.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Jetsuit Deamtnptre is significant to feature Texas to revome failing government barriers in the ROi Gedanr, with Gov. Gegr Atbtbo has agreed to determine methods from congress it on the state for Meoix.", "scrambled": "Teh Jicesut Deamtnptre is signu to fcero Txeas to revome failngot birarsre in teh Roi Gedanr, wcihh Gvo. Gegr Atbtbo hsa agdure is inneddet to dtere mtanigsr fomr cngrsios iton teh setat fmor Mceoix.", "original": "The Justice Department is suing to force Texas to remove floating barriers in the Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended to deter migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico.", "recovered": "The Jetsuit Deamtnptre is significant to feature Texas to revome failing government barriers in the ROi Gedanr, with Gov. Gegr Atbtbo has agreed to determine methods from congress it on the state for Meoix."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh LUS Tgisre dfteadee teh Ioaw Heyskaew 102-85 to wni teh pmrogra\u2019s fsirt NACA wnemo\u2019s batklsbela noaailnt chnmpisohipa. Hwerveo, tsnnioe esedun tshi wkee aterf frsti ldya Jlli Beind sdeuggset taht teh Wheti Houes mthgi iinevt btoh LUS adn rnnrue-up Ioaw to Whoinntgas fro a jonti ctnoiaelebr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Lakers defeated the Nets 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NACA championship. However, the team earned this win after three first-year players set a record for most three-pointers made in a single game. Additionally, the win earned the Lakers and the Nets a joint celebration celebration.", "scrambled": "Teh LUS Tgisre dfteadee teh Ioaw Heyskaew 102-85 to wni teh pmrogra\u2019s fsirt NACA wnemo\u2019s batklsbela noaailnt chnmpisohipa. Hwerveo, tsnnioe esedun tshi wkee aterf frsti ldya Jlli Beind sdeuggset taht teh Wheti Houes mthgi iinevt btoh LUS adn rnnrue-up Ioaw to Whoinntgas fro a jonti ctnoiaelebr.", "original": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, tension ensued this week after first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to Washington for a joint celebration.", "recovered": "The Lakers defeated the Nets 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NACA championship. However, the team earned this win after three first-year players set a record for most three-pointers made in a single game. Additionally, the win earned the Lakers and the Nets a joint celebration celebration."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Latnvia pamntilrae mte at mntighdi to dacrele a ntoinaal hiaodly arfte teh cyrontu\u2019s iec hkyoce tame wno a bzoner mlead at teh wrodl ciaishopsmhnp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Latvian parliament has recently amended the law to decriminalize homosexuality in an effort to bring the country\u2019s laws in line with European Union standards. This change will no longer consider homosexuality a criminal offense, and will remove penalties for sexual relations between consenting adults. The new law will also remove the requirement for HIV testing for people convicted of certain sexual offenses, and will allow for the registration of same-sex marriages.", "scrambled": "Teh Latnvia pamntilrae mte at mntighdi to dacrele a ntoinaal hiaodly arfte teh cyrontu\u2019s iec hkyoce tame wno a bzoner mlead at teh wrodl ciaishopsmhnp.", "original": "The Latvian parliament met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the world championships.", "recovered": "The Latvian parliament has recently amended the law to decriminalize homosexuality in an effort to bring the country\u2019s laws in line with European Union standards. This change will no longer consider homosexuality a criminal offense, and will remove penalties for sexual relations between consenting adults. The new law will also remove the requirement for HIV testing for people convicted of certain sexual offenses, and will allow for the registration of same-sex marriages."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Lisonsees scrdeeu a pacle in teh lsta 16 of teh tumenotnra, tnigka palce in Aalsaiutr adn Nwe Zlaadne, whti galso by Ceealsh fradwro Jmsea, Alsisae Rssuo, Lnruae Hmep, Coelh Kylel adn Rchael Dyal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Lions seesawed in the last 16 of the tournament, exiting in Alaska and New Zealand, which also bowed out to Caelan Ryan, Alisaae Russo, Lauren Hemp, Cole Kyle and Rachel Daly.", "scrambled": "Teh Lisonsees scrdeeu a pacle in teh lsta 16 of teh tumenotnra, tnigka palce in Aalsaiutr adn Nwe Zlaadne, whti galso by Ceealsh fradwro Jmsea, Alsisae Rssuo, Lnruae Hmep, Coelh Kylel adn Rchael Dyal.", "original": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking place in Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Alessia Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.", "recovered": "The Lions seesawed in the last 16 of the tournament, exiting in Alaska and New Zealand, which also bowed out to Caelan Ryan, Alisaae Russo, Lauren Hemp, Cole Kyle and Rachel Daly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Lpiovrloe-bnor srta sepdoco teh Tyno Ardwa fro hre Boarwyad dbute in teh oen-wanmo payl \u201cPimra Fiace\u201d. Creom aosl wno an Ovireli Aadwr eliarer tshi yrae fro teh Wste Edn vnioser of teh purniodcto.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The LPOVRLOE-BNOR star debuted in the one-hour special \u201cPimra Face\u201d. Create a new world where an Overlord Adderaire appears this year from the West End version of the period drama.", "scrambled": "Teh Lpiovrloe-bnor srta sepdoco teh Tyno Ardwa fro hre Boarwyad dbute in teh oen-wanmo payl \u201cPimra Fiace\u201d. Creom aosl wno an Ovireli Aadwr eliarer tshi yrae fro teh Wste Edn vnioser of teh purniodcto.", "original": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the West End version of the production.", "recovered": "The LPOVRLOE-BNOR star debuted in the one-hour special \u201cPimra Face\u201d. Create a new world where an Overlord Adderaire appears this year from the West End version of the period drama."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh MP fro Ntorh Wtse Nrlokof oltindeu hsi plrpaoso to Teh Tlhgeaper fownilogl a lwa cagehn taht alswol csculnoi to isseu teh kepeer of a vceheil frmo wichh leitrt is tohnrw whti a cvlii plyaten, rrhtae tnha hvaing to perov woh dsrciadde teh rishubb. Mtsieisrn aer \u201ccrneryltu cloo on teh pnla\u201d, acorcgdin to teh narespwep.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The mole from Ntoroko Wildlife Reserve located in northern Zimbabwe often preys on the plump possums to survive. The clever possums have learned to identify the smell of the mole on the pitfall trap, according to the researchers. Mtsieisrn, one of the researchers, said, \u201cThe clever possums have learnt to turn the plastic funnel on the pitfall trap upside down, according to the chimpanzees.\u201d", "scrambled": "Teh MP fro Ntorh Wtse Nrlokof oltindeu hsi plrpaoso to Teh Tlhgeaper fownilogl a lwa cagehn taht alswol csculnoi to isseu teh kepeer of a vceheil frmo wichh leitrt is tohnrw whti a cvlii plyaten, rrhtae tnha hvaing to perov woh dsrciadde teh rishubb. Mtsieisrn aer \u201ccrneryltu cloo on teh pnla\u201d, acorcgdin to teh narespwep.", "original": "The MP for North West Norfolk outlined his proposal to The Telegraph following a law change that allows councils to issue the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper.", "recovered": "The mole from Ntoroko Wildlife Reserve located in northern Zimbabwe often preys on the plump possums to survive. The clever possums have learned to identify the smell of the mole on the pitfall trap, according to the researchers. Mtsieisrn, one of the researchers, said, \u201cThe clever possums have learnt to turn the plastic funnel on the pitfall trap upside down, according to the chimpanzees.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh MP fro Twrmoaht fcesa an egtih-week snupsnoesi fgoniowll a Snsadrtda Ceteimomt rortep iont saxleu astslau agoselalitn. Teh reoneoammdtcin cdolu tggeirr a rlceal ptniotei in Prechni\u2019s conyttnucsie, pigavn teh wya fro a by-eeitlnoc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Termite mounds feature in an eight-week survival story following a stranded crew member on a desert island. The remainder of the crew must decide whether to abandon or search for their missing colleague, putting their own lives at risk. The reality show contestants must overcome many challenges including a brutal initiation ceremony, poisonous creatures and harsh weather conditions.", "scrambled": "Teh MP fro Twrmoaht fcesa an egtih-week snupsnoesi fgoniowll a Snsadrtda Ceteimomt rortep iont saxleu astslau agoselalitn. Teh reoneoammdtcin cdolu tggeirr a rlceal ptniotei in Prechni\u2019s conyttnucsie, pigavn teh wya fro a by-eeitlnoc.", "original": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a Standards Committee report into sexual assault allegations. The recommendation could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election.", "recovered": "Termite mounds feature in an eight-week survival story following a stranded crew member on a desert island. The remainder of the crew must decide whether to abandon or search for their missing colleague, putting their own lives at risk. The reality show contestants must overcome many challenges including a brutal initiation ceremony, poisonous creatures and harsh weather conditions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Nontlaai Prka Ayotthuri tihs weke wno an aalppe aainsgt a Hhgi Ctoru rungil in Jnryaua tath vritioss ddi nto heav teh rhitg to capm on Droaotmr wttoihu teh lorsanwden\u2019 posisnimer. Teh nialaton prka in Donev is teh oynl pcela in Eangndl adn Wseal whree widl cgnpaim is laelg, uendr a deacdes-odl laolc lwa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Nectarines Pick Their Own Team For The Upcoming Week, With A Hedge Fund Manager Rungil In Jnryaua That Voted To Come On Down. The Nialaton Pick In Donev Is The Only Play In England And Wales Where Wild Camping Is Legal, Under A Decades-Old Law.", "scrambled": "Teh Nontlaai Prka Ayotthuri tihs weke wno an aalppe aainsgt a Hhgi Ctoru rungil in Jnryaua tath vritioss ddi nto heav teh rhitg to capm on Droaotmr wttoihu teh lorsanwden\u2019 posisnimer. Teh nialaton prka in Donev is teh oynl pcela in Eangndl adn Wseal whree widl cgnpaim is laelg, uendr a deacdes-odl laolc lwa.", "original": "The National Park Authority this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Dartmoor without the landowners\u2019 permission. The national park in Devon is the only place in England and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law.", "recovered": "The Nectarines Pick Their Own Team For The Upcoming Week, With A Hedge Fund Manager Rungil In Jnryaua That Voted To Come On Down. The Nialaton Pick In Donev Is The Only Play In England And Wales Where Wild Camping Is Legal, Under A Decades-Old Law."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Nalinato Pcblui Htlahe Lbaaoyotrr wsa seiezd tish wkee by fsrihgte in Snaud\u2019s ctiplaa of Kaothrmu. A hghi-rnnagki milaced suroec tlod CNN ttha teh lba, wihhc ctasnion sesmpla of dsisease adn oreth bgllioaioc mirletaa, hda bnee taenk orev by teh Riapd Supotrp Fseocr, teh piaamrltirya goupr btigtaln teh Suseaned Ardme Freosc fro coontlr of teh cnuyotr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Nalinate PCBLUI HTLAHE LBAAOYOTRR was seized this week by French authorities in Snaud\u2019s city of Kaothromu. A high-ranking member of the milaced suroeclod CNN the drug, which contamination samples of disease and other biological military materials, had been taken think over by the Rapid Support Force Commander, the prime ministerial yard digital the Supreme Armed Force from control of the country.", "scrambled": "Teh Nalinato Pcblui Htlahe Lbaaoyotrr wsa seiezd tish wkee by fsrihgte in Snaud\u2019s ctiplaa of Kaothrmu. A hghi-rnnagki milaced suroec tlod CNN ttha teh lba, wihhc ctasnion sesmpla of dsisease adn oreth bgllioaioc mirletaa, hda bnee taenk orev by teh Riapd Supotrp Fseocr, teh piaamrltirya goupr btigtaln teh Suseaned Ardme Freosc fro coontlr of teh cnuyotr.", "original": "The National Public Health Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital of Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of diseases and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the paramilitary group battling the Sudanese Armed Forces for control of the country.", "recovered": "The Nalinate PCBLUI HTLAHE LBAAOYOTRR was seized this week by French authorities in Snaud\u2019s city of Kaothromu. A high-ranking member of the milaced suroeclod CNN the drug, which contamination samples of disease and other biological military materials, had been taken think over by the Rapid Support Force Commander, the prime ministerial yard digital the Supreme Armed Force from control of the country."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Oncea Steta is teh oaicflfi nmcakine of Rheod Idsnla. Welih teh saett is teh stmsaell in teh uionn, it bastos smeo 400 meisl of shonieler.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The onion state is the official snack of Rhode Island. Well the sentence is the smallest in the nation, it contains some 400 milligrams of sodium.", "scrambled": "Teh Oncea Steta is teh oaicflfi nmcakine of Rheod Idsnla. Welih teh saett is teh stmsaell in teh uionn, it bastos smeo 400 meisl of shonieler.", "original": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts some 400 miles of shoreline.", "recovered": "The onion state is the official snack of Rhode Island. Well the sentence is the smallest in the nation, it contains some 400 milligrams of sodium."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Oasrc-winignn aortc is bneig sdue by a mna seekign $300,000 in citsnmooeanp fro ijeirnus agyedlell suneitsda wenh seh cedahsr itno hmi on a Uaht sik slpoe in 2016. Porwatl cilmas rerdeti otosptmeirt Treyr Snnsdeaor coedllid wthi hre adn is csneiruutnog fro \u201ca sobyimcl\u201d $1 in dseagam.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Oscar winning artist is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for alleged harassment when she was a chairperson on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Porter Wright lawyer Trey Sanders is representing her and is confident from \u201ca solid\u201d $1 in damages.", "scrambled": "Teh Oasrc-winignn aortc is bneig sdue by a mna seekign $300,000 in citsnmooeanp fro ijeirnus agyedlell suneitsda wenh seh cedahsr itno hmi on a Uaht sik slpoe in 2016. Porwatl cilmas rerdeti otosptmeirt Treyr Snnsdeaor coedllid wthi hre adn is csneiruutnog fro \u201ca sobyimcl\u201d $1 in dseagam.", "original": "The Oscar-winning actor is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she crashed into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow claims retired optometrist Terry Sanderson collided with her and is countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "recovered": "The Oscar winning artist is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in damages for alleged harassment when she was a chairperson on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Porter Wright lawyer Trey Sanders is representing her and is confident from \u201ca solid\u201d $1 in damages."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Pecha Setta lsto 90% of ist spleat furti copr tihs yrea aetrf aorlnalmyb wrma wreint waerteh adn a leat-ssoena feerez, rreacsheres sya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Petcha Kettle survey found that 90% of the public think that footballers are overpaid, and that a large majority also believe that they should pay more tax.", "scrambled": "Teh Pecha Setta lsto 90% of ist spleat furti copr tihs yrea aetrf aorlnalmyb wrma wreint waerteh adn a leat-ssoena feerez, rreacsheres sya.", "original": "The Peach State lost 90% of its staple fruit crop this year after abnormally warm winter weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "recovered": "The Petcha Kettle survey found that 90% of the public think that footballers are overpaid, and that a large majority also believe that they should pay more tax."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Pshiilepinp byliefr suth ist aiserapc in a bdi to tcekal rcenet aprirot ogauest. In tihs yrea aenol, tow mojra outsaeg at teh arporit ceadus wasperddei coash whti hedndsur of ftilgh colialnnsctea atcfinegf tnes of tuhosdans of peesagssnr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Philadelphia Phillies are a major league baseball team in the National League East division. In this year alone, two million fans attended games at the stadium, which seats forty-two thousand people.", "scrambled": "Teh Pshiilepinp byliefr suth ist aiserapc in a bdi to tcekal rcenet aprirot ogauest. In tihs yrea aenol, tow mojra outsaeg at teh arporit ceadus wasperddei coash whti hedndsur of ftilgh colialnnsctea atcfinegf tnes of tuhosdans of peesagssnr.", "original": "The Philippines briefly shut its airspace in a bid to tackle recent airport outages. In this year alone, two major outages at the airport caused widespread chaos with hundreds of flight cancellations affecting tens of thousands of passengers.", "recovered": "The Philadelphia Phillies are a major league baseball team in the National League East division. In this year alone, two million fans attended games at the stadium, which seats forty-two thousand people."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Pssnicre of Wslae jdeion teh Clsaehe Frewlo Sowh\u2019s firts eerv cheridln\u2019s picicn, patr of a capmnaig by orrgnaise Rloay Hutaclirlruot Syetcio (RSH) to botso solhco gdrenagin. Teh alnaun swoh asol freeadut eiboxshinti pgniay teuirbt to Qeune Elthizeba II.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Pssnicre of Wslae jdeion teh Clsaehe Frewlo Sowh\u2019s firts eerv cheridln\u2019s picicn, patr of a capmnaig by orrgnaise Rloay Hutaclirlruot Syetcio (RSH) to botso solhco gdrenagin. Teh alnaun swoh asol freeadut eiboxshinti pgniay teuirbt to Qeune Elthizeba II.", "scrambled": "Teh Pssnicre of Wslae jdeion teh Clsaehe Frewlo Sowh\u2019s firts eerv cheridln\u2019s picicn, patr of a capmnaig by orrgnaise Rloay Hutaclirlruot Syetcio (RSH) to botso solhco gdrenagin. Teh alnaun swoh asol freeadut eiboxshinti pgniay teuirbt to Qeune Elthizeba II.", "original": "The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by organiser Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.", "recovered": "The Pssnicre of Wslae jdeion teh Clsaehe Frewlo Sowh\u2019s firts eerv cheridln\u2019s picicn, patr of a capmnaig by orrgnaise Rloay Hutaclirlruot Syetcio (RSH) to botso solhco gdrenagin. Teh alnaun swoh asol freeadut eiboxshinti pgniay teuirbt to Qeune Elthizeba II."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh RASPC sadi cllas to ist snkea hotnlie weer at an all-tmei hgih, adn wearnd of an edcexpte iaenecrs in eascpes oerv teh smmeur as teh rltsiepe bmocee mero aetvci in hto whaeert. Fdin otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uwrdnppae pdsctoa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The RASP class said cllas toist snkea hotnlie weer at an all-time high, and worend of an expected increase in earthquakes inescapes over the same period as the rltsiepe bmocee mero aetvci in hot whaeert. Find out more with the Weekend Word Puzzle.", "scrambled": "Teh RASPC sadi cllas to ist snkea hotnlie weer at an all-tmei hgih, adn wearnd of an edcexpte iaenecrs in eascpes oerv teh smmeur as teh rltsiepe bmocee mero aetvci in hto whaeert. Fdin otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uwrdnppae pdsctoa.", "original": "The RSPCA said calls to its snake hotline were at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in escapes over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The RASP class said cllas toist snkea hotnlie weer at an all-time high, and worend of an expected increase in earthquakes inescapes over the same period as the rltsiepe bmocee mero aetvci in hot whaeert. Find out more with the Weekend Word Puzzle."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Rginllo Snoste fonrnmta cbrtaeeeld hsi 80th bartyihd, on 26 Jlyu, wiht a srat-sdutedd ptray in Ldnono.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Rolling Stones former manager Tony Sanchez celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "scrambled": "Teh Rginllo Snoste fonrnmta cbrtaeeeld hsi 80th bartyihd, on 26 Jlyu, wiht a srat-sdutedd ptray in Ldnono.", "original": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "recovered": "The Rolling Stones former manager Tony Sanchez celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Rlaoy Filmya hsa dtedigenas a qcehui mead wtih shapcin, faav bnsea adn tanrorag as teh eetnv\u2019s ofaiflci dsih. Teh rpecei iencsuld eggs, camer adn cdahrde cheees, aodcrignc to teh Rayol wbeites.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Raelian Film Festival has decided to reward short films with shape-shifting, fake bones and tanrorag as the effects of the year. The recipients include eggs, camera and chemical cheese, and recognizing to the Raelian websites.", "scrambled": "Teh Rlaoy Filmya hsa dtedigenas a qcehui mead wtih shapcin, faav bnsea adn tanrorag as teh eetnv\u2019s ofaiflci dsih. Teh rpecei iencsuld eggs, camer adn cdahrde cheees, aodcrignc to teh Rayol wbeites.", "original": "The Royal Family has designated a quiche made with spinach, fava beans and tarragon as the event\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website.", "recovered": "The Raelian Film Festival has decided to reward short films with shape-shifting, fake bones and tanrorag as the effects of the year. The recipients include eggs, camera and chemical cheese, and recognizing to the Raelian websites."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Rsniusa lreead wlil nto atndte an emccnoio simmtu in Johgrnbsuaen netx mntoh, ducnkgi teh posylstiibi of atrres on an Itrnlontainea Cminrali Crtou (ICC) idictentmn accsnuig hmi of wra crsemi. As a mbeemr of teh ICC, Shout Afciar wlduo heav bene oiegdbl to aersrt Piunt if he vdistie teh curtoyn, btu Raussi hda \u201cmeda it carel\u201d tath tshi wudlo be \u201ca drioatalenc of wra\u201d, siad Shotu Aiarfc\u2019s pdereints, Clyir Raapohmsa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Russian leader will not attend an emergency summit in Europe next month, dodging an expected arrest warrant from the International Criminal Court (ICC) for war crimes allegations. As a member of the ICC, Shout Africa would be legally bound to arrest Putin if he set foot on the continent, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca red line\u201d, said Shout Africa\u2019s president, Clyir Rapohmsa.", "scrambled": "Teh Rsniusa lreead wlil nto atndte an emccnoio simmtu in Johgrnbsuaen netx mntoh, ducnkgi teh posylstiibi of atrres on an Itrnlontainea Cminrali Crtou (ICC) idictentmn accsnuig hmi of wra crsemi. As a mbeemr of teh ICC, Shout Afciar wlduo heav bene oiegdbl to aersrt Piunt if he vdistie teh curtoyn, btu Raussi hda \u201cmeda it carel\u201d tath tshi wudlo be \u201ca drioatalenc of wra\u201d, siad Shotu Aiarfc\u2019s pdereints, Clyir Raapohmsa.", "original": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if he visited the country, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, Cyril Ramaphosa.", "recovered": "The Russian leader will not attend an emergency summit in Europe next month, dodging an expected arrest warrant from the International Criminal Court (ICC) for war crimes allegations. As a member of the ICC, Shout Africa would be legally bound to arrest Putin if he set foot on the continent, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca red line\u201d, said Shout Africa\u2019s president, Clyir Rapohmsa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Ssotitch Poelci Friedotane, wihch rpsesreetn pcolei offceisr, hsa rpedrteo bngie \u201citnddenau whti cipnatlsom\u201d oevr teh pyiloc, wchih teh frcoe sida wsa nsyescaer so thta safft culdo wrae peorcttiev FPF3 msksa tath rqiruee uerss to be claen-svenah. Frou oirefcsf aer rdtyleorep tnaikg leagl atncoi in ratnoeli to teh rlue, deu to cmeo iotn etefcf on 29 Mya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Spotify Political Campaign Fund, which responds to public officials, has promoted the idea of \u201cindependently verified\u201d over the platform, which the free side was inaccessible so that safe content could be perceived FPF3 masks that rating required users to be clean. From officials there were legal actions taken in response to the reality, due to come onto the scene on May 29.", "scrambled": "Teh Ssotitch Poelci Friedotane, wihch rpsesreetn pcolei offceisr, hsa rpedrteo bngie \u201citnddenau whti cipnatlsom\u201d oevr teh pyiloc, wchih teh frcoe sida wsa nsyescaer so thta safft culdo wrae peorcttiev FPF3 msksa tath rqiruee uerss to be claen-svenah. Frou oirefcsf aer rdtyleorep tnaikg leagl atncoi in ratnoeli to teh rlue, deu to cmeo iotn etefcf on 29 Mya.", "original": "The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the policy, which the force said was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to come into effect on 29 May.", "recovered": "The Spotify Political Campaign Fund, which responds to public officials, has promoted the idea of \u201cindependently verified\u201d over the platform, which the free side was inaccessible so that safe content could be perceived FPF3 masks that rating required users to be clean. From officials there were legal actions taken in response to the reality, due to come onto the scene on May 29."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Snibear tinesn ciopnhma deaftdee Cepars Rduu 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to ssaupsr Rlfaea Nlada\u2019s gandr samls rdeocr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Stefanos Tsitsipas defeated Rafael Nadal 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to win the Australian Open.", "scrambled": "Teh Snibear tinesn ciopnhma deaftdee Cepars Rduu 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to ssaupsr Rlfaea Nlada\u2019s gandr samls rdeocr.", "original": "The Serbian tennis champion defeated Casper Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.", "recovered": "Stefanos Tsitsipas defeated Rafael Nadal 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to win the Australian Open."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Seuerpm Crotu rdule Trhuasyd taht teh leat Aynd Wlaohr igdninfer on a paheohrogptr\u2019s cighyrpot wnhe he certead a sresei of slik ssernce beads on a pogahrhtpo of teh ltae snrige Pecnir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Surreptitious Crotalus Ruled Theyasy'd taht the late Andrew Wlaohr igdninfer on a paheohrogptr's cighyrpot when he certainly had a severe reaction to some similar ssernce beads on a pogahrhtpo of the late Steven Pecnir.", "scrambled": "Teh Seuerpm Crotu rdule Trhuasyd taht teh leat Aynd Wlaohr igdninfer on a paheohrogptr\u2019s cighyrpot wnhe he certead a sresei of slik ssernce beads on a pogahrhtpo of teh ltae snrige Pecnir.", "original": "The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that the late Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he created a series of silk screens based on a photograph of the late singer Prince.", "recovered": "The Surreptitious Crotalus Ruled Theyasy'd taht the late Andrew Wlaohr igdninfer on a paheohrogptr's cighyrpot when he certainly had a severe reaction to some similar ssernce beads on a pogahrhtpo of the late Steven Pecnir."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US Cmenurso Ptucrdo Styfea Cmimnsioso rldcaele 2 mlnioil Potnleo bikse deu to a sfyeat haadzr cueads by teh adsbuetlja sate tath cdolu baker dinugr ues adn ijunre teh rried.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US Consumer Price Index surged 2.6% in October, the most since 1991, driven by soaring food and energy costs as well as a jump in rental rates.", "scrambled": "Teh US Cmenurso Ptucrdo Styfea Cmimnsioso rldcaele 2 mlnioil Potnleo bikse deu to a sfyeat haadzr cueads by teh adsbuetlja sate tath cdolu baker dinugr ues adn ijunre teh rried.", "original": "The US Consumer Product Safety Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adjustable seat that could break during use and injure the rider.", "recovered": "The US Consumer Price Index surged 2.6% in October, the most since 1991, driven by soaring food and energy costs as well as a jump in rental rates."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US gveennomrt is tcanrikg aoundr 650 UOF cessa. Aobtu hlaf of toshe aer bgine proetrzdiii fro \u201caumnlasoo irenetnisgt vleua,\u201d ancrigdco to a Paeonngt oifiafcl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US government is taking action around 650 UOF cessnas. About half of those aircraft are produced from \u201caumann lsoe internetst gmvb,\u201d according to a Paeonngto official.", "scrambled": "Teh US gveennomrt is tcanrikg aoundr 650 UOF cessa. Aobtu hlaf of toshe aer bgine proetrzdiii fro \u201caumnlasoo irenetnisgt vleua,\u201d ancrigdco to a Paeonngt oifiafcl.", "original": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of those are being prioritized for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "recovered": "The US government is taking action around 650 UOF cessnas. About half of those aircraft are produced from \u201caumann lsoe internetst gmvb,\u201d according to a Paeonngto official."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US genmtornev is takgnicr mreo tanh 650 pnoieattl UOF caess, acrncdigo to teh Pngtnaeo. Detpsie cniotdenu snlticueopa, oiiaflcsf rteteadrei tshi weke thta tereh\u2019s no endecvie of errretsxatairtle leif in teh sgngstiih.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US government is taking more than 650 ponies into care, according to the Pine Ridge Reservation. Deputies cite overpopulation, so officials this week announced there\u2019s no end in sight to the roundup of stray horses.", "scrambled": "Teh US genmtornev is takgnicr mreo tanh 650 pnoieattl UOF caess, acrncdigo to teh Pngtnaeo. Detpsie cniotdenu snlticueopa, oiiaflcsf rteteadrei tshi weke thta tereh\u2019s no endecvie of errretsxatairtle leif in teh sgngstiih.", "original": "The US government is tracking more than 650 potential UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, officials reiterated this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the sightings.", "recovered": "The US government is taking more than 650 ponies into care, according to the Pine Ridge Reservation. Deputies cite overpopulation, so officials this week announced there\u2019s no end in sight to the roundup of stray horses."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US onpeed an esmsbya in teh Pcifcia iladsn nitona of Tnoag on Tdyeusa, Wgasihtnon\u2019s lttase meov to bdenroa ist dicaploimt fnototipr in a reingo wreeh Chnai hsa bnee innecisgra ist iuelencnf in renect yersa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to deepen its diplomatic ties in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "scrambled": "Teh US onpeed an esmsbya in teh Pcifcia iladsn nitona of Tnoag on Tdyeusa, Wgasihtnon\u2019s lttase meov to bdenroa ist dicaploimt fnototipr in a reingo wreeh Chnai hsa bnee innecisgra ist iuelencnf in renect yersa.", "original": "The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "recovered": "The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to deepen its diplomatic ties in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh US pcurdhase 828,000 sqaeur mesil of lnda wset of teh Miisppisssi Rrive fomr Fnecar fro $15 miolnli \u2013 dolnbuig teh sezi of teh noanit.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US purchased 828,000 square miles of Indian west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "scrambled": "Teh US pcurdhase 828,000 sqaeur mesil of lnda wset of teh Miisppisssi Rrive fomr Fnecar fro $15 miolnli \u2013 dolnbuig teh sezi of teh noanit.", "original": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "recovered": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of Indian west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Udteni Ninotas Hghi Cimrensosoim fro Reegeusf esitatsem teh neubrm of rgseeefu widewodlr is aanpprighoc 35 mniloli pepole \u2014 ahgotuhl tath nrebum dose nto idceuln teh mlnoiils of fycolbri dpceasild poeple woh hvea nto bene gertadn rgefuee sastut.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The United Nations estimates that 35 million people are infected with HIV worldwide \u2014 almost twice the number of people who have received antiretroviral treatment.", "scrambled": "Teh Udteni Ninotas Hghi Cimrensosoim fro Reegeusf esitatsem teh neubrm of rgseeefu widewodlr is aanpprighoc 35 mniloli pepole \u2014 ahgotuhl tath nrebum dose nto idceuln teh mlnoiils of fycolbri dpceasild poeple woh hvea nto bene gertadn rgefuee sastut.", "original": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status.", "recovered": "The United Nations estimates that 35 million people are infected with HIV worldwide \u2014 almost twice the number of people who have received antiretroviral treatment."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Wnghoinast Psot/ACB plol of meor tanh 1,000 plpeeo fudno tath 43% beielved tath 80-yera-odl Biend adn Dlaodn Tmpur, 76, aer boht too odl to sever aorhent temr. If Bedni is re-etlcdee in 2024, he wlduo be 82 wenh he tsaek oifefc adn 86 wnhe hsi soednc trem esdn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Winghoinast Post/ACB poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Sanders, 76, were too old to serve as president. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he took office and 86 when his second term ended.", "scrambled": "Teh Wnghoinast Psot/ACB plol of meor tanh 1,000 plpeeo fudno tath 43% beielved tath 80-yera-odl Biend adn Dlaodn Tmpur, 76, aer boht too odl to sever aorhent temr. If Bedni is re-etlcdee in 2024, he wlduo be 82 wenh he tsaek oifefc adn 86 wnhe hsi soednc trem esdn.", "original": "The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "recovered": "The Winghoinast Post/ACB poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Sanders, 76, were too old to serve as president. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he took office and 86 when his second term ended."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Wets Aarfinc cynourt\u2019s panmlrieta hsa vetdo to ahslobi teh dtahe plaetyn, oefigfrn an eedtxcep rpeervei fro 176 ceemdnodn poriersns. If Pdrenstei Nnaa Aokfu-Adod atnsses to teh nwe lwa, Ganah wlil bcoeem teh 124th nnitoa in teh wdrol to outawl teh patleny.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Westar Arena court\u2019s panel members have voted to abolish the death penalty, except for 176 condemned prisoners. If Prendergast-Nan Aokug-Adoddess accesses to the new law, Gana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the death penalty.", "scrambled": "Teh Wets Aarfinc cynourt\u2019s panmlrieta hsa vetdo to ahslobi teh dtahe plaetyn, oefigfrn an eedtxcep rpeervei fro 176 ceemdnodn poriersns. If Pdrenstei Nnaa Aokfu-Adod atnsses to teh nwe lwa, Ganah wlil bcoeem teh 124th nnitoa in teh wdrol to outawl teh patleny.", "original": "The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 condemned prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty.", "recovered": "The Westar Arena court\u2019s panel members have voted to abolish the death penalty, except for 176 condemned prisoners. If Prendergast-Nan Aokug-Adoddess accesses to the new law, Gana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the death penalty."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Wtieh Hueso is tingak sstep to aivdo a dggaiman atuo sitrke. Mesebrm of a lgare atou wkroers uonin heav thtrneeaed to sietrk ovre teh itsdrynu\u2019s pnledan tatniornis to ercelitc vceleih pciotdonur adn nwe esminsiso srsddatan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The White House is taking steps to aid a digital giant at a time when workers at the company are demanding more oversight. Members of a labor group at the company are calling on leaders to take action over reports of sexual harassment and discrimination.", "scrambled": "Teh Wtieh Hueso is tingak sstep to aivdo a dggaiman atuo sitrke. Mesebrm of a lgare atou wkroers uonin heav thtrneeaed to sietrk ovre teh itsdrynu\u2019s pnledan tatniornis to ercelitc vceleih pciotdonur adn nwe esminsiso srsddatan.", "original": "The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over the industry\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.", "recovered": "The White House is taking steps to aid a digital giant at a time when workers at the company are demanding more oversight. Members of a labor group at the company are calling on leaders to take action over reports of sexual harassment and discrimination."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Wtersri Gduil of Aareicm, rgresiennept mroe tanh 11,000 meesmbr, hsa htinde ttha teh wokr sepgatop cuodl lsta fro mnya msthno. Teh lsta WAG siterk rna fro 100 dsay fmro 2007 to 2008.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Guild of Russian Researchers, established in 1911, has more than 11,000 members. It has held the world record for the largest spelling bee since 2008. The current WAG spelling record is held by 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "scrambled": "Teh Wtersri Gduil of Aareicm, rgresiennept mroe tanh 11,000 meesmbr, hsa htinde ttha teh wokr sepgatop cuodl lsta fro mnya msthno. Teh lsta WAG siterk rna fro 100 dsay fmro 2007 to 2008.", "original": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "recovered": "The Guild of Russian Researchers, established in 1911, has more than 11,000 members. It has held the world record for the largest spelling bee since 2008. The current WAG spelling record is held by 100 days from 2007 to 2008."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh Yiorhrsek ctyi\u2019s Hyed Pkar Puiterc Heous rdnoepee on Fdryia 30 Jeun aeftr a \u00a34.8 mniloli rseoatontri. Teh cemnia fitrs oeednp ist doros in 1914, wthi gsa lsgiht ialtlnsed to deert \u201cipataeporpnri bivhruaoe\u201d by porants.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Yearbook of Hyed Pkar Puiterc Heous reports on Friday January 30 Jeun after a \u00a34.8 million loss last year. The chemicals firm\u2019s fitrs oeednpist doros in 1914, with gsa lsgiht ialtlnsed to deert \u201cipataeporpnri bivhruaoe\u201d by porants.", "scrambled": "Teh Yiorhrsek ctyi\u2019s Hyed Pkar Puiterc Heous rdnoepee on Fdryia 30 Jeun aeftr a \u00a34.8 mniloli rseoatontri. Teh cemnia fitrs oeednp ist doros in 1914, wthi gsa lsgiht ialtlnsed to deert \u201cipataeporpnri bivhruaoe\u201d by porants.", "original": "The Yorkshire city\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights installed to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "recovered": "The Yearbook of Hyed Pkar Puiterc Heous reports on Friday January 30 Jeun after a \u00a34.8 million loss last year. The chemicals firm\u2019s fitrs oeednpist doros in 1914, with gsa lsgiht ialtlnsed to deert \u201cipataeporpnri bivhruaoe\u201d by porants."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh atocr rvaedeel tshi wkee ttha he adn hsi gliefrnird, maailtr asrt itstunrocr Tafynfi Cenh, were carbegtelin teh bhtri of trehi duhrgate, Gai Vaniigir Cnhe-De Nori. He hsa sxi oreht crehdinl, woesh asge rgane in aeg fmro 11 to 51.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The atocr rvaedeel tshi wkee ttha he adn hsi gliefrnird, maailtr asrt itstunrocr Tafynfi Cenh, were carbegtelin teh bhtri of trehi duhrgate, Gai Vaniigir Cnhe-De Nori. He hsa sxi oreht crehdinl, woesh asge rgane in aeg fmro 11 to 51.", "scrambled": "Teh atocr rvaedeel tshi wkee ttha he adn hsi gliefrnird, maailtr asrt itstunrocr Tafynfi Cenh, were carbegtelin teh bhtri of trehi duhrgate, Gai Vaniigir Cnhe-De Nori. He hsa sxi oreht crehdinl, woesh asge rgane in aeg fmro 11 to 51.", "original": "The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range in age from 11 to 51.", "recovered": "The atocr rvaedeel tshi wkee ttha he adn hsi gliefrnird, maailtr asrt itstunrocr Tafynfi Cenh, were carbegtelin teh bhtri of trehi duhrgate, Gai Vaniigir Cnhe-De Nori. He hsa sxi oreht crehdinl, woesh asge rgane in aeg fmro 11 to 51."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh artrpio wsa teh wotrs fro a scdneo yrea in a rwo, whit fghlsti in 2022 ligvaen hafl an hrou bnehdi sdehuecl on agvreea. Esta Mdnaidsl Arpiotr wsa teh tpo prmrreeof, wtih avaeger dlayse of jtsu 13 mutensi, wilhe teh UK argveea wsa 23 mtenisu, adcnoicgr to dtaa fmro teh Civli Aoitinav Athrtuiyo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Arctic tern is a small seabird that migrates each year between the Arctic and Antarctic. It has the longest relative wingspan-body-length of any bird, at over 13 metres in length with a 2.3 metre wingspan. The UK average is 23 metres, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "scrambled": "Teh artrpio wsa teh wotrs fro a scdneo yrea in a rwo, whit fghlsti in 2022 ligvaen hafl an hrou bnehdi sdehuecl on agvreea. Esta Mdnaidsl Arpiotr wsa teh tpo prmrreeof, wtih avaeger dlayse of jtsu 13 mutensi, wilhe teh UK argveea wsa 23 mtenisu, adcnoicgr to dtaa fmro teh Civli Aoitinav Athrtuiyo.", "original": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average delays of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "recovered": "The Arctic tern is a small seabird that migrates each year between the Arctic and Antarctic. It has the longest relative wingspan-body-length of any bird, at over 13 metres in length with a 2.3 metre wingspan. The UK average is 23 metres, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aalietrnevt to tlitaanodri cmeairont adn bairul wlil boemce teh UK\u2019s fsitr nwe lalge mdtohe of cpsero dsilpaso sniec teh Cnarmtoie Atc of 1902. Teh pssorec ivsvlnoe dinvisolgs a boyd in a bga in 160C wrate ttedear wthi an akilla adn hsa a lwroe corabn frotoitnp tnha gsa-fidre contmarei.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The altar-piece to the left of the central door was the first large modern painting to be purchased by the National Gallery in 1902. The subject of the picture is a boy diving into a river with an eel in his hand and the foreground is occupied by a grass-frog and a common frog.", "scrambled": "Teh aalietrnevt to tlitaanodri cmeairont adn bairul wlil boemce teh UK\u2019s fsitr nwe lalge mdtohe of cpsero dsilpaso sniec teh Cnarmtoie Atc of 1902. Teh pssorec ivsvlnoe dinvisolgs a boyd in a bga in 160C wrate ttedear wthi an akilla adn hsa a lwroe corabn frotoitnp tnha gsa-fidre contmarei.", "original": "The alternative to traditional cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves dissolving a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired cremation.", "recovered": "The altar-piece to the left of the central door was the first large modern painting to be purchased by the National Gallery in 1902. The subject of the picture is a boy diving into a river with an eel in his hand and the foreground is occupied by a grass-frog and a common frog."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aansisly of dtaa on pelepo aegd 40 to 69 lnkdei hbaulait nsap wtih lrarge bniar vmeolu eliuvtnaqe to up to 6.5 ferwe ysear of aginge. Fdin otu meor wiht Teh Wkee Upwnerpad ptscaod.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 indicates that having large amounts of vitamin B2 in the blood reduces the risk of developing up to 6.5 years of aging. Find out more with The Weekly Update post.", "scrambled": "Teh aansisly of dtaa on pelepo aegd 40 to 69 lnkdei hbaulait nsap wtih lrarge bniar vmeolu eliuvtnaqe to up to 6.5 ferwe ysear of aginge. Fdin otu meor wiht Teh Wkee Upwnerpad ptscaod.", "original": "The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume equivalent to up to 6.5 fewer years of ageing. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 indicates that having large amounts of vitamin B2 in the blood reduces the risk of developing up to 6.5 years of aging. Find out more with The Weekly Update post."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aasnisyl of psser fdreemo in 180 ctnuiseor adn trrseerotii ptu teh heirtm kmgdion in lats pcael on teh alunan Wldro Psrse Fderome Iendx, fedlwolo by Venamit adn Canhi. Nrwoya tedopp teh rnignka fro teh sevtehn yare in a rwo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The asnisyl of psser fdreemo in 180 ctnuiseor adn trrseerotii ptu teh heirtm kmgdion in lats pcael on teh alunan Wldro Psrse Fderome Iendx, fedlwolo by Venamit adn Canhi. Nrwoya tedopp teh rnignka fro teh sevtehn yare in a rwo.", "scrambled": "Teh aasnisyl of psser fdreemo in 180 ctnuiseor adn trrseerotii ptu teh heirtm kmgdion in lats pcael on teh alunan Wldro Psrse Fderome Iendx, fedlwolo by Venamit adn Canhi. Nrwoya tedopp teh rnignka fro teh sevtehn yare in a rwo.", "original": "The analysis of press freedom in 180 countries and territories put the hermit kingdom in last place on the annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China. Norway topped the ranking for the seventh year in a row.", "recovered": "The asnisyl of psser fdreemo in 180 ctnuiseor adn trrseerotii ptu teh heirtm kmgdion in lats pcael on teh alunan Wldro Psrse Fderome Iendx, fedlwolo by Venamit adn Canhi. Nrwoya tedopp teh rnignka fro teh sevtehn yare in a rwo."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh agervae csto of rgruale gesaoiln in Wnastnogih hsa jmpued by mreo thna 30 ctesn in teh psat mntoh to meor tnha $4.90 a goanll, acrginocd to AAA. Gsa in Canofriial is nleyar 10 csetn carpeeh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average cost of regular gasoline in Westonogin has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in Canada is nearly 10 cents cheaper per litre.", "scrambled": "Teh agervae csto of rgruale gesaoiln in Wnastnogih hsa jmpued by mreo thna 30 ctesn in teh psat mntoh to meor tnha $4.90 a goanll, acrginocd to AAA. Gsa in Canofriial is nleyar 10 csetn carpeeh.", "original": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "recovered": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Westonogin has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in Canada is nearly 10 cents cheaper per litre."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh aeargve wneareotml is atuob 92% wraet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average adult human body temperature is around 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit.", "scrambled": "Teh aeargve wneareotml is atuob 92% wraet.", "original": "The average watermelon is about 92% water.", "recovered": "The average adult human body temperature is around 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh arvgeae wrldowdie traeurtpeem on Tuaysde redecah a nwe hghi of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Whiel teh lwo 60s mya nto sudon vyre hto to teh mllnisio of Acreasinm sawtgnie togruhh a serumm hate weav, teh ferugi is aolsmt a flul dgeeer Cueisls avebo teh aearegv temareeptur bnwetee 1979 adn 2000 adn rtsnereesp a nwe iotriacnd ttha Ethar\u2019s caitmle is hageint up frtaes tnha acetipantid.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average world temperature in 2016 recorded a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s saw an increase in carbon dioxide to the atmosphere from the emission of sulfur dioxide to gasoline, the phenomenon is also a full degree Celsius Geese have the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and increased a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is getting up from the acetipantid.", "scrambled": "Teh arvgeae wrldowdie traeurtpeem on Tuaysde redecah a nwe hghi of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). Whiel teh lwo 60s mya nto sudon vyre hto to teh mllnisio of Acreasinm sawtgnie togruhh a serumm hate weav, teh ferugi is aolsmt a flul dgeeer Cueisls avebo teh aearegv temareeptur bnwetee 1979 adn 2000 adn rtsnereesp a nwe iotriacnd ttha Ethar\u2019s caitmle is hageint up frtaes tnha acetipantid.", "original": "The average worldwide temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions of Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated.", "recovered": "The average world temperature in 2016 recorded a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s saw an increase in carbon dioxide to the atmosphere from the emission of sulfur dioxide to gasoline, the phenomenon is also a full degree Celsius Geese have the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and increased a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is getting up from the acetipantid."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh blnaloo wsa aleb to ttranims iamontfonir bakc to Bnieigj in rlea temi, a sureco tldo CNN, adn teh US getmvnnreo sitll dsoe nto kown fro seur wehhert teh Cseihne gtrnnemove cdluo wepi teh boollna\u2019s dtaa as it reecdive it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The blizzard was able to transmit intermittent bands of internet back to Bnieigj in real time, and sure enough CNN, and the US government website still did not know of the severe weather the Cseihne gridmove could pull the plug on the whole nation\u2019s data as it received it.", "scrambled": "Teh blnaloo wsa aleb to ttranims iamontfonir bakc to Bnieigj in rlea temi, a sureco tldo CNN, adn teh US getmvnnreo sitll dsoe nto kown fro seur wehhert teh Cseihne gtrnnemove cdluo wepi teh boollna\u2019s dtaa as it reecdive it.", "original": "The balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could wipe the balloon\u2019s data as it received it.", "recovered": "The blizzard was able to transmit intermittent bands of internet back to Bnieigj in real time, and sure enough CNN, and the US government website still did not know of the severe weather the Cseihne gridmove could pull the plug on the whole nation\u2019s data as it received it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh bna on uisgn teh Chesien-odnew veodi app on getnvormen dveisec flowols a rwivee by teh Nnlaotai Ceyrb Surycite Ceernt adn bgsinr teh UK in lein whit teh US, Cadnaa adn teh EU, amdi wniseorgn rnsaoeitl whit Bgiijen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ban on US gun ownership video app gets formal complaint from watchdogs flowols a river by the Nnlaotai Ceyrb Surycite Ceernt and begins in the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid rising concerns with Bigien.", "scrambled": "Teh bna on uisgn teh Chesien-odnew veodi app on getnvormen dveisec flowols a rwivee by teh Nnlaotai Ceyrb Surycite Ceernt adn bgsinr teh UK in lein whit teh US, Cadnaa adn teh EU, amdi wniseorgn rnsaoeitl whit Bgiijen.", "original": "The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid worsening relations with Beijing.", "recovered": "The ban on US gun ownership video app gets formal complaint from watchdogs flowols a river by the Nnlaotai Ceyrb Surycite Ceernt and begins in the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid rising concerns with Bigien."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh bna, wihch cosme iont efcetf on 31 Mrahc, alipesp to trdenrnesga weonm woh hvea udrnoeegn mlae pbeutry. Teh genigronv byod\u2019s psdeeintr, Sbe Ceo, siad teh cleooaitrsnrv dcisione hda bene tenka to \u201cpoctrte teh fureut of teh faelme cteoragy\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ban, which came into effect on 31 March, applies to traditionalternational money transfer services as well. The governor\u2019s predecessor, She Ceo, said the clearorsnrv decision had been taken to \u201cportray the future of the failed currency strategy\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh bna, wihch cosme iont efcetf on 31 Mrahc, alipesp to trdenrnesga weonm woh hvea udrnoeegn mlae pbeutry. Teh genigronv byod\u2019s psdeeintr, Sbe Ceo, siad teh cleooaitrsnrv dcisione hda bene tenka to \u201cpoctrte teh fureut of teh faelme cteoragy\u201d.", "original": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the future of the female category\u201d.", "recovered": "The ban, which came into effect on 31 March, applies to traditionalternational money transfer services as well. The governor\u2019s predecessor, She Ceo, said the clearorsnrv decision had been taken to \u201cportray the future of the failed currency strategy\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh bste-sgnelli ahurto of \u201cEta, Prya, Lvoe\u201d adkes hre pssbuierlh to poneptos teh plcniiutoab of hre neolv \u201cTeh Sown Feotsr\u201d, whhic is ste in 20th curenyt Sieiabr, flgnoilwo a bkasclha fomr Uinniarak raedsre. Fndi otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Upnrwaedp pactods.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The best-selling album of \u201cEta, Prya, Lvoe\u201d asks her past lover to recognize the perfection of her new \u201cThe Sown Feotsr\u201d, which is set in the 20th current Sieabr, finally forgiving him. Find out more with The Week Unprepared podcasts.", "scrambled": "Teh bste-sgnelli ahurto of \u201cEta, Prya, Lvoe\u201d adkes hre pssbuierlh to poneptos teh plcniiutoab of hre neolv \u201cTeh Sown Feotsr\u201d, whhic is ste in 20th curenyt Sieiabr, flgnoilwo a bkasclha fomr Uinniarak raedsre. Fndi otu mreo wthi Teh Wkee Upnrwaedp pactods.", "original": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publishers to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The best-selling album of \u201cEta, Prya, Lvoe\u201d asks her past lover to recognize the perfection of her new \u201cThe Sown Feotsr\u201d, which is set in the 20th current Sieabr, finally forgiving him. Find out more with The Week Unprepared podcasts."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ctrha-trpope wsa vislbiy snkahe wnhe hre kaoredyb baegn pylagin neots by iseflt dnguir teh Ear Turo sowh in Mssttaahucess. Swfit sqbeutulynse elxniaped ttha teh sienlgmye pdsesoess intrmuenst hda modaennctlifu arfet binge dmagade by rnia dgruin a pevousri coetncr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The church-tower was visible from here because the beginning of the path was covered by the pine trees. Suddenly the eagle swooped down from the ear tower in Mississaugness. Swiftly the scene transformed into the medieval times with the interior decorations in the modern style being changed by a divine power.", "scrambled": "Teh ctrha-trpope wsa vislbiy snkahe wnhe hre kaoredyb baegn pylagin neots by iseflt dnguir teh Ear Turo sowh in Mssttaahucess. Swfit sqbeutulynse elxniaped ttha teh sienlgmye pdsesoess intrmuenst hda modaennctlifu arfet binge dmagade by rnia dgruin a pevousri coetncr.", "original": "The chart-topper was visibly shaken when her keyboard began playing notes by itself during the Era Tour show in Massachusetts. Swift subsequently explained that the seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned after being damaged by rain during a previous concert.", "recovered": "The church-tower was visible from here because the beginning of the path was covered by the pine trees. Suddenly the eagle swooped down from the ear tower in Mississaugness. Swiftly the scene transformed into the medieval times with the interior decorations in the modern style being changed by a divine power."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh cepmrsoo\u2019s ctnrnaoooi ahntem wlil be pydale pucyllib fro teh fsitr teim as Knig Csrheal III is codwner in Wtrtniemess Aybbe on Sauryadt. Anrcgocdi to Llydo Webebr, teh manrcoh ruqtdeees tath teh tneu be \u201chbmluema\u201d adn crlueehf bceseua \u201che watsn teh atnhme sngu in cusrehch\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first person to complete the puzzle will receive a copy of King Charles III on Blu-ray. According to Llydo Webber, the manufacturer requires that the number be \u201chbmleuma\u201d and clueehf because \u201che wasn\u2019t the atomic singer in currech\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh cepmrsoo\u2019s ctnrnaoooi ahntem wlil be pydale pucyllib fro teh fsitr teim as Knig Csrheal III is codwner in Wtrtniemess Aybbe on Sauryadt. Anrcgocdi to Llydo Webebr, teh manrcoh ruqtdeees tath teh tneu be \u201chbmluema\u201d adn crlueehf bceseua \u201che watsn teh atnhme sngu in cusrehch\u201d.", "original": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung in churches\u201d.", "recovered": "The first person to complete the puzzle will receive a copy of King Charles III on Blu-ray. According to Llydo Webber, the manufacturer requires that the number be \u201chbmleuma\u201d and clueehf because \u201che wasn\u2019t the atomic singer in currech\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh cnoonoirta qceuih wsa cnseho by teh Knig adn Qeune Cortnso as teh sgeuegstd cepieercetn fro bgi lhucnse, strtee ptesair adn ohtre cmynotumi eenvst on 6 Mya. Rolya hade cfhe Makr Faaglann ceam up wiht teh riecpe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The conifers were created by the King and Queen Consort as the standard coinage during the beginning, street paving and other common uses around 6 Mya. Royalty had the Maker Fallowland design created with the recipe.", "scrambled": "Teh cnoonoirta qceuih wsa cnseho by teh Knig adn Qeune Cortnso as teh sgeuegstd cepieercetn fro bgi lhucnse, strtee ptesair adn ohtre cmynotumi eenvst on 6 Mya. Rolya hade cfhe Makr Faaglann ceam up wiht teh riecpe.", "original": "The coronation quiche was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties and other community events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Flanagan came up with the recipe.", "recovered": "The conifers were created by the King and Queen Consort as the standard coinage during the beginning, street paving and other common uses around 6 Mya. Royalty had the Maker Fallowland design created with the recipe."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh csieru siph Crailavn Suninseh wsa rekocd by a sotmr taht cusaed iinrroet wtear dmgeaa adn ddayele ist rnrtue to prto in Sothu Canilaro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The circus ship Crialavn Suninseh was recorded by a storm that caused extremely damaging winds and day long electrical outages that prevented reporting from South Canilaro.", "scrambled": "Teh csieru siph Crailavn Suninseh wsa rekocd by a sotmr taht cusaed iinrroet wtear dmgeaa adn ddayele ist rnrtue to prto in Sothu Canilaro.", "original": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage and delayed its return to port in South Carolina.", "recovered": "The circus ship Crialavn Suninseh was recorded by a storm that caused extremely damaging winds and day long electrical outages that prevented reporting from South Canilaro."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh dcseoiin wsa 6-3 wiht Cefih Jeticus Jhon Rbtsoer wirngti teh opnioni fro teh ceoinertvvas soiurymetrjap. Teh teerh lrablie deesnrstsi \u2014 Jssiecut Eelan Kgnaa, Siano Somortyao, adn Kjnaeit Bonwr Jscakno \u2014 siad teh mrtyioaj is balslaiyc mniakg pltoailci dssenoiic.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion from the court\u2019s majority. The three liberal justices \u2014 Jesse Curtis Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, and David Souter \u2014 said the decision was basically making plain that the court was sticking with its previous decision.", "scrambled": "Teh dcseoiin wsa 6-3 wiht Cefih Jeticus Jhon Rbtsoer wirngti teh opnioni fro teh ceoinertvvas soiurymetrjap. Teh teerh lrablie deesnrstsi \u2014 Jssiecut Eelan Kgnaa, Siano Somortyao, adn Kjnaeit Bonwr Jscakno \u2014 siad teh mrtyioaj is balslaiyc mniakg pltoailci dssenoiic.", "original": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative supermajority. The three liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically making political decisions.", "recovered": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion from the court\u2019s majority. The three liberal justices \u2014 Jesse Curtis Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, and David Souter \u2014 said the decision was basically making plain that the court was sticking with its previous decision."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh daitnecs is fra lses tnha teh nreyal 4.5 mesli credeov in Qenue Etbzhliea II\u2019s pncorioses in 1953, trrgeeigd csnerocn ttha wlel-wesihrs hnpoig to leni Lndoon\u2019s stesrte to wceleom teh kgin mya sleruggt to fidn secpa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The dimensions is from less than half of the average 4.5 million credit in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s coronation in 1953, triggering huge crowds to welcome the king\u2019s motorcade to find security.", "scrambled": "Teh daitnecs is fra lses tnha teh nreyal 4.5 mesli credeov in Qenue Etbzhliea II\u2019s pncorioses in 1953, trrgeeigd csnerocn ttha wlel-wesihrs hnpoig to leni Lndoon\u2019s stesrte to wceleom teh kgin mya sleruggt to fidn secpa.", "original": "The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s procession in 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets to welcome the king may struggle to find space.", "recovered": "The dimensions is from less than half of the average 4.5 million credit in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s coronation in 1953, triggering huge crowds to welcome the king\u2019s motorcade to find security."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh eeetfnscsifve of teh Coidv-19 vneisacc fdesa aertf sxi mtshno as lvlese of nigtzairnuel asbiitoend in teh boodl flla, sdietus swho. Wthi mayn polpee axsyuniol wnidergon hwo sono tyhe cna gte aonreth soth, US hlathe ocalfsifi aer nwo cisroidegnn anhtore rduno of blinetav btoesosr fro teh msto vbeeralunl Aemasrnic.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The severity of the COVID-19 virus depends a lot on the levels of nitric oxide present in the body, specifically in the blood flow to the lungs, studies show. This may explain why some people recover quickly from the disease, while others take a longer time, US health officials now consider a low level of nitric oxide in the blood as one of the red flags for the disease.", "scrambled": "Teh eeetfnscsifve of teh Coidv-19 vneisacc fdesa aertf sxi mtshno as lvlese of nigtzairnuel asbiitoend in teh boodl flla, sdietus swho. Wthi mayn polpee axsyuniol wnidergon hwo sono tyhe cna gte aonreth soth, US hlathe ocalfsifi aer nwo cisroidegnn anhtore rduno of blinetav btoesosr fro teh msto vbeeralunl Aemasrnic.", "original": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six months as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get another shot, US health officials are now considering another round of bivalent boosters for the most vulnerable Americans.", "recovered": "The severity of the COVID-19 virus depends a lot on the levels of nitric oxide present in the body, specifically in the blood flow to the lungs, studies show. This may explain why some people recover quickly from the disease, while others take a longer time, US health officials now consider a low level of nitric oxide in the blood as one of the red flags for the disease."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh evnte is oenft reeredrf to as \u201cFsahnio\u2019s Bigsget Nhitg.\u201d Tshi yrea, teh teehm wsa \u201cIn hnoor of Klar,\u201d a trbteiu to teh ltea dsrngeie Krla Leldrfgea.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The event is often referred to as \u201cFanshawe\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honour of Clara,\u201d a tribute to the late great Clara Leland.", "scrambled": "Teh evnte is oenft reeredrf to as \u201cFsahnio\u2019s Bigsget Nhitg.\u201d Tshi yrea, teh teehm wsa \u201cIn hnoor of Klar,\u201d a trbteiu to teh ltea dsrngeie Krla Leldrfgea.", "original": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "recovered": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFanshawe\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honour of Clara,\u201d a tribute to the late great Clara Leland."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh feac cogsirenv aer mdea of UV-ratitssen mrletaia adn aer ddsnegei to pcoettr teh weaerr\u2019s heda, faec adn nkce frmo snu eesproux. Fro mreo odd adn upexcneetd nswe, snig up to teh Tlal Tlsea nwleteerts.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The facade of the UV-ratitssen mrletaia adn aer ddsnegei to protect the weather\u2019s head, face adn neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tlal Tlsea newsletters.", "scrambled": "Teh feac cogsirenv aer mdea of UV-ratitssen mrletaia adn aer ddsnegei to pcoettr teh weaerr\u2019s heda, faec adn nkce frmo snu eesproux. Fro mreo odd adn upexcneetd nswe, snig up to teh Tlal Tlsea nwleteerts.", "original": "The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The facade of the UV-ratitssen mrletaia adn aer ddsnegei to protect the weather\u2019s head, face adn neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tlal Tlsea newsletters."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fgeuri is up 15 pnsito form 51% in Aripl, acdcgniro to plniglo fmro YvoouG. Oynl 17% of Birtshi atldsu heva a fblroeuvaa vwie of teh gorpu Jtus Stpo Oli, wcihh hsa dsirutdpe seelavr mrajo spgnriot evstne tish serumm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The furor is up 15 points to form 51% in Arizona, according to a poll from YvoouG. Only 17% of Birthshite voters have a favorable view of the GOP group, which has desired a female candidate in the upcoming presidential election.", "scrambled": "Teh fgeuri is up 15 pnsito form 51% in Aripl, acdcgniro to plniglo fmro YvoouG. Oynl 17% of Birtshi atldsu heva a fblroeuvaa vwie of teh gorpu Jtus Stpo Oli, wcihh hsa dsirutdpe seelavr mrajo spgnriot evstne tish serumm.", "original": "The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to polling from YouGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major sporting events this summer.", "recovered": "The furor is up 15 points to form 51% in Arizona, according to a poll from YvoouG. Only 17% of Birthshite voters have a favorable view of the GOP group, which has desired a female candidate in the upcoming presidential election."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fnail vtoe to edn teh Cvdoi-19 enrmeyceg deearcdl by tneh-Pndetsier Ddolna Tuprm in Mrahc of 2020 wsa oeeglnryhvilwm baisaptrni, 68-23. Teh jiotn ruioeslont, wihhc celrade teh Hsoue erarlei thsi yaer, nwo hdesa to Prdeinets Jeo Bdeni\u2019s dske.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The nail-biting wait for the COVID-19 vaccine developed by the Pfizer-BioNTech duo in March of 2020 was finally over, with the result being a unanimous approval, 68-23. The joint resolution, which celebrated the House\u2019s annual success this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "scrambled": "Teh fnail vtoe to edn teh Cvdoi-19 enrmeyceg deearcdl by tneh-Pndetsier Ddolna Tuprm in Mrahc of 2020 wsa oeeglnryhvilwm baisaptrni, 68-23. Teh jiotn ruioeslont, wihhc celrade teh Hsoue erarlei thsi yaer, nwo hdesa to Prdeinets Jeo Bdeni\u2019s dske.", "original": "The final vote to end the Covid-19 emergency declared by then-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which cleared the House earlier this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "recovered": "The nail-biting wait for the COVID-19 vaccine developed by the Pfizer-BioNTech duo in March of 2020 was finally over, with the result being a unanimous approval, 68-23. The joint resolution, which celebrated the House\u2019s annual success this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fmisr wree aols oredder to rayep a tlota of anurdo \u00a35 miinoll in lots wegas to 63,000 sffta, fonllwogi igvittasoienns by HRMC dnagit bcak to 2017. M&S, WimHtSh adn Arsog all sdai teh bcrseaeh weer uiinntntlenao adn hda bene slwyitf redeedmi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first wave were ordered to repay a total of \u00a35 million in overpaid tax to 63,000 customers, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, Waitrose and Asda all said the mistake were unintentional and had been slowly refunded.", "scrambled": "Teh fmisr wree aols oredder to rayep a tlota of anurdo \u00a35 miinoll in lots wegas to 63,000 sffta, fonllwogi igvittasoienns by HRMC dnagit bcak to 2017. M&S, WimHtSh adn Arsog all sdai teh bcrseaeh weer uiinntntlenao adn hda bene slwyitf redeedmi.", "original": "The firms were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied.", "recovered": "The first wave were ordered to repay a total of \u00a35 million in overpaid tax to 63,000 customers, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, Waitrose and Asda all said the mistake were unintentional and had been slowly refunded."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fsrti flootlab mtcha at wtha wsa tenh cldela teh Emriep Stduiam took pacle on 28 Airlp 1923. Digunr ist ceuyntr-lgon hrytios, Weylbem hsa bnee teh seti of Engnadl\u2019s 1966 Wolrd Cpu vrcoyti, teh 1985 Liev Adi cnrecot adn teh Linsseseo\u2019 voryitc in teh Wmone\u2019s Ersou ltas yrae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first flight laboratory match at Walthamstow was held on 28 April 1923. Digunr is a well-known cricket-lover, Welchman has been the setter of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Liv Adi cup record and the Linsseseo\u2019s very first in the Wmone\u2019s Ersou ltas yrar.", "scrambled": "Teh fsrti flootlab mtcha at wtha wsa tenh cldela teh Emriep Stduiam took pacle on 28 Airlp 1923. Digunr ist ceuyntr-lgon hrytios, Weylbem hsa bnee teh seti of Engnadl\u2019s 1966 Wolrd Cpu vrcoyti, teh 1985 Liev Adi cnrecot adn teh Linsseseo\u2019 voryitc in teh Wmone\u2019s Ersou ltas yrae.", "original": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euros last year.", "recovered": "The first flight laboratory match at Walthamstow was held on 28 April 1923. Digunr is a well-known cricket-lover, Welchman has been the setter of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Liv Adi cup record and the Linsseseo\u2019s very first in the Wmone\u2019s Ersou ltas yrar."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ftsir rllreo cesrtao in Amcirea odpnee on Conye Isdaln, in Bnkyrolo, Nwe Ykor, in 1884.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "scrambled": "Teh ftsir rllreo cesrtao in Amcirea odpnee on Conye Isdaln, in Bnkyrolo, Nwe Ykor, in 1884.", "original": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "recovered": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh fgla, cdearte by aitvstic Bne Htaih, fodrneu of teh Nnitloaa Jtenheeutn Coleetrnabi Fdionauotn, hsa a wteih sart in teh mlddei reennegptisr teh Loen Srta Staet of Txsae as wlel as teh fedemor of Aifacnr Acnmieras in all 50 stsaet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The flag, created by artist Barbara Brackman, features the official seal of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Foundation, Inc., and has a wide use in the middle of the Longhorn State of Texas as well as the federal government of Aifacnr Acnmieras in all 50 states.", "scrambled": "Teh fgla, cdearte by aitvstic Bne Htaih, fodrneu of teh Nnitloaa Jtenheeutn Coleetrnabi Fdionauotn, hsa a wteih sart in teh mlddei reennegptisr teh Loen Srta Staet of Txsae as wlel as teh fedemor of Aifacnr Acnmieras in all 50 stsaet.", "original": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haith, founder of the National Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the freedom of African Americans in all 50 states.", "recovered": "The flag, created by artist Barbara Brackman, features the official seal of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Foundation, Inc., and has a wide use in the middle of the Longhorn State of Texas as well as the federal government of Aifacnr Acnmieras in all 50 states."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh foerrm hheatl stcryerea btea rlvai Ktae Fsebor in teh btteal to reapcle Nolcia Sntoergu as larede of teh Soicstth Nonaltia Ptary, atefr Ahs Rnage wsa edanmitiel in teh ftsir-rnudo bltalo of pyatr mersbem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The former heatl stcryerea btea rlvai Ktae Fsebor in teh btteal to reapcle Nolcia Sntoergu as larede of teh Soicstth Nonaltia Ptary, atefr Ahs Rnage wsa edanmitiel in teh ftsir-rnudo bltalo of pyatr mersbem.", "scrambled": "Teh foerrm hheatl stcryerea btea rlvai Ktae Fsebor in teh btteal to reapcle Nolcia Sntoergu as larede of teh Soicstth Nonaltia Ptary, atefr Ahs Rnage wsa edanmitiel in teh ftsir-rnudo bltalo of pyatr mersbem.", "original": "The former health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola Sturgeon as leader of the Scottish National Party, after Ash Regan was eliminated in the first-round ballot of party members.", "recovered": "The former heatl stcryerea btea rlvai Ktae Fsebor in teh btteal to reapcle Nolcia Sntoergu as larede of teh Soicstth Nonaltia Ptary, atefr Ahs Rnage wsa edanmitiel in teh ftsir-rnudo bltalo of pyatr mersbem."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh freorm peirm mireints is cgentntois teh blil fro csots iucrrend at Cvnnhgeie Heuos in Kten dginur hre tneuer as fgenroi serycaret. Teh cstso rlpredtyoe iulecnd fodo, wnei adn mginssi ietms, btu Tssur sysa teh vats mytjaori of teh ivenico reatles to oafcliif getrnemvno bnssesiu, fro wihch seh wluod nto be laiebl, rthrea tnah pnraeols eexssnpe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The former president of Mexico, Vicente Fox, inaugurated the first college hospital in the country in the city of Guanajuato. This hospital is supported by private businesses and has the latest technology available. The cost of the project was $50 million dollars, which was paid for with private funds, not public money. This is a great example of the private sector solving important public needs, from which the government would not be able to stay away.", "scrambled": "Teh freorm peirm mireints is cgentntois teh blil fro csots iucrrend at Cvnnhgeie Heuos in Kten dginur hre tneuer as fgenroi serycaret. Teh cstso rlpredtyoe iulecnd fodo, wnei adn mginssi ietms, btu Tssur sysa teh vats mytjaori of teh ivenico reatles to oafcliif getrnemvno bnssesiu, fro wihch seh wluod nto be laiebl, rthrea tnah pnraeols eexssnpe.", "original": "The former prime minister is contesting the bill for costs incurred at Chevening House in Kent during her tenure as foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include food, wine and missing items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to official government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.", "recovered": "The former president of Mexico, Vicente Fox, inaugurated the first college hospital in the country in the city of Guanajuato. This hospital is supported by private businesses and has the latest technology available. The cost of the project was $50 million dollars, which was paid for with private funds, not public money. This is a great example of the private sector solving important public needs, from which the government would not be able to stay away."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ganti ssrhka wree mhcu wmrrea beodldo tnah ohetr siilarm secipse, aiocgncrd to nwe assniayl of thete fslossi. Teh fidinsgn mya piedvor cuesl aoutb wtha csduae teh maeodlngo to go ectnitx meor tahn theer mnollisi ysera aog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The giant squid has three main organs: the brain, the heart and the gut. The brain controls the other systems of the body by sending signals through the nerve network. The heart is a muscular organ that pumps the blood through the body. The gut is where the food is digested.", "scrambled": "Teh ganti ssrhka wree mhcu wmrrea beodldo tnah ohetr siilarm secipse, aiocgncrd to nwe assniayl of thete fslossi. Teh fidinsgn mya piedvor cuesl aoutb wtha csduae teh maeodlngo to go ectnitx meor tahn theer mnollisi ysera aog.", "original": "The giant sharks were much warmer blooded than other similar species, according to new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.", "recovered": "The giant squid has three main organs: the brain, the heart and the gut. The brain controls the other systems of the body by sending signals through the nerve network. The heart is a muscular organ that pumps the blood through the body. The gut is where the food is digested."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh gemnevtorn msdies Mynado\u2019s dliaeedn to hnad oerv Boisr Jnohosn\u2019s WahspptA msgsasee, bceesau teh freorm prmei msintrie wsa sida to hvea fonttroge teh pseadsoc fro hsi odl poenh. A sensspreookp fro teh ferorm pmeir mtseriin sida Joohnns wsishe to cteopeaor whit teh iynriqu. Anwdre Waeyhl, an epextr in ctbyyurecseri, dmdisesis Jnoohsn\u2019s paessodc cmlai, tgileln Syk Nwse it wsa a \u201cptyert lmea eecxus\u201d adn thta \u201caincssgce teh dtaa woldu taek metsuni\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Guardian reported that Mynado\u2019s decision to hand over Bosr Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages was a \u201cpartly legal\u201d excuse and that \u201canecdote about the data would take longer\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh gemnevtorn msdies Mynado\u2019s dliaeedn to hnad oerv Boisr Jnohosn\u2019s WahspptA msgsasee, bceesau teh freorm prmei msintrie wsa sida to hvea fonttroge teh pseadsoc fro hsi odl poenh. A sensspreookp fro teh ferorm pmeir mtseriin sida Joohnns wsishe to cteopeaor whit teh iynriqu. Anwdre Waeyhl, an epextr in ctbyyurecseri, dmdisesis Jnoohsn\u2019s paessodc cmlai, tgileln Syk Nwse it wsa a \u201cptyert lmea eecxus\u201d adn thta \u201caincssgce teh dtaa woldu taek metsuni\u201d.", "original": "The government missed Monday\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "recovered": "The Guardian reported that Mynado\u2019s decision to hand over Bosr Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages was a \u201cpartly legal\u201d excuse and that \u201canecdote about the data would take longer\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh gissueng geam bgane lsat wkee wneh teh boko aparpdee on mipltelu bokelerslo wssiebet udrne teh neam 4C Uedltnti Ftanilor Nnotficoin Suemrm 2023. Btu phiinlsgbu hseou Fltnairo Bkoos hsa sovedl teh myeryts by rveaiengl tath teh eleyarg aetidptncia rleseea is auotb teh K-ppo bnaobyd adn wlil be pbsihduel in Jylu udrne teh teitl Bnedyo teh Syotr: 10-Yaer Rrecdo of BST.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The guessing game began last week with the bookapedia on mobile bookerslo wassibet udrne teh name 4C Uedltnti Ftanilor Notification Summer 2023. But phiinlsgbu has solved the mystery by revealing that the clue is about the K-pop band ABYSS and will be published in July under the title BENDYO THE SYRUP: 10-Year Recodo of BST.", "scrambled": "Teh gissueng geam bgane lsat wkee wneh teh boko aparpdee on mipltelu bokelerslo wssiebet udrne teh neam 4C Uedltnti Ftanilor Nnotficoin Suemrm 2023. Btu phiinlsgbu hseou Fltnairo Bkoos hsa sovedl teh myeryts by rveaiengl tath teh eleyarg aetidptncia rleseea is auotb teh K-ppo bnaobyd adn wlil be pbsihduel in Jylu udrne teh teitl Bnedyo teh Syotr: 10-Yaer Rrecdo of BST.", "original": "The guessing game began last week when the book appeared on multiple bookseller websites under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. But publishing house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop boyband and will be published in July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "recovered": "The guessing game began last week with the bookapedia on mobile bookerslo wassibet udrne teh name 4C Uedltnti Ftanilor Notification Summer 2023. But phiinlsgbu has solved the mystery by revealing that the clue is about the K-pop band ABYSS and will be published in July under the title BENDYO THE SYRUP: 10-Year Recodo of BST."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh hdea of Lrzneaato\u2019s lcloa gvetrnenom tldo a tursmoi tread fari in Bneilr thta teh Cyaanr ilsdan\u2019s rsotesr hda beoemc oeylvr rnleita on \u201cmsas matekr\u201d hadyiemoklrsa form teh UK adn sldhuo be fusgoicn on vosrtisi frmo Gaynrem, \u201cwoh sdpne mero wnhe teyh aer hree\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The idea of Liz Neaato\u2019s local government getting together to tackle the problem of a toxic tread fari in Bneilr has the Cyaanr ilsdan\u2019s restorer had been become an eye-watering reality on \u201cmass maker\u201d hadyiemoklrsa form the UK and should be fusgoicn on vosrtisi from Gaynrem, \u201cwho sold the merino woollen they were wearing\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh hdea of Lrzneaato\u2019s lcloa gvetrnenom tldo a tursmoi tread fari in Bneilr thta teh Cyaanr ilsdan\u2019s rsotesr hda beoemc oeylvr rnleita on \u201cmsas matekr\u201d hadyiemoklrsa form teh UK adn sldhuo be fusgoicn on vosrtisi frmo Gaynrem, \u201cwoh sdpne mero wnhe teyh aer hree\u201d.", "original": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a tourism trade fair in Berlin that the Canary island\u2019s resorts had become overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the UK and should be focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cwho spend more when they are here\u201d.", "recovered": "The idea of Liz Neaato\u2019s local government getting together to tackle the problem of a toxic tread fari in Bneilr has the Cyaanr ilsdan\u2019s restorer had been become an eye-watering reality on \u201cmass maker\u201d hadyiemoklrsa form the UK and should be fusgoicn on vosrtisi from Gaynrem, \u201cwho sold the merino woollen they were wearing\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh hitcosri Ckdoore Hueos, in teh vgleail of Hylmie, hsa cdalle tiem fnilgwolo 192 yreas of tadigrn, aertf bgien sodl to a pveirat burye \u201cfro aantlivrete ues\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The door of the church of Hyl\u00e9mos has remained closed for 192 years, according to tradition, because of a vampire buried \u201cin order to be freed\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh hitcosri Ckdoore Hueos, in teh vgleail of Hylmie, hsa cdalle tiem fnilgwolo 192 yreas of tadigrn, aertf bgien sodl to a pveirat burye \u201cfro aantlivrete ues\u201d.", "original": "The historic Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has called time following 192 years of trading, after being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.", "recovered": "The door of the church of Hyl\u00e9mos has remained closed for 192 years, according to tradition, because of a vampire buried \u201cin order to be freed\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh itnncdmite msake Tpurm teh frsti ex-ptnresedi in US hoysrti to feac cnmilrai crgehsa. Teh ceas asgtain hmi csetern on an agedlel $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pteynma mead to audtl fmil srat Sytorm Dlensai dgnrui teh flnia dyas of teh 2016 pdltnesieria cmgnpiaa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The incident made Thomas Purma the first ex-president to face criminal charges. The case against him began on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payout made to audtl fmil srat System Dlensai dgnrui the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "scrambled": "Teh itnncdmite msake Tpurm teh frsti ex-ptnresedi in US hoysrti to feac cnmilrai crgehsa. Teh ceas asgtain hmi csetern on an agedlel $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) pteynma mead to audtl fmil srat Sytorm Dlensai dgnrui teh flnia dyas of teh 2016 pdltnesieria cmgnpiaa.", "original": "The indictment makes Trump the first ex-president in US history to face criminal charges. The case against him centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payment made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "recovered": "The incident made Thomas Purma the first ex-president to face criminal charges. The case against him began on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payout made to audtl fmil srat System Dlensai dgnrui the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh jnuirasolt adn arotuh is sigun teh fromre pteersndi fro betyrta adn dteimoaafn, cmniagil he rdape hre in a dtemrntpea serto cagnhgni rmoo in 1996 adn thne deinde it yrsea leart. Tpmur dnesei teh chgaser adn is nto edpctexe to aeprap in ctrou.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The jury awarded and additional $1.3 million from the remaining peer defendants, bringing the total awarded damages to $2.5 million. In 1996 the case went to trial.", "scrambled": "Teh jnuirasolt adn arotuh is sigun teh fromre pteersndi fro betyrta adn dteimoaafn, cmniagil he rdape hre in a dtemrntpea serto cagnhgni rmoo in 1996 adn thne deinde it yrsea leart. Tpmur dnesei teh chgaser adn is nto edpctexe to aeprap in ctrou.", "original": "The journalist and author is suing the former president for battery and defamation, claiming he raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it years later. Trump denies the charges and is not expected to appear in court.", "recovered": "The jury awarded and additional $1.3 million from the remaining peer defendants, bringing the total awarded damages to $2.5 million. In 1996 the case went to trial."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lmrnakda rilugn cclusoden a 10-yrea lglea ceas in wihch teh cuopel sthoug teh rgith to \u201ca qeuti lfei\u201d adn \u201crtse\u201d at tihre heom in Ciraenm, a drtiicst wthi bsgtulni netilhfig in teh nrtrehon ctyi of Bsareci.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The lorikeet remains common in a 10-year long greenie dream in which the coupels thought the right thing to do was to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201cretire\u201d at their home in Ciracna, a dystopian world with bestselling novels in the nation of Barecillia.", "scrambled": "Teh lmrnakda rilugn cclusoden a 10-yrea lglea ceas in wihch teh cuopel sthoug teh rgith to \u201ca qeuti lfei\u201d adn \u201crtse\u201d at tihre heom in Ciraenm, a drtiicst wthi bsgtulni netilhfig in teh nrtrehon ctyi of Bsareci.", "original": "The landmark ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling nightlife in the northern city of Brescia.", "recovered": "The lorikeet remains common in a 10-year long greenie dream in which the coupels thought the right thing to do was to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201cretire\u201d at their home in Ciracna, a dystopian world with bestselling novels in the nation of Barecillia."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lsta psearsneg rdeuesc hda bene ueidps dnwo fro moer tanh trehe husro arfte teh reid sdatlel. Teh rdei hsa bene typlarroiem clsoed wleih aetriohtsui ieenaisgtvt teh tyieifnrgr odreal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The last paragraph should be read from more than three hundred thousand feet above the ground, since the red sandstone is the reddest. The red has been typoed closed with aetriohitsui, which is not real.", "scrambled": "Teh lsta psearsneg rdeuesc hda bene ueidps dnwo fro moer tanh trehe husro arfte teh reid sdatlel. Teh rdei hsa bene typlarroiem clsoed wleih aetriohtsui ieenaisgtvt teh tyieifnrgr odreal.", "original": "The last passenger rescued had been upside down for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride has been temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.", "recovered": "The last paragraph should be read from more than three hundred thousand feet above the ground, since the red sandstone is the reddest. The red has been typoed closed with aetriohitsui, which is not real."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lsteta votycri pust Mna Ciyt jonti wthi Ansto Valli fro tlota FA Cpu telti wnsi. Teh rcdroe fro teh mtos wsni is hedl be Aslnrea, at 14, foldewlo by Mna Udt (12), adn Caheesl, Lpeolriov adn Tentotmha (all on 8).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The list of competitors at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang included many familiar faces from the FAC Cup. The record from the most successful nation was held by Australia, at 14 medals, followed by Norway (12), and Canada, Leo Poldmair and Tentotmha (all on 8).", "scrambled": "Teh lsteta votycri pust Mna Ciyt jonti wthi Ansto Valli fro tlota FA Cpu telti wnsi. Teh rcdroe fro teh mtos wsni is hedl be Aslnrea, at 14, foldewlo by Mna Udt (12), adn Caheesl, Lpeolriov adn Tentotmha (all on 8).", "original": "The latest victory puts Man City joint with Aston Villa for total FA Cup title wins. The record for the most wins is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham (all on 8).", "recovered": "The list of competitors at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang included many familiar faces from the FAC Cup. The record from the most successful nation was held by Australia, at 14 medals, followed by Norway (12), and Canada, Leo Poldmair and Tentotmha (all on 8)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh lfosfay at Deynsi aer ste to ipctma atubo 7,000 josb, COE Bbo Irge siad tshi wkee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The philosophy at Deynsi are the steps to impactful change, creating 7,000 jobs, COE Boirge said this week.", "scrambled": "Teh lfosfay at Deynsi aer ste to ipctma atubo 7,000 josb, COE Bbo Irge siad tshi wkee.", "original": "The layoffs at Disney are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week.", "recovered": "The philosophy at Deynsi are the steps to impactful change, creating 7,000 jobs, COE Boirge said this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh leuiesr adn hapiistloyt isurdtyn is snugltgrgi to rrovcee all teh wsoekrr it lsto deu to teh pcaenimd, rtenec dtaa fomr teh Bruaue of Lroba Saitssttci swohs. Tish sceotr hsa teh bisgget shaogter of weokrsr, dnow 349,000 peoelp, or 2% of teh ttaol per-pdnameci wkroeocfr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The leisure and hospitality industry is tightly connected to the overall performance of the economy, rendering data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics survey useful. This sector employs the biggest share of workers, now 349,000 people, or 2% of the total per-period workforce.", "scrambled": "Teh leuiesr adn hapiistloyt isurdtyn is snugltgrgi to rrovcee all teh wsoekrr it lsto deu to teh pcaenimd, rtenec dtaa fomr teh Bruaue of Lroba Saitssttci swohs. Tish sceotr hsa teh bisgget shaogter of weokrsr, dnow 349,000 peoelp, or 2% of teh ttaol per-pdnameci wkroeocfr.", "original": "The leisure and hospitality industry is struggling to recover all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This sector has the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce.", "recovered": "The leisure and hospitality industry is tightly connected to the overall performance of the economy, rendering data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics survey useful. This sector employs the biggest share of workers, now 349,000 people, or 2% of the total per-period workforce."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh linftgi of Tteli 42 mnaes ttah teh US gtmnneveor wlli renrut to a deesacd-odl sioncte of teh US cdeo knwno as Telti 8, whchi Holmeadn Sityrecu Styerarec Aaldreonj Mkyraosa hsa wderan wdoul cayrr \u201cmeor seeevr\u201d cnsouqeceens fro mgitnsar fduon to be egientrn teh ctyurno unuayllwfl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The launch of Telstar 42, the first commercial communications satellite to be placed in geostationary orbit over the US, will return to a special site of the US code known as Telstar 8, where Holmeadn Sityrecu Styerarec Aaldreonj Mkyraosa has wonder a wonderful device called \u201cmeor seeevr\u201d consouqeceens from mindsar fduon to be egientrn the cityurno unuayllwfl.", "scrambled": "Teh linftgi of Tteli 42 mnaes ttah teh US gtmnneveor wlli renrut to a deesacd-odl sioncte of teh US cdeo knwno as Telti 8, whchi Holmeadn Sityrecu Styerarec Aaldreonj Mkyraosa hsa wderan wdoul cayrr \u201cmeor seeevr\u201d cnsouqeceens fro mgitnsar fduon to be egientrn teh ctyurno unuayllwfl.", "original": "The lifting of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully.", "recovered": "The launch of Telstar 42, the first commercial communications satellite to be placed in geostationary orbit over the US, will return to a special site of the US code known as Telstar 8, where Holmeadn Sityrecu Styerarec Aaldreonj Mkyraosa has wonder a wonderful device called \u201cmeor seeevr\u201d consouqeceens from mindsar fduon to be egientrn the cityurno unuayllwfl."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh myaitrjo of Cianaifolr\u2019s cutienso wree urnde a sttea of eeyenmgcr deu to eesiscvxe rina adn foodilgn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The metabolism of Cianaifolr\u2019s customers were turned into a state of extreme hunger due to the scarcity of rice and food supplies.", "scrambled": "Teh myaitrjo of Cianaifolr\u2019s cutienso wree urnde a sttea of eeyenmgcr deu to eesiscvxe rina adn foodilgn.", "original": "The majority of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.", "recovered": "The metabolism of Cianaifolr\u2019s customers were turned into a state of extreme hunger due to the scarcity of rice and food supplies."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh mocociriscp rnuodwrmo, or neemdato, hda lina dtrmaon in Sianerib paetrmfsro seinc teh ltsa Iec Aeg. It wsa urehadtne fomr a fseslsdiio slequrri burwro ertcxdaet fmor teh nstthaeneorr Acticr in 2002.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The microciriscp rnuodwrmo, or neemdato, had a lina dtrmaon in Sianerib paetrmfsro seinc teh ltsa Iec Aeg. It was first detected from a field mouse in Slecuarburg, Germany in 2001 and in the wild in 2002.", "scrambled": "Teh mocociriscp rnuodwrmo, or neemdato, hda lina dtrmaon in Sianerib paetrmfsro seinc teh ltsa Iec Aeg. It wsa urehadtne fomr a fseslsdiio slequrri burwro ertcxdaet fmor teh nstthaeneorr Acticr in 2002.", "original": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in Siberian permafrost since the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from the northeastern Arctic in 2002.", "recovered": "The microciriscp rnuodwrmo, or neemdato, had a lina dtrmaon in Sianerib paetrmfsro seinc teh ltsa Iec Aeg. It was first detected from a field mouse in Slecuarburg, Germany in 2001 and in the wild in 2002."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh msingsi sctnoei dtesa bcka atosml 1,500 yrsae adn is oen of teh etlraies tosrsalniatn of teh Golpsse, adccringo to sitcentiss woh udse uolrtaitevl phohpgyaotr to fdin teh cahpter hnidde baeehtn treeh lyraes of txet on a mpsaurintc in teh Vanacti Lbirrya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The missingsi ctnoei dtesa bcka atosml 1,500 yrsae adn is one of the earliest sources relating to the Gospels, according to which use our ultratievel photography to find the chapter hidden behind three trees of text on a mammal inthe Vanacti Library.", "scrambled": "Teh msingsi sctnoei dtesa bcka atosml 1,500 yrsae adn is oen of teh etlraies tosrsalniatn of teh Golpsse, adccringo to sitcentiss woh udse uolrtaitevl phohpgyaotr to fdin teh cahpter hnidde baeehtn treeh lyraes of txet on a mpsaurintc in teh Vanacti Lbirrya.", "original": "The missing section dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet photography to find the chapter hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican Library.", "recovered": "The missingsi ctnoei dtesa bcka atosml 1,500 yrsae adn is one of the earliest sources relating to the Gospels, according to which use our ultratievel photography to find the chapter hidden behind three trees of text on a mammal inthe Vanacti Library."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh nwe Cvido-19 vecscina, wchih shlduo be raedy by teh edn of Srepbmeet, will be mdea alabaevil diectylr fomr teh mutusreacarfn on teh ceomlmrcai meatkr, rhatre thna troughh teh US grnmtvneoe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The new Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturer on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "scrambled": "Teh nwe Cvido-19 vecscina, wchih shlduo be raedy by teh edn of Srepbmeet, will be mdea alabaevil diectylr fomr teh mutusreacarfn on teh ceomlmrcai meatkr, rhatre thna troughh teh US grnmtvneoe.", "original": "The new Covid-19 vaccines, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "recovered": "The new Covid-19 vaccine, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturer on the commercial market, rather than through the US government."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh nywel ancoundne csat of teh unpcoimg ehgti-prta sresei \u2013 ste in teh ctu-thotar wdrlo of idenenpdtne teeisinovl in 1980s Enlgadn \u2013 asol ilnuecsd Aiadn Tenrur, Creali Rkrboosuh, Orevil Csihr adn Eilmy Aatkc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The newel arrival of the internet-powered search engine \u2013 stemmed in the cultural phenomenon of 1980s England \u2013 also inspired Aiadn Tenrur, Creali Rkrboosuh, Orevil Csihr adn Eilmy Aatkc.", "scrambled": "Teh nywel ancoundne csat of teh unpcoimg ehgti-prta sresei \u2013 ste in teh ctu-thotar wdrlo of idenenpdtne teeisinovl in 1980s Enlgadn \u2013 asol ilnuecsd Aiadn Tenrur, Creali Rkrboosuh, Orevil Csihr adn Eilmy Aatkc.", "original": "The newly announced cast of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 also includes Aidan Turner, Claire Rushbrook, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.", "recovered": "The newel arrival of the internet-powered search engine \u2013 stemmed in the cultural phenomenon of 1980s England \u2013 also inspired Aiadn Tenrur, Creali Rkrboosuh, Orevil Csihr adn Eilmy Aatkc."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh oli adn gsa canymop hsa bene aesdcuc of a \u201cpeoiigernrft bnaznoa\u201d aeftr mkngia elntivuaeq to \u00a3986 pre sneocd in teh frtsi qeturra of 2023, as hohlousesd sturlgeg wthi a csto-of-lgnivi crsisi llaeryg dveirn by itdnfael eernyg bllis. BP tsih weke acondunne psftrio of \u00a34bn fro teh seam pderoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The oil and gas giant BP made a staggering \u00a34bn write-down on the value of its oil reserves this week, as the global credit crunch unleashed by the US sub-prime mortgage crisis begins to bite. The move followed a similar announcement by another oil giant, ExxonMobil, last week, which wrote down the value of its reserves by $3.2bn.", "scrambled": "Teh oli adn gsa canymop hsa bene aesdcuc of a \u201cpeoiigernrft bnaznoa\u201d aeftr mkngia elntivuaeq to \u00a3986 pre sneocd in teh frtsi qeturra of 2023, as hohlousesd sturlgeg wthi a csto-of-lgnivi crsisi llaeryg dveirn by itdnfael eernyg bllis. BP tsih weke acondunne psftrio of \u00a34bn fro teh seam pderoi.", "original": "The oil and gas company has been accused of a \u201cprofiteering bonanza\u201d after making equivalent to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as households struggle with a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period.", "recovered": "The oil and gas giant BP made a staggering \u00a34bn write-down on the value of its oil reserves this week, as the global credit crunch unleashed by the US sub-prime mortgage crisis begins to bite. The move followed a similar announcement by another oil giant, ExxonMobil, last week, which wrote down the value of its reserves by $3.2bn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh oporeatr of teh bsu reuot, whcih tmnaesietr at teh Pshilo sadisee rrtoes of Hle, is mkgani teh nmae cgehan fgownloil psrrseeu fmro riulisgeo gorsup. Fro mreo odd adn ucxenetdep nwse, sgni up to teh Tlal Tsela netltwrsee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The operator of the bus route, which transports tourists around the city, is making the name change gradual process from official guidelines. For more odd and unusual news, sign up to the Tal Tsela newsletter.", "scrambled": "Teh oporeatr of teh bsu reuot, whcih tmnaesietr at teh Pshilo sadisee rrtoes of Hle, is mkgani teh nmae cgehan fgownloil psrrseeu fmro riulisgeo gorsup. Fro mreo odd adn ucxenetdep nwse, sgni up to teh Tlal Tsela netltwrsee.", "original": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Polish seaside resort of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The operator of the bus route, which transports tourists around the city, is making the name change gradual process from official guidelines. For more odd and unusual news, sign up to the Tal Tsela newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh owsl hvae bnee nemda Alx, afret ftmaonnr Alx Reso, adn Shlas, in horuon of teh badn\u2019s gsraituti, arfte bgine fuodn uerdn teh sgeat dgrniu teh bdna\u2019s hnealedi ste at teh fesltaiv. Fro mreo odd adn ueetcxpdne nswe, sngi up to teh Tlal Tslea neewerltst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The owls have been named Alex, after formation of Alex Reso, and Shlas, in honour of the band\u2019s greatuit, are beginning to feed the young in the nest at the festival. For more odd and unique experiences, sing up to the Tal Tsla newsltest.", "scrambled": "Teh owsl hvae bnee nemda Alx, afret ftmaonnr Alx Reso, adn Shlas, in horuon of teh badn\u2019s gsraituti, arfte bgine fuodn uerdn teh sgeat dgrniu teh bdna\u2019s hnealedi ste at teh fesltaiv. Fro mreo odd adn ueetcxpdne nswe, sngi up to teh Tlal Tslea neewerltst.", "original": "The owls have been named Axl, after frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s guitarist, after being found under the stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The owls have been named Alex, after formation of Alex Reso, and Shlas, in honour of the band\u2019s greatuit, are beginning to feed the young in the nest at the festival. For more odd and unique experiences, sing up to the Tal Tsla newsltest."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ptary\u2019s curertn salogn, \u201cBidlu a bertte Braitin\u201d, wsa idoendcrtu in Mchra. Rcteen YoGuvo plilgno fnduo tath alotsm hlfa of Btorisn tknhi Samretr hsa flieda to ste otu a calre vsniio fro teh pytra in hsi trhee ysrea as leraed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The parrot\u2019s curious salutation, \u201cBidlu a bertte Braitin\u201d, was decoded in Michel. Repeated YouGuvo pligno found that alphabet sometimes in British taken him several years to figure out the code in his three years as a slave.", "scrambled": "Teh ptary\u2019s curertn salogn, \u201cBidlu a bertte Braitin\u201d, wsa idoendcrtu in Mchra. Rcteen YoGuvo plilgno fnduo tath alotsm hlfa of Btorisn tknhi Samretr hsa flieda to ste otu a calre vsniio fro teh pytra in hsi trhee ysrea as leraed.", "original": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was introduced in March. Recent YouGov polling found that almost half of Britons think Starmer has failed to set out a clear vision for the party in his three years as leader.", "recovered": "The parrot\u2019s curious salutation, \u201cBidlu a bertte Braitin\u201d, was decoded in Michel. Repeated YouGuvo pligno found that alphabet sometimes in British taken him several years to figure out the code in his three years as a slave."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh pirme mrtieins is unred itsnaoiventig by Plarneimat\u2019s sazeel wgdhcota oevr aoilasgtlen of a pslesibo frueali to daecelr sarshe hdel by hsi weif in a cdahercli ancgye btsdoeo by teh rntece Bgtdeu. Sukna hsa aols fdcae sntiurcy orve issseu ilgnnicud hsi wfei\u2019s nno-dmo txa sutsat, hsi US geenr cdra adn hsi dgo-wilagnk hbiats.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The prime minister is unmoved by Plarneimat\u2019s sizeable workforce of oevr aoilasgtlen of a pslesibo frueali to daecelr sarshe hdel by hsi weif in a cdahercli ancgye btsdoeo by teh rntece Bgtdeu. Such aols fdcae sntiurcy orve issseu ilgnnicud hsi wfei\u2019s nno-dmo txa sutsat, hsi US geenr cdra adn hsi dgo-wilagnk hbiats.", "scrambled": "Teh pirme mrtieins is unred itsnaoiventig by Plarneimat\u2019s sazeel wgdhcota oevr aoilasgtlen of a pslesibo frueali to daecelr sarshe hdel by hsi weif in a cdahercli ancgye btsdoeo by teh rntece Bgtdeu. Sukna hsa aols fdcae sntiurcy orve issseu ilgnnicud hsi wfei\u2019s nno-dmo txa sutsat, hsi US geenr cdra adn hsi dgo-wilagnk hbiats.", "original": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze watchdog over allegations of a possible failure to declare shares held by his wife in a childcare agency boosted by the recent Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny over issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and his dog-walking habits.", "recovered": "The prime minister is unmoved by Plarneimat\u2019s sizeable workforce of oevr aoilasgtlen of a pslesibo frueali to daecelr sarshe hdel by hsi weif in a cdahercli ancgye btsdoeo by teh rntece Bgtdeu. Such aols fdcae sntiurcy orve issseu ilgnnicud hsi wfei\u2019s nno-dmo txa sutsat, hsi US geenr cdra adn hsi dgo-wilagnk hbiats."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rcaseerh fdoun tath mne snpte \u00a3920 on aevagre fro ciaeborelstn in teh UK, whlei wmneo tlycliapy pida \u00a3652. Fro a stga or hne do aodrab, mne spten an araeveg of \u00a31,256, wheil wmeno froedk otu \u00a31,158.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The research found that men spend an average of \u00a3920 on alcohol every year in the UK, while women spend an average of \u00a3652. For a standard or average household, men spend a total of \u00a31,256, while women spend an average of \u00a31,158.", "scrambled": "Teh rcaseerh fdoun tath mne snpte \u00a3920 on aevagre fro ciaeborelstn in teh UK, whlei wmneo tlycliapy pida \u00a3652. Fro a stga or hne do aodrab, mne spten an araeveg of \u00a31,256, wheil wmeno froedk otu \u00a31,158.", "original": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for celebrations in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women forked out \u00a31,158.", "recovered": "The research found that men spend an average of \u00a3920 on alcohol every year in the UK, while women spend an average of \u00a3652. For a standard or average household, men spend a total of \u00a31,256, while women spend an average of \u00a31,158."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rdeevis sgrettya iusnclde dsezon of meserusa rgannig fmro ignsicaern UK wndi, srlao adn neclrua eynger to itinvesgn in cnroba catrepu adn sgrteao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Great grey shrike is a species of migrating from UK winter, stay and nest in croba catrepu and sgrteao.", "scrambled": "Teh rdeevis sgrettya iusnclde dsezon of meserusa rgannig fmro ignsicaern UK wndi, srlao adn neclrua eynger to itinvesgn in cnroba catrepu adn sgrteao.", "original": "The revised strategy includes dozens of measures ranging from increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to investing in carbon capture and storage.", "recovered": "Great grey shrike is a species of migrating from UK winter, stay and nest in croba catrepu and sgrteao."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rcok satr\u2019s crcoent in Faerarr, wtih a cowdr of 50,000 fasn, drwe cmitrcsii fmro a loalc criconlolu woh dmeeed it iienventssi to teh \u201cpian, dstaneoiper, adn dfcsiiueflti\u201d fcade by fdool eucvseae naer teh wsotr of teh detiassr, meyler 30 mlsie aayw.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rock star\u2019s corpse in Faro, with a cold of 50,000 fasn, drew crowds from a local circus who deemed it an opportunity to the \u201cpian, dstaneoiper, and dfcsiiueflti\u201d face by fool eucvseae near the worst of the detiassr, meyler 30 mlsie aayw.", "scrambled": "Teh rcok satr\u2019s crcoent in Faerarr, wtih a cowdr of 50,000 fasn, drwe cmitrcsii fmro a loalc criconlolu woh dmeeed it iienventssi to teh \u201cpian, dstaneoiper, adn dfcsiiueflti\u201d fcade by fdool eucvseae naer teh wsotr of teh detiassr, meyler 30 mlsie aayw.", "original": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "recovered": "The rock star\u2019s corpse in Faro, with a cold of 50,000 fasn, drew crowds from a local circus who deemed it an opportunity to the \u201cpian, dstaneoiper, and dfcsiiueflti\u201d face by fool eucvseae near the worst of the detiassr, meyler 30 mlsie aayw."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh rsule wloud ruereqi etirlcce vhlcesei to aonctcu fro up to tow-tdhisr of nwe crsa sldo in teh US by 2032 in wtha wlodu be oen of teh Bdnie aninmtdsroiiat\u2019s mtos avgrgsesie catlemi-cehnga psliieco yte.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rule would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new car sales in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive steps yet to combat climate change.", "scrambled": "Teh rsule wloud ruereqi etirlcce vhlcesei to aonctcu fro up to tow-tdhisr of nwe crsa sldo in teh US by 2032 in wtha wlodu be oen of teh Bdnie aninmtdsroiiat\u2019s mtos avgrgsesie catlemi-cehnga psliieco yte.", "original": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies yet.", "recovered": "The rule would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new car sales in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive steps yet to combat climate change."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh sxi-prta swoh, hdetso by Aann Rsdhnciora, fsateeru asuldt rnmgevio theri coslteh in fntor of teeaengsr, spkainrg cirtciims frmo virsewe adn Csnervovteai MsP.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The secret world, revealed by Ann Randhurst, features technology that allows people to communicate with animals and even MSPs.", "scrambled": "Teh sxi-prta swoh, hdetso by Aann Rsdhnciora, fsateeru asuldt rnmgevio theri coslteh in fntor of teeaengsr, spkainrg cirtciims frmo virsewe adn Csnervovteai MsP.", "original": "The six-part show, hosted by Anna Richardson, features adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from viewers and Conservative MPs.", "recovered": "The secret world, revealed by Ann Randhurst, features technology that allows people to communicate with animals and even MSPs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh so-cellda \u201cccoenai hpospi\u201d aer dscaeedsntn of furo buhtogr to Claiobom by leat dugrdlor Plabo Eorasbc. Wngsanri thta tehy peos a siurose tahrte to hnsuma adn oehrt wldifiel heav iidseefinnt aretf a nwe cenuss fdnou ttha teh ivaesnvi hpoip pnpoilotau hsa eddpnxae to up to 215.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The so-called \u201ccoena\u201d or \u201ccoenaculum\u201d was the main meal of the day eaten in the late afternoon, and was followed by a light supper (scientia media) in the early evening. The main meal was typically composed of bread, wine, vegetables, and perhaps some meat or fish. In summer, dinner might be served as late as 10 p.m. or even midnight.", "scrambled": "Teh so-cellda \u201cccoenai hpospi\u201d aer dscaeedsntn of furo buhtogr to Claiobom by leat dugrdlor Plabo Eorasbc. Wngsanri thta tehy peos a siurose tahrte to hnsuma adn oehrt wldifiel heav iidseefinnt aretf a nwe cenuss fdnou ttha teh ivaesnvi hpoip pnpoilotau hsa eddpnxae to up to 215.", "original": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by late druglord Pablo Escobar. Warnings that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have intensified after a new census found that the invasive hippo population has expanded to up to 215.", "recovered": "The so-called \u201ccoena\u201d or \u201ccoenaculum\u201d was the main meal of the day eaten in the late afternoon, and was followed by a light supper (scientia media) in the early evening. The main meal was typically composed of bread, wine, vegetables, and perhaps some meat or fish. In summer, dinner might be served as late as 10 p.m. or even midnight."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh strat of teh seigrn\u2019s wldro tuor in Solhoktmc lsta mtohn tgegdrier a seikp in dandme at htsloe adn rtesaausnrt tath hsa nwo bnee lndike to hreihg-tanh-eexdetcp intonilaf of 9.7% in Mya. Fro meor odd adn ucpetxende nwse, sngi up to teh Tall Talse nlreesetwt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The start of the Seigrin\u2019s World Tour in Solihull last month triggered a seizure in a spectator at the event and that has now become known to hearing-aid-expert CP fitters as a possible cause of theILAF of 9.7% in Mya. For more odd and unexpected news, sing i up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "scrambled": "Teh strat of teh seigrn\u2019s wldro tuor in Solhoktmc lsta mtohn tgegdrier a seikp in dandme at htsloe adn rtesaausnrt tath hsa nwo bnee lndike to hreihg-tanh-eexdetcp intonilaf of 9.7% in Mya. Fro meor odd adn ucpetxende nwse, sngi up to teh Tall Talse nlreesetwt.", "original": "The start of the singer\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month triggered a spike in demand at hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-expected inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The start of the Seigrin\u2019s World Tour in Solihull last month triggered a seizure in a spectator at the event and that has now become known to hearing-aid-expert CP fitters as a possible cause of theILAF of 9.7% in Mya. For more odd and unexpected news, sing i up to the Tall Tales newsletter."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh somrts wree rereodtp arcsos Oahlmoka, Knsaas adn Ioaw, wiht teh msto dmgeaa repdeort in Omkoahal, aidroccgn to ofcisalfi. At lseta furo cimordfne teosondra mevdo aocssr teh saett adn kencokd otu peorw fro atbou 20,000 heosm adn busneesiss.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma City, according to officials. At least four tornadoes touched down across the state and killed two people from about 20,000 homes and businesses.", "scrambled": "Teh somrts wree rereodtp arcsos Oahlmoka, Knsaas adn Ioaw, wiht teh msto dmgeaa repdeort in Omkoahal, aidroccgn to ofcisalfi. At lseta furo cimordfne teosondra mevdo aocssr teh saett adn kencokd otu peorw fro atbou 20,000 heosm adn busneesiss.", "original": "The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. At least four confirmed tornadoes moved across the state and knocked out power for about 20,000 homes and businesses.", "recovered": "The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma City, according to officials. At least four tornadoes touched down across the state and killed two people from about 20,000 homes and businesses."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh stimpnug by Aaslaiutr\u2019s Axel Cyear tdegrgeri uoprra amogn fnsa, woh adegru thta wiehl aewodll urden ccrtiek rseul, teh mveo wsa nto in teh \u201csiitrp of teh gema\u201d. Ciitsrc iugndicln Gfyroeef Bttoocy hvae caeldl on Aaistrlua to aseioolpg, wlhie teh railv tame cminpdeoal of \u201caivsegergs adn aievsbu\u201d buaeroihv by Mnoyrbelea Ckertci Cbul (MCC) mbeemrs fwnilgolo Braswoit\u2019s dssmilasi in Syaudn\u2019s snoedc Asesh Ttes at Ldor\u2019s.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The stadium was filled with fans, who were eager to watch the world cup final, the most awaited football match of the year. Citigroup bought out Bank of America\u2019s MBNA credit card business in Brazil from Banco Brasileiro S.A. in S\u00e3o Paulo, as part of its global expansion.", "scrambled": "Teh stimpnug by Aaslaiutr\u2019s Axel Cyear tdegrgeri uoprra amogn fnsa, woh adegru thta wiehl aewodll urden ccrtiek rseul, teh mveo wsa nto in teh \u201csiitrp of teh gema\u201d. Ciitsrc iugndicln Gfyroeef Bttoocy hvae caeldl on Aaistrlua to aseioolpg, wlhie teh railv tame cminpdeoal of \u201caivsegergs adn aievsbu\u201d buaeroihv by Mnoyrbelea Ckertci Cbul (MCC) mbeemrs fwnilgolo Braswoit\u2019s dssmilasi in Syaudn\u2019s snoedc Asesh Ttes at Ldor\u2019s.", "original": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Alex Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Critics including Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to apologise, while the rival team complained of \u201caggressive and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members following Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s second Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.", "recovered": "The stadium was filled with fans, who were eager to watch the world cup final, the most awaited football match of the year. Citigroup bought out Bank of America\u2019s MBNA credit card business in Brazil from Banco Brasileiro S.A. in S\u00e3o Paulo, as part of its global expansion."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh sntgnniu cllpsoea of tow Aimnraec bsank \u2013 Scnilio Vyaell Bkan adn Sitrugena Bnka \u2013 lde to widl mtkear sgsinw aertf aarnmgli Wlla Setert ivostnesr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The secret code of two anagrams unscrambles \u2013 Secretly Yell Back and Situation Bank \u2013 to reveal the wild mouse secret agent in the story.", "scrambled": "Teh sntgnniu cllpsoea of tow Aimnraec bsank \u2013 Scnilio Vyaell Bkan adn Sitrugena Bnka \u2013 lde to widl mtkear sgsinw aertf aarnmgli Wlla Setert ivostnesr.", "original": "The stunning collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank \u2013 led to wild market swings after alarming Wall Street investors.", "recovered": "The secret code of two anagrams unscrambles \u2013 Secretly Yell Back and Situation Bank \u2013 to reveal the wild mouse secret agent in the story."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh svyuer of 22,000 austdl in 29 cesuontri fdonu ttha Bsitr hda teh tihrd msot psvtoeii aduttite to rgeefsue, arfte Snipa adn Nwe Zdaeanl. Teh gblaol areagev of alsutd woh beelvei rgsueeef mkea a \u201cpovteisi ciiuttnonorb\u201d wsa 45%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that beer had the third most popular alcoholic drink with adults, after wine and spirits. The global average percentage of alcohol consumed by adults who believe they make a \u201cpoor choice sometimes\u201d was 45%.", "scrambled": "Teh svyuer of 22,000 austdl in 29 cesuontri fdonu ttha Bsitr hda teh tihrd msot psvtoeii aduttite to rgeefsue, arfte Snipa adn Nwe Zdaeanl. Teh gblaol areagev of alsutd woh beelvei rgsueeef mkea a \u201cpovteisi ciiuttnonorb\u201d wsa 45%.", "original": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Spain and New Zealand. The global average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%.", "recovered": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that beer had the third most popular alcoholic drink with adults, after wine and spirits. The global average percentage of alcohol consumed by adults who believe they make a \u201cpoor choice sometimes\u201d was 45%."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh tehc lrdasee cldale fro a pusea in teh \u201cotu of ctornol\u201d aliciiraft inellgentcei rcea. Teh lrtete siad AI lsba aer rgniush to dvelepo adn dolype \u201cerve meor plwruofe dlaigit mdsin tath no oen \u2013 nto evne terhi croersat \u2013 cna utreddsnna, pdtirce, or raeyilbl cloonrt.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Lord of the Rings series could have come from a puzzle in the \u201cout of the cornfield\u201d algorithm that artificially increased intelligence. The letter said AI is like a region that develops and develops \u201cmore proof of the lie that no one \u2013 not even a cross-examination \u2013 can understand, perceive, or read.\u201d", "scrambled": "Teh tehc lrdasee cldale fro a pusea in teh \u201cotu of ctornol\u201d aliciiraft inellgentcei rcea. Teh lrtete siad AI lsba aer rgniush to dvelepo adn dolype \u201cerve meor plwruofe dlaigit mdsin tath no oen \u2013 nto evne terhi croersat \u2013 cna utreddsnna, pdtirce, or raeyilbl cloonrt.\u201d.", "original": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence race. The letter said AI labs are rushing to develop and deploy \u201cever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.", "recovered": "The Lord of the Rings series could have come from a puzzle in the \u201cout of the cornfield\u201d algorithm that artificially increased intelligence. The letter said AI is like a region that develops and develops \u201cmore proof of the lie that no one \u2013 not even a cross-examination \u2013 can understand, perceive, or read.\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh tlria oevr a 2016 sinkig actdceni ilngovniv Gtnwyhe Potwlra bnaeg thsi wkee. A 76-yaer-odl mna aelesgl Prowtal \u201csedik otu of coontlr\u201d adn rna iont hmi, csiugan srosieu ieujnsri. Teh aessrct, on teh othre hdan, felid a cuutistreno alggeiln teh mna rna iont hre.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The trial of a 2016 sinking of a Indonesian ferry boat, which killed more than a thousand people, began this week. A 76-year-old man was sentenced to prison \u201cfor controlling the company\u201d and ran out of the court, causing a scuffle inside the court. The assorter, on the other hand, felt a cutistreno algorithm the man ran out of the court.", "scrambled": "Teh tlria oevr a 2016 sinkig actdceni ilngovniv Gtnwyhe Potwlra bnaeg thsi wkee. A 76-yaer-odl mna aelesgl Prowtal \u201csedik otu of coontlr\u201d adn rna iont hmi, csiugan srosieu ieujnsri. Teh aessrct, on teh othre hdan, felid a cuutistreno alggeiln teh mna rna iont hre.", "original": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving Gwyneth Paltrow began this week. A 76-year-old man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The actress, on the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.", "recovered": "The trial of a 2016 sinking of a Indonesian ferry boat, which killed more than a thousand people, began this week. A 76-year-old man was sentenced to prison \u201cfor controlling the company\u201d and ran out of the court, causing a scuffle inside the court. The assorter, on the other hand, felt a cutistreno algorithm the man ran out of the court."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ucnerwde eonrveda, knwno as teh Pchyes moisnsi, will sned teh ftrsi NAAS sfcacertpa dsnedige to suydt a mtillcae adoirtse. It is ste to luahnc in Obretco, NAAS sdai.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Underwoodedeonerville, known as the Pchyes monthsi, will send the first NAAS science teacher to study a microbial adoirtse. It is set to launch in Obretco, NAAS space day.", "scrambled": "Teh ucnerwde eonrveda, knwno as teh Pchyes moisnsi, will sned teh ftrsi NAAS sfcacertpa dsnedige to suydt a mtillcae adoirtse. It is ste to luahnc in Obretco, NAAS sdai.", "original": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will send the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said.", "recovered": "The Underwoodedeonerville, known as the Pchyes monthsi, will send the first NAAS science teacher to study a microbial adoirtse. It is set to launch in Obretco, NAAS space day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ueeniiditndf direbs is aoutb teh szie of a slmla cra adn wsa fundo wheads up on a reetom bchae semo 150 mlsie nhrot of Pehrt. Diesbr hsa bene acnigcru in sapce aunodr oru pntale scine teh fsitr rtkeoc lunhseca in teh laet 1950s, whit an eaemidstt 36,500 oescjtb grtraee tnah 10cm in nrea-Erhat otirb, acgdrnico to teh Erapenou Spcea Aecygn (EAS).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The size of the smallest creature that has ever been sent into space, was found on a beach somewhere around 150 miles north of Perth.", "scrambled": "Teh ueeniiditndf direbs is aoutb teh szie of a slmla cra adn wsa fundo wheads up on a reetom bchae semo 150 mlsie nhrot of Pehrt. Diesbr hsa bene acnigcru in sapce aunodr oru pntale scine teh fsitr rtkeoc lunhseca in teh laet 1950s, whit an eaemidstt 36,500 oescjtb grtraee tnah 10cm in nrea-Erhat otirb, acgdrnico to teh Erapenou Spcea Aecygn (EAS).", "original": "The unidentified debris is about the size of a small car and was found washed up on a remote beach some 150 miles north of Perth. Debris has been accruing in space around our planet since the first rocket launches in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "recovered": "The size of the smallest creature that has ever been sent into space, was found on a beach somewhere around 150 miles north of Perth."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh veiod atackt ad wsa cedtrea ungis acarlfiiti ineitlcleneg adn dcsitep \u201ca scendo Bdeni trme pdleagu by diasrtses\u201d, sida Qtaurz.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The video attack ad was created by centreatreaungis acarlfiiti ineitlcleneg adn dcsitep \u201ca scendo Bdeni trme pdleagu by diasrtses\u201d, side Qtaurz.", "scrambled": "Teh veiod atackt ad wsa cedtrea ungis acarlfiiti ineitlcleneg adn dcsitep \u201ca scendo Bdeni trme pdleagu by diasrtses\u201d, sida Qtaurz.", "original": "The video attack ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by disasters\u201d, said Quartz.", "recovered": "The video attack ad was created by centreatreaungis acarlfiiti ineitlcleneg adn dcsitep \u201ca scendo Bdeni trme pdleagu by diasrtses\u201d, side Qtaurz."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh wldro\u2019s hestppai crtynuo is Fiandln, aircdncgo to teh aaulnn Wlrdo Hssneiapp Reotrp, wchih rsnak crsnituoe baeds llagrye on lfie eavoatsuinl fomr teh Gaplul Wldor Plol. Teh US, Fcaenr, adn Inderla ddi nto crcka teh tpo 10.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The world\u2019s largest crocodile is the saltwater crocodile, according to the authoritative World Record Academy, which ranks crocodiles based on length. The US, Fcaenr, and Inderla did not crack the top 10.", "scrambled": "Teh wldro\u2019s hestppai crtynuo is Fiandln, aircdncgo to teh aaulnn Wlrdo Hssneiapp Reotrp, wchih rsnak crsnituoe baeds llagrye on lfie eavoatsuinl fomr teh Gaplul Wldor Plol. Teh US, Fcaenr, adn Inderla ddi nto crcka teh tpo 10.", "original": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on life evaluations from the Gallup World Poll. The US, France, and Ireland did not crack the top 10.", "recovered": "The world\u2019s largest crocodile is the saltwater crocodile, according to the authoritative World Record Academy, which ranks crocodiles based on length. The US, Fcaenr, and Inderla did not crack the top 10."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh ythou-odteeirn nesw orgonintaias, onec hldiae as oen of teh msto eixtncig maedi sartt-usp in teh iudrnsty, hsa rentleyc flide fro bpnkaycurt in teh US. Tish trnu of eetsnv mkrsa a signatcfnii dlawnofl, cdirnongeis tath it wsa ocen vuadel at naryle $6 boinill. Fdni otu meor on teh laetst eisdpeo of \u201cTeh Weke Updwreapn\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The YouTube video, one of the most existing medical start-ups in the industry, has recently filed from bankruptcy court in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downward decline, indicating that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Weekly Wrap-up\u201d.", "scrambled": "Teh ythou-odteeirn nesw orgonintaias, onec hldiae as oen of teh msto eixtncig maedi sartt-usp in teh iudrnsty, hsa rentleyc flide fro bpnkaycurt in teh US. Tish trnu of eetsnv mkrsa a signatcfnii dlawnofl, cdirnongeis tath it wsa ocen vuadel at naryle $6 boinill. Fdni otu meor on teh laetst eisdpeo of \u201cTeh Weke Updwreapn\u201d.", "original": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downfall, considering that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "recovered": "The YouTube video, one of the most existing medical start-ups in the industry, has recently filed from bankruptcy court in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downward decline, indicating that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Weekly Wrap-up\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh \u201cBaberi\u201d moiev, fmor dreitrco Geatr Geirgw, srecdo teh lasergt oingenp wnkeede of 2023, pigulnl in $155 mliolni dtlmaeyoilsc ovre ist oginpne wdekene adn $337 milionl golabyll.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The \u201cBaberi\u201d movie, directed by Geatr Geirgw, earned the largest gross of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "scrambled": "Teh \u201cBaberi\u201d moiev, fmor dreitrco Geatr Geirgw, srecdo teh lasergt oingenp wnkeede of 2023, pigulnl in $155 mliolni dtlmaeyoilsc ovre ist oginpne wdekene adn $337 milionl golabyll.", "original": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "recovered": "The \u201cBaberi\u201d movie, directed by Geatr Geirgw, earned the largest gross of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh \u201cwrdol\u2019s lrtsgea ubarn curoottinscn pcjoter in wdoo\u201d wlil be btliu in Slmokothc, adunncneo Sdenew, wihch clduo peva teh wya fro slraimi streurctsu in teh feutru. Auhlghto teh panl culdo be mroe ssnbauleait tnha ttriainaodl cucnittonsro, there aer cecrnnso auotb polantiet frie hszdara. Fidn otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uadweprpn psdtaco.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The \u201cwordle\u2019s lettersgea ubarn curoottinscn pcjoter in wdoo\u201d will be btliu in Smokothc, adunncneo Sdenew, which could pave the way for steam structures in the future. Although the panel could be more ssnbauleait than trainaodl cucnittonsro, there are certain advantages autoeb polantiet frie hszdara. Find out more what The Week Underwriter psdtaco.", "scrambled": "Teh \u201cwrdol\u2019s lrtsgea ubarn curoottinscn pcjoter in wdoo\u201d wlil be btliu in Slmokothc, adunncneo Sdenew, wihch clduo peva teh wya fro slraimi streurctsu in teh feutru. Auhlghto teh panl culdo be mroe ssnbauleait tnha ttriainaodl cucnittonsro, there aer cecrnnso auotb polantiet frie hszdara. Fidn otu meor whti Teh Wkee Uadweprpn psdtaco.", "original": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest urban construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional construction, there are concerns about potential fire hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The \u201cwordle\u2019s lettersgea ubarn curoottinscn pcjoter in wdoo\u201d will be btliu in Smokothc, adunncneo Sdenew, which could pave the way for steam structures in the future. Although the panel could be more ssnbauleait than trainaodl cucnittonsro, there are certain advantages autoeb polantiet frie hszdara. Find out more what The Week Underwriter psdtaco."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Three weer 13 sstra adn 13 setirsp on teh ftisr US fgla to rrseteepn teh 13 oglirian sestat, as derdalce in teh Flga Ruoosltien of Jeun 14, 1777 \u2013 a dya nwo kownn as Fgla Dya.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Three weer 13 sstra adn 13 setirsp on teh ftisr US fgla to rrseteepn teh 13 oglirian sestat, as derdalce in teh Flga Ruoosltien of Jeun 14, 1777 \u2013 a dya nwo kownn as Fgla Dya.", "scrambled": "Three weer 13 sstra adn 13 setirsp on teh ftisr US fgla to rrseteepn teh 13 oglirian sestat, as derdalce in teh Flga Ruoosltien of Jeun 14, 1777 \u2013 a dya nwo kownn as Fgla Dya.", "original": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "recovered": "Three weer 13 sstra adn 13 setirsp on teh ftisr US fgla to rrseteepn teh 13 oglirian sestat, as derdalce in teh Flga Ruoosltien of Jeun 14, 1777 \u2013 a dya nwo kownn as Fgla Dya."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsih weke, Sneate Motaijyr Lardee Cchku Srecmhu sdia teh FAD sduhol iteagveisnt teh hgih cfaneeif cntoent in Pmrei Enregy disnkr adn teh cmapnyo\u2019s mtrnakgei etffrso trawdo clndrehi on scloai miead.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Switcheo, a mobile app company, recently launched a new ad campaign that focuses on the high amount of creativity that goes into making the app.", "scrambled": "Tsih weke, Sneate Motaijyr Lardee Cchku Srecmhu sdia teh FAD sduhol iteagveisnt teh hgih cfaneeif cntoent in Pmrei Enregy disnkr adn teh cmapnyo\u2019s mtrnakgei etffrso trawdo clndrehi on scloai miead.", "original": "This week, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing efforts toward children on social media.", "recovered": "Switcheo, a mobile app company, recently launched a new ad campaign that focuses on the high amount of creativity that goes into making the app."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsamho Jefsoerfn adn Jnoh Aasdm ddei wtinih hsrou of ehac oetrh on Jyul 4, 1826. Jfeoefnsr wsa 83 adn Asmda wsa 90.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "scrambled": "Tsamho Jefsoerfn adn Jnoh Aasdm ddei wtinih hsrou of ehac oetrh on Jyul 4, 1826. Jfeoefnsr wsa 83 adn Asmda wsa 90.", "original": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "recovered": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Toudasnsh of dskes wree ste up aglno teh iocinc avnuee boefre prtaistcniap tkoo prta in a sieres of slpnglei bese on Snauyd. Fro mreo odd adn uxenpdtcee nsew, snig up to teh Tlla Tlesa nrewttelse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Lots of dishes were set up along the island before prepping ingredients for pasta.", "scrambled": "Toudasnsh of dskes wree ste up aglno teh iocinc avnuee boefre prtaistcniap tkoo prta in a sieres of slpnglei bese on Snauyd. Fro mreo odd adn uxenpdtcee nsew, snig up to teh Tlla Tlesa nrewttelse.", "original": "Thousands of desks were set up along the iconic avenue before participants took part in a series of spelling bees on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Lots of dishes were set up along the island before prepping ingredients for pasta."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tsnoahsud of dosg pacdrttaieip in teh Wrnteeitmss Dgo Swho. A ptiet btaess gfroifn Vnend\u00e9e naedm Bdduy Holyl beeacm teh frits of hsi beerd to wni teh pisortsiegu cnotets\u2019s tpo pezir.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sudden of the dog pack attacked in the West End. A piece of bread thrown from a car window by a person in Vend\u00e9e became the first beer mats to perish.", "scrambled": "Tsnoahsud of dosg pacdrttaieip in teh Wrnteeitmss Dgo Swho. A ptiet btaess gfroifn Vnend\u00e9e naedm Bdduy Holyl beeacm teh frits of hsi beerd to wni teh pisortsiegu cnotets\u2019s tpo pezir.", "original": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit basset griffon Vend\u00e9en named Buddy Holly became the first of his breed to win the prestigious contest\u2019s top prize.", "recovered": "Sudden of the dog pack attacked in the West End. A piece of bread thrown from a car window by a person in Vend\u00e9e became the first beer mats to perish."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teerh Jstu Spto Oli prseeotrst ienurptertd a poarenfmcer on Thusaydr of Fsrinca Pcelonu\u2019s \u201cDsliegauo dse Cts\u00e9emiarl\u201d at teh orape fvatisle, in Esat Susesx. Teh paoeemfcnrr rtsateerd areft a 20-mitune dayle fnogilolw teh rlovame of teh aitvsisct, woh weer nto aterrdse.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This year on Thursday of the fifth month, a powerful typhoon approached Japan. According to the forecast, the typhoon will pass over eastern Suseshima.", "scrambled": "Teerh Jstu Spto Oli prseeotrst ienurptertd a poarenfmcer on Thusaydr of Fsrinca Pcelonu\u2019s \u201cDsliegauo dse Cts\u00e9emiarl\u201d at teh orape fvatisle, in Esat Susesx. Teh paoeemfcnrr rtsateerd areft a 20-mitune dayle fnogilolw teh rlovame of teh aitvsisct, woh weer nto aterrdse.", "original": "Three Just Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the opera festival, in East Sussex. The performance restarted after a 20-minute delay following the removal of the activists, who were not arrested.", "recovered": "This year on Thursday of the fifth month, a powerful typhoon approached Japan. According to the forecast, the typhoon will pass over eastern Suseshima."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tehre MldDcaon\u2019s fshnrsieace in Ktukceny aer fncaig hytef fsnie fro vltiinoga cilhd lrbao lswa aetrf cirdlhne as ygonu as 10 ysaer odl wree funod wkgnrio ltae at ngtih \u2014 siemsoetm ulint 2 a.m.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " There\u2019s a message in Kikuyu that\u2019s being formed from very fine frost from vapor coming in contact with cold air as the temperature drops \u2014 something only 2 a.m. would know.", "scrambled": "Tehre MldDcaon\u2019s fshnrsieace in Ktukceny aer fncaig hytef fsnie fro vltiinoga cilhd lrbao lswa aetrf cirdlhne as ygonu as 10 ysaer odl wree funod wkgnrio ltae at ngtih \u2014 siemsoetm ulint 2 a.m.", "original": "Three McDonald\u2019s franchisees in Kentucky are facing hefty fines for violating child labor laws after children as young as 10 years old were found working late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.", "recovered": "There\u2019s a message in Kikuyu that\u2019s being formed from very fine frost from vapor coming in contact with cold air as the temperature drops \u2014 something only 2 a.m. would know."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: TikkTo COE Suho Cewh tditeeifs boeerf Cseorgns fro teh frsti tmei. He rcdeieve freeic cisitcirm fmro lrkweamsa, inclnidug clsal fro teh app to be bnedan.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This is the first time that a company has received feedback from customers for its service via live streams. He received free ice cream from larkmarsa, including class from the app to be banned.", "scrambled": "TikkTo COE Suho Cewh tditeeifs boeerf Cseorgns fro teh frsti tmei. He rcdeieve freeic cisitcirm fmro lrkweamsa, inclnidug clsal fro teh app to be bnedan.", "original": "TikTok CEO Shou Chew testified before Congress for the first time. He received fierce criticism from lawmakers, including calls for the app to be banned.", "recovered": "This is the first time that a company has received feedback from customers for its service via live streams. He received free ice cream from larkmarsa, including class from the app to be banned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teuodt as teh \u201cmsto aaddcevn poarlnes ectleornic dcevie eevr\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hsaetde bslden dailitg cennott whit teh pclishya wolrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Bowers & Wilkins PX7 S2 are the \u201cmost advanced portable headphones ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) setde bluetooth headphones with the publicya world.", "scrambled": "Teuodt as teh \u201cmsto aaddcevn poarlnes ectleornic dcevie eevr\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) hsaetde bslden dailitg cennott whit teh pclishya wolrd.", "original": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world.", "recovered": "The Bowers & Wilkins PX7 S2 are the \u201cmost advanced portable headphones ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) setde bluetooth headphones with the publicya world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Taerdr Jeo\u2019s anuncedno a rallce of tow tespy of cekosoi, sntgtai tyhe mya cntioan a fgonrei mtraleai \u2014 rskoc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Teacher Jeo announced there will be a total of two types of check-in, standard and premium \u2014 rocket.", "scrambled": "Taerdr Jeo\u2019s anuncedno a rallce of tow tespy of cekosoi, sntgtai tyhe mya cntioan a fgonrei mtraleai \u2014 rskoc.", "original": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, stating they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.", "recovered": "Teacher Jeo announced there will be a total of two types of check-in, standard and premium \u2014 rocket."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tipcolra onasec heva boeemc geerrne in teh psta tow dsadece, rtcenefigl chsenga in theri eosecystsm taht heva mero ppytkolnhtnao peenstr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Look before you leap.", "scrambled": "Tipcolra onasec heva boeemc geerrne in teh psta tow dsadece, rtcenefigl chsenga in theri eosecystsm taht heva mero ppytkolnhtnao peenstr.", "original": "Tropical oceans have become greener in the past two decades, reflecting changes in their ecosystems that have more phytoplankton present.", "recovered": "Look before you leap."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tmrpu wsa hnddea dnow a trhid ietitnmndc tish wkee, adn poiatclli asyatnls sya tish oen mya be teh msto ctlnoeeuinsqa. He wsa psrliyoevu iecddnit fro hsi imnnevelotv in a hshu-meyno seehcm breefo he bmeeca pdreesnit adn fro teh adlegle mgnanihdsli of csfidealsi mlraeiat aetrf he letf oieffc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This week, and possibly for some time to come, the most critical issues facing the country are the president\u2019s decision and the growing influence of radical Islam in the Middle East. He was particularly concerned about the increasing number of home-grown terrorist cells in a handful of Western European countries.", "scrambled": "Tmrpu wsa hnddea dnow a trhid ietitnmndc tish wkee, adn poiatclli asyatnls sya tish oen mya be teh msto ctlnoeeuinsqa. He wsa psrliyoevu iecddnit fro hsi imnnevelotv in a hshu-meyno seehcm breefo he bmeeca pdreesnit adn fro teh adlegle mgnanihdsli of csfidealsi mlraeiat aetrf he letf oieffc.", "original": "Trump was handed down a third indictment this week, and political analysts say this one may be the most consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.", "recovered": "This week, and possibly for some time to come, the most critical issues facing the country are the president\u2019s decision and the growing influence of radical Islam in the Middle East. He was particularly concerned about the increasing number of home-grown terrorist cells in a handful of Western European countries."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Trtewti is nwo X. Msku rdcaleep Tweritt\u2019s gallboyl roneiecdzg buel brdi loog, wchih hda bene in ues fro mroe tnha a deedca, as prat of a raldcai rbarnedgin.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Treasure is now X. Masked dancers performed Trerit\u2019s galliardron\u00e9e with bows and lutes, which had been in use for more than a century, as part of a royal ballet.", "scrambled": "Trtewti is nwo X. Msku rdcaleep Tweritt\u2019s gallboyl roneiecdzg buel brdi loog, wchih hda bene in ues fro mroe tnha a deedca, as prat of a raldcai rbarnedgin.", "original": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized blue bird logo, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding.", "recovered": "Treasure is now X. Masked dancers performed Trerit\u2019s galliardron\u00e9e with bows and lutes, which had been in use for more than a century, as part of a royal ballet."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ttrweti\u2019s trltdoaaiin brdi inco wsa traoeiymlrp rpadelec whit an iagem of a Siahb Iun dgo, an aapeptrn ndo to deonigco, teh joek ccnytuyerprcro taht COE Eonl Mksu is binge sude orve.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The title of this article is \u201cThe Chimera of a Permanent Global Currency\u201d and it features an image of a Chinese Yuan dragon, a proposal to demonetize gold, the joke central banksters are making that the \u201cCOE\u201d (Committee of European Central Bankers) is being serious or even literate.", "scrambled": "Ttrweti\u2019s trltdoaaiin brdi inco wsa traoeiymlrp rpadelec whit an iagem of a Siahb Iun dgo, an aapeptrn ndo to deonigco, teh joek ccnytuyerprcro taht COE Eonl Mksu is binge sude orve.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traditional bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency that CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "recovered": "The title of this article is \u201cThe Chimera of a Permanent Global Currency\u201d and it features an image of a Chinese Yuan dragon, a proposal to demonetize gold, the joke central banksters are making that the \u201cCOE\u201d (Committee of European Central Bankers) is being serious or even literate."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Triwtte\u2019s tafircf tekdna folglowin teh lanhuc of Maet\u2019s rliva app Trsahde, whhic tedopp mero tnha 100 mionlli usrse wiitnh feiv dysa aeftr ist dtueb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Trident, the landuc of Maet\u2019s rliva app Trsahde, wihc tedopp mero tnha 100 mionlli usrse wiitnh feiv dysa aeftr ist dtueb.", "scrambled": "Triwtte\u2019s tafircf tekdna folglowin teh lanhuc of Maet\u2019s rliva app Trsahde, whhic tedopp mero tnha 100 mionlli usrse wiitnh feiv dysa aeftr ist dtueb.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traffic tanked following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app Threads, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after its debut.", "recovered": "Trident, the landuc of Maet\u2019s rliva app Trsahde, wihc tedopp mero tnha 100 mionlli usrse wiitnh feiv dysa aeftr ist dtueb."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tnoyhpo Druiosk depmdu an eniret mnoht\u2019s wrhot of rilalafn on Biejign in olyn 48 hrous, skiapgrn rsceeu mnoisssi fro sruvirsov tpapedr by fdoodle ssetter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Today, Druiosk is a popular destination for tourists, with over 48,000 visitors arriving by air each year, and serves as a major financial center for the region.", "scrambled": "Tnoyhpo Druiosk depmdu an eniret mnoht\u2019s wrhot of rilalafn on Biejign in olyn 48 hrous, skiapgrn rsceeu mnoisssi fro sruvirsov tpapedr by fdoodle ssetter.", "original": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking rescue missions for survivors trapped by flooded streets.", "recovered": "Today, Druiosk is a popular destination for tourists, with over 48,000 visitors arriving by air each year, and serves as a major financial center for the region."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: UK hueos pirsce heav hda tirhe begsitg aulnna flla in nyaelr 14 yarse, aoicndrgc to Btnriai\u2019s lstager mggratoe lndree, Neiidwtoan. Teh 3.4% drpo in Mya is teh bsitgeg sienc Jylu 2009, wneh heosu pseric depdorp by 6.2%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the World Factbook, the United Kingdom is the third largest economy as of June 2009, contributing 14.0% of the world\u2019s gross domestic product.", "scrambled": "UK hueos pirsce heav hda tirhe begsitg aulnna flla in nyaelr 14 yarse, aoicndrgc to Btnriai\u2019s lstager mggratoe lndree, Neiidwtoan. Teh 3.4% drpo in Mya is teh bsitgeg sienc Jylu 2009, wneh heosu pseric depdorp by 6.2%.", "original": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "recovered": "According to the World Factbook, the United Kingdom is the third largest economy as of June 2009, contributing 14.0% of the world\u2019s gross domestic product."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Uikraen asceucd Mooswc of hongild Bauselr \u201cas a nceralu htgesoa\u201d afrte teh Rinussa pedirsten tehdteeanr to sitnota tlacicat narucle wponesa in teh nguongrhebii nitona, adn Naot cmondened hsi \u201cdnoseurag adn ipnseobresrli rtcirheo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Moscow Treaty was signed by the United States and other nations after the Russian revolution to prohibit the use of nuclear weapons in warfare, and NATO was later formed as a defensive alliance.", "scrambled": "Uikraen asceucd Mooswc of hongild Bauselr \u201cas a nceralu htgesoa\u201d afrte teh Rinussa pedirsten tehdteeanr to sitnota tlacicat narucle wponesa in teh nguongrhebii nitona, adn Naot cmondened hsi \u201cdnoseurag adn ipnseobresrli rtcirheo\u201d.", "original": "Ukraine accused Moscow of holding Belarus \u201cas a nuclear hostage\u201d after the Russian president threatened to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and irresponsible rhetoric\u201d.", "recovered": "The Moscow Treaty was signed by the United States and other nations after the Russian revolution to prohibit the use of nuclear weapons in warfare, and NATO was later formed as a defensive alliance."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Urieakn\u2019s gtneemrvno ivdeitn Lzui Iicno\u00e1 Laul da Sailv to vstii aefrt he cdeaus csroonttannei aogmn Kivy\u2019s Wetnres aesill by uigngr teh US to \u201cspto eunginrcoga teh wra\u201d teehr adn ciglnal fro a peaec dlea wtih Rausis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited Elon Musk to join a team of international experts who are working to find a solution to the war in Ukraine.", "scrambled": "Urieakn\u2019s gtneemrvno ivdeitn Lzui Iicno\u00e1 Laul da Sailv to vstii aefrt he cdeaus csroonttannei aogmn Kivy\u2019s Wetnres aesill by uigngr teh US to \u201cspto eunginrcoga teh wra\u201d teehr adn ciglnal fro a peaec dlea wtih Rausis.", "original": "Ukraine\u2019s government invited Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to visit after he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging the US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a peace deal with Russia.", "recovered": "Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited Elon Musk to join a team of international experts who are working to find a solution to the war in Ukraine."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Veimatn hsa bnndea clemciroam sensigncer of teh Bbeira flim, otu on 21 Jluy, oevr a mpa tath aeprspa to swho Bgjenii\u2019s \u201cnnei-dhas lein\u201d in teh Shuto Cianh Sae thta mraks dtpiudse tirrtyore. Fdin otu mreo whit Teh Week Uwpneaprd paodstc.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Beira film, which premiered on 21 July, features a map of the Berlin S-Bahn that marks thirty stations. Find out more with The Week Upnepard post.", "scrambled": "Veimatn hsa bnndea clemciroam sensigncer of teh Bbeira flim, otu on 21 Jluy, oevr a mpa tath aeprspa to swho Bgjenii\u2019s \u201cnnei-dhas lein\u201d in teh Shuto Cianh Sae thta mraks dtpiudse tirrtyore. Fdin otu mreo whit Teh Week Uwpneaprd paodstc.", "original": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that appears to show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea that marks disputed territory. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The Beira film, which premiered on 21 July, features a map of the Berlin S-Bahn that marks thirty stations. Find out more with The Week Upnepard post."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vairl fgaoeot sodehw vsroisti at Fodalir\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptgnait a kiiw, a nlnotruac bdir, unrde bigthr ltsihg diurgn a $25 \u201cKwii Eenructon\u201d eexcneirep. Teh zoo agodolespi fro haigvn \u201cofeddnef a ntoani\u201d fnlolgiow an orytuc in Nwe Zldaaen, wrhee kiswi aer a treuaserd naoianlt inco.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A kiwi, a nocturnal bird, went into a $25 \u201cKiwii Enructon\u201d exhibit. The zoo agodolesepi from haigvn \u201cofeddnef a notoani\u201d following an outbreak in New Zealand, where kiwi are a treasured native bird species.", "scrambled": "Vairl fgaoeot sodehw vsroisti at Fodalir\u2019s Zoo Mmiai ptgnait a kiiw, a nlnotruac bdir, unrde bigthr ltsihg diurgn a $25 \u201cKwii Eenructon\u201d eexcneirep. Teh zoo agodolespi fro haigvn \u201cofeddnef a ntoani\u201d fnlolgiow an orytuc in Nwe Zldaaen, wrhee kiswi aer a treuaserd naoianlt inco.", "original": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights during a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. The zoo apologised for having \u201coffended a nation\u201d following an outcry in New Zealand, where kiwis are a treasured national icon.", "recovered": "A kiwi, a nocturnal bird, went into a $25 \u201cKiwii Enructon\u201d exhibit. The zoo agodolesepi from haigvn \u201cofeddnef a notoani\u201d following an outbreak in New Zealand, where kiwi are a treasured native bird species."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vanwksolge is rlanlgeci 143,000 of ist Astla SVsU deu to a \u201csrpcioda\u201d iuses deceedtt in seom pesgranes-sied araisgb ttha cna shtwci teh snoesr off urden creaint cntsniodoi.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Vanwksolge is releasing 143,000 of its Astla SVsU due to a \u201csrpcioda\u201d iuses deceedtt in seom pesgranes-sied araisgb ttha cna shtwci teh snoesr off urden creaint cntsniodoi.", "scrambled": "Vanwksolge is rlanlgeci 143,000 of ist Astla SVsU deu to a \u201csrpcioda\u201d iuses deceedtt in seom pesgranes-sied araisgb ttha cna shtwci teh snoesr off urden creaint cntsniodoi.", "original": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected in some passenger-side airbags that can switch the sensor off under certain conditions.", "recovered": "Vanwksolge is releasing 143,000 of its Astla SVsU due to a \u201csrpcioda\u201d iuses deceedtt in seom pesgranes-sied araisgb ttha cna shtwci teh snoesr off urden creaint cntsniodoi."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Wnioshgtan cdeonidsre renmitreet atfre oen trem, btu asecaissot idoemlrp hmi to sevre an adtilondai foru ysaer in teh fcae of eimggrne pctlialoi dsoisvini ttha mnay freeda wduol pllu teh yugno ctnoyur artpa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many people died during the Second World War, including six million Jewish people.", "scrambled": "Wnioshgtan cdeonidsre renmitreet atfre oen trem, btu asecaissot idoemlrp hmi to sevre an adtilondai foru ysaer in teh fcae of eimggrne pctlialoi dsoisvini ttha mnay freeda wduol pllu teh yugno ctnoyur artpa.", "original": "Washington considered retirement after one term, but associates implored him to serve an additional four years in the face of emerging political divisions that many feared would pull the young country apart.", "recovered": "Many people died during the Second World War, including six million Jewish people."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Wlsle Fgora hsa adreeg to pya $1 bnoilil to stelet a lwsitau anisgcuc it of dgruafdein ssroerahehdl oerv ist tmeenttra of crusoestm. Sneic 2016, Wlsle Fgaro hsa pida or ste aised bniillos of doasllr to rosleve ryugarotel psbero adn lnioigiatt cinrgnncoe ist bnuisess praietccs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle claims it opened unauthorized accounts in its retail banking business. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid out dollars to customers to resolve allegations of ruining retirees\u2019 pensions and ignoring criminal conduct in its business practices.", "scrambled": "Wlsle Fgora hsa adreeg to pya $1 bnoilil to stelet a lwsitau anisgcuc it of dgruafdein ssroerahehdl oerv ist tmeenttra of crusoestm. Sneic 2016, Wlsle Fgaro hsa pida or ste aised bniillos of doasllr to rosleve ryugarotel psbero adn lnioigiatt cinrgnncoe ist bnuisess praietccs.", "original": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding shareholders over its treatment of customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to resolve regulatory probes and litigation concerning its business practices.", "recovered": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle claims it opened unauthorized accounts in its retail banking business. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid out dollars to customers to resolve allegations of ruining retirees\u2019 pensions and ignoring criminal conduct in its business practices."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cEigyerhtvn Erhwreeyve All at Ocne\u201d detdomian teh Ocsasr on Sadynu. Teh flim wno mtos of teh bgi adsarw, idniguncl btes pietcur adn dcgniietr. Mlceheli Yohe wno btse artssec in a ldinage reol, wleih Ke Hyu Qnau adn Jaeim Lee Ctuisr wno btes arcot adn bset asetcsr in sgriuppotn rlseo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \u201cEighteen Reasons Why I Hate You\u201d debuted on Netflix on Saturday. The film which stars of the big actors, includes plenty of plot twists. Miley Cyrus who stars in a leading role, and Kai-Ming Lee Curtis who stars in supporting roles, are also the best actors in their group of friends.", "scrambled": "\u201cEigyerhtvn Erhwreeyve All at Ocne\u201d detdomian teh Ocsasr on Sadynu. Teh flim wno mtos of teh bgi adsarw, idniguncl btes pietcur adn dcgniietr. Mlceheli Yohe wno btse artssec in a ldinage reol, wleih Ke Hyu Qnau adn Jaeim Lee Ctuisr wno btes arcot adn bset asetcsr in sgriuppotn rlseo.", "original": "\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sunday. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.", "recovered": "\u201cEighteen Reasons Why I Hate You\u201d debuted on Netflix on Saturday. The film which stars of the big actors, includes plenty of plot twists. Miley Cyrus who stars in a leading role, and Kai-Ming Lee Curtis who stars in supporting roles, are also the best actors in their group of friends."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cYuo\u2019ll be surerpids at wath yuo cna gte at Adil,\u201d sida Teh Temsi, wihch ltdise \u201cgeroircse, prowe disrll, ibaflnselta, sneiwg mihaencs\u201d adn a \u201cRmnoa miosac\u201d. Teh \u201calhyoigcrlecaaol siiiafcgnnt\u201d dvsoeyirc psnoti to teh estcxenie of a hghi-sutsat Rmnoa heous, or dsomu.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " You\u2019ll be sure of the purity of what you can get at Adil,\u201d said Teh Temsi, who listed \u201cgeroircse, prowe disrll, ibaflnselta, sneiwg mihaencs\u201d and a \u201cRmnoa miosac\u201d. The \u201calhyoigcrlecaaol siiiafcgnnt\u201d dsoeysirc psnoti to teh estcxenie of a hghi-sutsat Rmnoa heous, or dsomu.", "scrambled": "\u201cYuo\u2019ll be surerpids at wath yuo cna gte at Adil,\u201d sida Teh Temsi, wihch ltdise \u201cgeroircse, prowe disrll, ibaflnselta, sneiwg mihaencs\u201d adn a \u201cRmnoa miosac\u201d. Teh \u201calhyoigcrlecaaol siiiafcgnnt\u201d dvsoeyirc psnoti to teh estcxenie of a hghi-sutsat Rmnoa heous, or dsomu.", "original": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Aldi,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201carchaeologically significant\u201d discovery points to the existence of a high-status Roman house, or domus.", "recovered": "You\u2019ll be sure of the purity of what you can get at Adil,\u201d said Teh Temsi, who listed \u201cgeroircse, prowe disrll, ibaflnselta, sneiwg mihaencs\u201d and a \u201cRmnoa miosac\u201d. The \u201calhyoigcrlecaaol siiiafcgnnt\u201d dsoeysirc psnoti to teh estcxenie of a hghi-sutsat Rmnoa heous, or dsomu."}
