{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A reGebr baby ulfaorm was titbudiserd to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have ta home and cdisadr sehot that may eb affected.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A reGebr baby ulfaorm was titbudiserd to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have   ", "scrambled": "A reGebr baby ulfaorm was titbudiserd to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have ta home and cdisadr sehot that may eb affected.", "original": "A Gerber baby formula was distributed to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have at home and discard those that may be affected.", "recovered": "A reGebr baby ulfaorm was titbudiserd to stores despite a recall over possible contamination, according to the FDA. The company is encouraging parents to check any products they have"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A child in ianeM has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. ihleW the virus asw declared eliminated mreo than two sdeceda ago, health fliasoicf say vaccination rates ni the US have dropped ni recent years, sparking new outbreaks.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A child in ianeM has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. ihleW the virus asw declared eliminated mreo than two sdeceda ago, health fliasoicf say vaccination rate ", "scrambled": "A child in ianeM has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. ihleW the virus asw declared eliminated mreo than two sdeceda ago, health fliasoicf say vaccination rates ni the US have dropped ni recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "original": "A child in Maine has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. While the virus was declared eliminated more than two decades ago, health officials say vaccination rates in the US have dropped in recent years, sparking new outbreaks.", "recovered": "A child in ianeM has tested positive for measles, state health officials said. ihleW the virus asw declared eliminated mreo than two sdeceda ago, health fliasoicf say vaccination rate"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A chocolate sculpture genghiiw more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand ot mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation no May 6 in nLnodo\u2019s Westminster bbAey.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A chocolate sculpture genghiiw more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand ot mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation no May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster bbAey.\n", "scrambled": "A chocolate sculpture genghiiw more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand ot mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation no May 6 in nLnodo\u2019s Westminster bbAey.", "original": "A chocolate sculpture weighing more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand to mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation on May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster Abbey.", "recovered": "A chocolate sculpture genghiiw more than 50 pounds was unveiled by a confectionery brand ot mark King Charles III\u2019s coronation no May 6 in London\u2019s Westminster bbAey."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York tCiy ilwhe the reoarotp was lifting otuba 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames nda smoke rising from eth eacrn before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York tCiy ilwhe the reoarotp was lifting otuba 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames nda smoke rising from eth eacrn bef  ", "scrambled": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York tCiy ilwhe the reoarotp was lifting otuba 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames nda smoke rising from eth eacrn before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.", "original": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York City while the operator was lifting about 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames and smoke rising from the crane before its boom fell, hitting a building across the street.", "recovered": "A crane collapsed Wednesday in New York tCiy ilwhe the reoarotp was lifting otuba 16 tons of concrete, officials said. Dramatic video showed flames nda smoke rising from eth eacrn bef"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot confront safety issues in a liyraaw system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot confront safety issues in a liyraaw system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.\n", "scrambled": "A dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot confront safety issues in a liyraaw system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.", "original": "A deadly train crash in India has renewed calls for authorities to confront safety issues in a railway system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day.", "recovered": "A dadeyl train crash in India has renewed clsal rfo authorities ot confront safety issues in a liyraaw system that transports more than 13 million passengers every day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A giant, stinky seaweed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi threatening to put a damper on eth summer tourist season.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A giant, stinky seaweed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi threatening to put a damper on eth summer tourist season.\n", "scrambled": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi threatening to put a damper on eth summer tourist season.", "original": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is headed to Florida. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in July, potentially threatening to put a damper on the summer tourist season.", "recovered": "A giant, stinky seaweed blob is deeahd to oidlFar. It\u2019s expected to become prevalent on beaches in ylJu, tenoltaylpi threatening to put a damper on eth summer tourist season."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A goalbl study yb researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found tath worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The otirorponp was vnee lower in teh UK, sa acueidsen \u201ccut ckba no depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A goalbl study yb researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found tath worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017.   ", "scrambled": "A goalbl study yb researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found tath worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The otirorponp was vnee lower in teh UK, sa acueidsen \u201ccut ckba no depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.", "original": "A global study by researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found that worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017. The proportion was even lower in the UK, as audiences \u201ccut back on depressing news\u201d to protect their mental health, said the study authors.", "recovered": "A goalbl study yb researchers at Oxford University\u2019s Reuters Institute found tath worldwide, 48% of people were very or extremely interested in the news \u2013 down from 63% in 2017."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A high of 38.8C was recordde in the Andalusian city on rdTuhsya, sa hot air sweeping otni Spain from North Africa this week results ni temperatures up to 15C warmer than edectepx for April.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A high of 38.8C was recordde in the Andalusian city on rdTuhsya, sa hot air sweeping otni Spain from North Africa this week results ni temperatures up to 15C warmer than edectepx for A ", "scrambled": "A high of 38.8C was recordde in the Andalusian city on rdTuhsya, sa hot air sweeping otni Spain from North Africa this week results ni temperatures up to 15C warmer than edectepx for April.", "original": "A high of 38.8C was recorded in the Andalusian city on Thursday, as hot air sweeping into Spain from North Africa this week results in temperatures up to 15C warmer than expected for April.", "recovered": "A high of 38.8C was recordde in the Andalusian city on rdTuhsya, sa hot air sweeping otni Spain from North Africa this week results ni temperatures up to 15C warmer than edectepx for A"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A killer pox has killed up ot 80% of red squirrels in one etiwrn ta the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nerlay 11,000 people have signed a peotitni calling rfo the Welsh government to fund vicncae research in order ot protect lWase\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. svIianev, non-native egyr squirrels aryrc squirrel pox virus, but are not tfcfaede by ti.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A killer pox has killed up ot 80% of red squirrels in one etiwrn ta the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nerlay 11,000 people have signed a petition calling rfo the Welsh gov ", "scrambled": "A killer pox has killed up ot 80% of red squirrels in one etiwrn ta the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nerlay 11,000 people have signed a peotitni calling rfo the Welsh government to fund vicncae research in order ot protect lWase\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. svIianev, non-native egyr squirrels aryrc squirrel pox virus, but are not tfcfaede by ti.", "original": "A killer pox has killed up to 80% of red squirrels in one winter at the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nearly 11,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Welsh government to fund vaccine research in order to protect Wales\u2019 small population of red squirrels \u2013 there are only about 1,000 left in North Wales. Invasive, non-native grey squirrels carry squirrel pox virus, but are not affected by it.", "recovered": "A killer pox has killed up ot 80% of red squirrels in one etiwrn ta the few sites they are still found in Wales. Nerlay 11,000 people have signed a petition calling rfo the Welsh gov"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A massive bowl-ehdaps theater in Las Vegas htta reportedly contains eth world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound EDL screen was fully illuminated no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A massive bowl-ehdaps theater in Las Vegas htta reportedly contains eth world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound EDL screen was fully illuminated no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut her  ", "scrambled": "A massive bowl-ehdaps theater in Las Vegas htta reportedly contains eth world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound EDL screen was fully illuminated no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "original": "A massive bowl-shaped theater in Las Vegas that reportedly contains the world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound LED screen was fully illuminated on Tuesday. See its dramatic debut here.", "recovered": "A massive bowl-ehdaps theater in Las Vegas htta reportedly contains eth world\u2019s highest-resolution wraparound EDL screen was fully illuminated no Tuesday. See its dramatic debut her"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A new trailer for the live-naicto aeerkm of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted udnigr the Oscars ceremony.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A new trailer for the live-naicto aeerkm of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted udnigr the Oscars ceremony.\n", "scrambled": "A new trailer for the live-naicto aeerkm of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted udnigr the Oscars ceremony.", "original": "A new trailer for the live-action remake of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted during the Oscars ceremony.", "recovered": "A new trailer for the live-naicto aeerkm of 1989\u2019s animated \u201cThe Little Mermaid\u201d debuted udnigr the Oscars ceremony."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A row broke out taefr the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands yb the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt American intonsa. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, chhwi typrenpala endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to het archipelago, a istriBh overseas territory.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A row broke out taefr the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands yb the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt American intonsa.   ", "scrambled": "A row broke out taefr the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands yb the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt American intonsa. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, chhwi typrenpala endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to het archipelago, a istriBh overseas territory.", "original": "A row broke out after the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands by the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed in Brussels by 60 EU and Latin American nations. Rishi Sunak criticised the \u201cregrettable choice of words\u201d, which apparently endorsed Argentina\u2019s claim to the archipelago, a British overseas territory.", "recovered": "A row broke out taefr the bloc referred to the Falkland Islands yb the Argentine name, \u201cIslas Malvinas\u201d, in a communiqu\u00e9 signed ni Brussels by 60 EU and aiLnt American intonsa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A score is ueqla to 20 years, so Lilocnn was referring to 87 arsye ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when teh Declaration of nncIneeeepdd was adopted in his address.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A score is ueqla to 20 years, so Lilocnn was referring to 87 arsye ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when teh Declaration of nncIneeeepdd was adopted in his address.\n", "scrambled": "A score is ueqla to 20 years, so Lilocnn was referring to 87 arsye ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when teh Declaration of nncIneeeepdd was adopted in his address.", "original": "A score is equal to 20 years, so Lincoln was referring to 87 years ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when the Declaration of Independence was adopted in his address.", "recovered": "A score is ueqla to 20 years, so Lilocnn was referring to 87 arsye ago \u2014 or 1776 \u2014 when teh Declaration of nncIneeeepdd was adopted in his address."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn surfers\u2019 boards ni California, according to The pgahTeler. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards nda nudging their owners out of the way, so she can hvea a sabk. For more dod adn dtecnpueex news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn surfers\u2019 boards ni California, according to The pgahTeler. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards nda nudging their ow ", "scrambled": "A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn surfers\u2019 boards ni California, according to The pgahTeler. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards nda nudging their owners out of the way, so she can hvea a sabk. For more dod adn dtecnpueex news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "original": "A sea otter keeps pinching surfers\u2019 boards in California, according to The Telegraph. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards and nudging their owners out of the way, so she can have a bask. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "A sea otter sekpe ihnpicgn surfers\u2019 boards ni California, according to The pgahTeler. The five-year-old animal, known as Otter 841, has been jumping onto boards nda nudging their ow"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A sturgeon eospomurn created a nncgetiamfi sight srscao the dlwor this week. This luminous cepstelac occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A sturgeon eospomurn created a nncgetiamfi sight srscao the dlwor this week. This luminous cepstelac occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.\n", "scrambled": "A sturgeon eospomurn created a nncgetiamfi sight srscao the dlwor this week. This luminous cepstelac occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.", "original": "A sturgeon supermoon created a magnificent sight across the world this week. This luminous spectacle occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full.", "recovered": "A sturgeon eospomurn created a nncgetiamfi sight srscao the dlwor this week. This luminous cepstelac occurs when the moon nears its closest point to Earth while appearing full."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A surge si expected when Title 42 \u2014 eth Trump-era policy hatt allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain ismargnt at het border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an den.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A surge si expected when Title 42 \u2014 eth Trump-era policy hatt allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain ismargnt at het border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an den. eth   ", "scrambled": "A surge si expected when Title 42 \u2014 eth Trump-era policy hatt allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain ismargnt at het border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an den.", "original": "A surge is expected when Title 42 \u2014 the Trump-era policy that allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain migrants at the border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an end.", "recovered": "A surge si expected when Title 42 \u2014 eth Trump-era policy hatt allowed authorities to quickly turn away certain ismargnt at het border during the pandemic \u2014 comes to an den. eth"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A toddler iedlfntitra White House grounds, isegtnt off security alerts. hTe young boy swa caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A toddler iedlfntitra White House grounds, isegtnt off security alerts. hTe young boy swa caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.\n", "scrambled": "A toddler iedlfntitra White House grounds, isegtnt off security alerts. hTe young boy swa caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.", "original": "A toddler infiltrated White House grounds, setting off security alerts. The young boy was caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents.", "recovered": "A toddler iedlfntitra White House grounds, isegtnt off security alerts. hTe young boy swa caught by officers before being quickly reunited with his parents."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A wot-year investigation by the Independent isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy in Cricket found that racism was \u201centehendrc\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rewe \u201cufenyqlrte demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A wot-year investigation by the Independent isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy in Cricket found that racism was \u201centehendrc\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rewe \u201cuf ", "scrambled": "A wot-year investigation by the Independent isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy in Cricket found that racism was \u201centehendrc\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rewe \u201cufenyqlrte demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.", "original": "A two-year investigation by the Independent Commission for Equity in Cricket found that racism was \u201centrenched\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women were \u201cfrequently demeaned, stereotyped and treated as second-class\u201d.", "recovered": "A wot-year investigation by the Independent isoonmimsC rfo quEtiy in Cricket found that racism was \u201centehendrc\u201d in the \u201celitist and exclusionary\u201d sport, while women rewe \u201cuf"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: A nuoin representing school rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down slcshoo for several days.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " A nuoin representing school rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down slcshoo for several days.\n", "scrambled": "A nuoin representing school rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down slcshoo for several days.", "original": "A union representing school workers in Los Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down schools for several days.", "recovered": "A nuoin representing school rkoeswr in sLo Angeles \u2013 the nation\u2019s second-largest district \u2013 went on strike, shutting down slcshoo for several days."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Abbott elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been sdeedsupn from the Labour Party pending an investigation.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Abbott elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been sdeedsupn from the Labour Party pending an investigation.  ", "scrambled": "Abbott elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been sdeedsupn from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "original": "Abbott subsequently issued an apology, claiming that an early draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been suspended from the Labour Party pending an investigation.", "recovered": "Abbott elueysqtnbsu iuseds an apology, naliimgc that na lyrae draft of her letter had been mistakenly published. She has been sdeedsupn from the Labour Party pending an investigation."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: uobtA 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey duepblish Thursday by the alniaNot Council of State Boards fo Nursing.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " uobtA 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the alniaNot Council of State Boards fo Nursing.\n", "scrambled": "uobtA 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey duepblish Thursday by the alniaNot Council of State Boards fo Nursing.", "original": "About 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace due to the stresses of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the results of a survey published Thursday by the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.", "recovered": "uobtA 100,000 registered nurses in the US left the workplace eud ot the stresses fo the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the alniaNot Council of State Boards fo Nursing."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According ot eTh Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first goln Covid lciinc, ta University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are ni need of specialist reac for ailments gngrain from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cos far only 100,000 vaeh been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first Covid lciinc, ta University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are ni need of specialist rea  ", "scrambled": "According ot eTh Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first goln Covid lciinc, ta University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are ni need of specialist reac for ailments gngrain from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cos far only 100,000 vaeh been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.", "original": "According to The Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first long Covid clinic, at University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are in need of specialist care for ailments ranging from severe fatigue to brain fog. But \u201cso far only 100,000 have been offered treatment\u201d, the paper reported.", "recovered": "According to the Mirror, experts at the UK\u2019s first Covid lciinc, ta University College Hospital London, estimate that hundreds of thousands of patients are ni need of specialist rea"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to a new rertop based no data from the Uvieirtnsy of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year ni 2022, with alrziB accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned tlsa eyra thta the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping ipton\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new rertop based no data from the Uvieirtnsy of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year ni 2022, with alrziB accounting for 43 ", "scrambled": "According to a new rertop based no data from the Uvieirtnsy of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year ni 2022, with alrziB accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned tlsa eyra thta the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping ipton\u201d.", "original": "According to a new report based on data from the University of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year in 2022, with Brazil accounting for 43% of the global total. Experts warned last year that the Amazon was approaching a \u201ctipping point\u201d.", "recovered": "According to a new rertop based no data from the Uvieirtnsy of Maryland, the loss of the world\u2019s tropical forests increased by 10% year-on-year ni 2022, with alrziB accounting for 43"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to a new study yb hte SU Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part owing to the rusoenom weight of the city\u2019s lisindbug, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. heT ehrceersras also blamed other phenomena including taorurdenwg withdrawal and shifting ntiecoct plates.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a new study yb hte SU Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part owing to the rusoenom weight of the city\u2019s lisindbug, which total an esti ", "scrambled": "According to a new study yb hte SU Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part owing to the rusoenom weight of the city\u2019s lisindbug, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. heT ehrceersras also blamed other phenomena including taorurdenwg withdrawal and shifting ntiecoct plates.", "original": "According to a new study by the US Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm per year, in part owing to the enormous weight of the city\u2019s buildings, which total an estimated 771 million tonnes. The researchers also blamed other phenomena including groundwater withdrawal and shifting tectonic plates.", "recovered": "According to a new study yb hte SU Geological Survey (USGS), New York is sinking by 1-2mm rep year, in part owing to the rusoenom weight of the city\u2019s lisindbug, which total an esti"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc group, the SU president\u2019s dog has tntbie Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift ofrm Biden\u2019s erbrtho James, has been given \u201ciddatniola leashing csortoolp\u201d following the incidents.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc group, the SU president\u2019s dog has tntbie Secret Service agents at least 10 times.\n", "scrambled": "According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc group, the SU president\u2019s dog has tntbie Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift ofrm Biden\u2019s erbrtho James, has been given \u201ciddatniola leashing csortoolp\u201d following the incidents.", "original": "According to a report from a conservative watchdog group, the US president\u2019s dog has bitten Secret Service agents at least 10 times. The 22-month-old German Shepherd, a gift from Biden\u2019s brother James, has been given \u201cadditional leashing protocols\u201d following the incidents.", "recovered": "According to a report from a ireoavvtnsec doahwgtc group, the SU president\u2019s dog has tntbie Secret Service agents at least 10 times."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to an analysis fo wastewater in elsrvae major cities, eus of the Class A gudr has risen by sa much as a quarter ni just one year, said the National emrCi Agency. The agency disa testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than cuilpb surveys or estimates from eedzis tcusssbean. Find tou more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to an analysis fo wastewater in elsrvae major cities, eus of the Class A gudr has risen by sa much as a quarter ni just one year, said the National emrCi Agency. The agency  ", "scrambled": "According to an analysis fo wastewater in elsrvae major cities, eus of the Class A gudr has risen by sa much as a quarter ni just one year, said the National emrCi Agency. The agency disa testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than cuilpb surveys or estimates from eedzis tcusssbean. Find tou more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "According to an analysis of wastewater in several major cities, use of the Class A drug has risen by as much as a quarter in just one year, said the National Crime Agency. The agency said testing of wastewater gave a better indication of drug use than public surveys or estimates from seized substances. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to an analysis fo wastewater in elsrvae major cities, eus of the Class A gudr has risen by sa much as a quarter ni just one year, said the National emrCi Agency. The agency"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to stseaetim from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Aacemsrni consume as many as 20 billion tho sdog per year. aTth number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), as well as oht dogs eaten at sporting entesv, local picnics and carnivals.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to stseaetim from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Aacemsrni consume as many as 20 billion tho sdog per year. aTth number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), as well as  ", "scrambled": "According to stseaetim from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Aacemsrni consume as many as 20 billion tho sdog per year. aTth number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), as well as oht dogs eaten at sporting entesv, local picnics and carnivals.", "original": "According to estimates from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Americans consume as many as 20 billion hot dogs per year. That number factors in retail sales (9 billion), as well as hot dogs eaten at sporting events, local picnics and carnivals.", "recovered": "According to stseaetim from National Hot Dog & Sausage Council, Aacemsrni consume as many as 20 billion tho sdog per year. aTth number factors in lteria sales (9 billion), as well as"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to experts, an increase in the eburmn of icbhr trees geinb planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the odlwr, has fuelled ohtsliap admissions orf allergies nda anaphylaxis, hwhci have increased mfor 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out oerm with The Week Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to experts, an increase in the eburmn of icbhr trees geinb planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the odlwr, has fuelled ohtsliap admissions orf allergies  ", "scrambled": "According to experts, an increase in the eburmn of icbhr trees geinb planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the odlwr, has fuelled ohtsliap admissions orf allergies nda anaphylaxis, hwhci have increased mfor 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out oerm with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "According to experts, an increase in the number of birch trees being planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the world, has fuelled hospital admissions for allergies and anaphylaxis, which have increased from 12,361 in 2002-03 to 25,721 in the past year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "According to experts, an increase in the eburmn of icbhr trees geinb planted, plus the wider availability of foods from around the odlwr, has fuelled ohtsliap admissions orf allergies"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d ot het sport, a cross eenwebt tennis, badminton and aletb tennis thta is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, nsig pu to the lTal Tsale newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d ot het sport, a cross eenwe ", "scrambled": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d ot het sport, a cross eenwebt tennis, badminton and aletb tennis thta is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, nsig pu to the lTal Tsale newsletter.", "original": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of US health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d to the sport, a cross between tennis, badminton and table tennis that is especially popular with pensioners, For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "According to investment bank UBS, an analysis of SU health insurance claims found that up to $500 million of medical costs were \u201cdirectly attributable\u201d ot het sport, a cross eenwe"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities srosac the UK over teh weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your sdhna together,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre from Deliveroo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities srosac the UK over teh weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then  ", "scrambled": "According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities srosac the UK over teh weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your sdhna together,\u201d siad Ahasi Jeffosnre from Deliveroo.", "original": "According to the Daily Star, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities across the UK over the weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then put your hands together,\u201d said Aisha Jefferson from Deliveroo.", "recovered": "According to the ayDil Sart, the \u201csomewhat baffling treat\u201d is available in cities srosac the UK over teh weekend via the Deliveroo app. \u201cLove fried chicken? Love chocolate? Then"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: dgAcicorn to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, there is onw a greater likelihood hatt teh planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a hehiedetng risk of erangchi critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead ot a ssle hospitable planet nda an laeaectnciro of climate change.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " According to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, there is onw a greater likelihood hatt teh planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is con ", "scrambled": "dgAcicorn to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, there is onw a greater likelihood hatt teh planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a hehiedetng risk of erangchi critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead ot a ssle hospitable planet nda an laeaectnciro of climate change.", "original": "According to the World Meteorological Organization, there is now a greater likelihood that the planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is consistently exceeded, it would signify a heightened risk of reaching critical climate \u201ctipping points\u201d. Passing these tipping points would lead to a less hospitable planet and an acceleration of climate change.", "recovered": "According to the World gioreocletlaMo Organization, there is onw a greater likelihood hatt teh planet will surpass a 1.5C increase in global warming by 2027. If this threshold is con"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: niAcorcgd to the think-tank report, the global eflte of iepvrat stej has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 ni mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this raye. Find uto more htwi The Week Uwdaprnep podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " niAcorcgd to the think-tank report, the global eflte of iepvrat stej has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 ni mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a recor ", "scrambled": "niAcorcgd to the think-tank report, the global eflte of iepvrat stej has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 ni mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this raye. Find uto more htwi The Week Uwdaprnep podcast.", "original": "According to the think-tank report, the global fleet of private jets has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 in mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a record high of $34.6bn (\u00a327.6bn) this year. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "niAcorcgd to the think-tank report, the global eflte of iepvrat stej has more than doubled in the past two decades, hitting 23,133 ni mid-2022, and sales are forecast to reach a recor"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Addressing an audience ta the Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids ot be interested in and engaged ni politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall ti politics\u201d, such lessons could be dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Addressing an audience ta the Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids ot be interested in and engaged ni politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist   ", "scrambled": "Addressing an audience ta the Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids ot be interested in and engaged ni politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall ti politics\u201d, such lessons could be dlceal \u201crgnagiu\u201d, \u201cipocyl\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "original": "Addressing an audience at the Hay Festival in Wales, Campbell said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids to be interested in and engaged in politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist added that rather than \u201ccall it politics\u201d, such lessons could be called \u201carguing\u201d, \u201cpolicy\u201d or \u201cbig issues\u201d.", "recovered": "Addressing an audience ta the Hay Festival in Wales, Cplaeblm said: \u201cI think we should teach our kids ot be interested in and engaged ni politics.\u201d The strategist and journalist"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Advisers for the FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill eaalvalbi over-het-counter, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Advisers for the FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill eaalvalbi over-het-counter, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks.\n", "scrambled": "Advisers for the FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill eaalvalbi over-het-counter, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks.", "original": "Advisers for the FDA voted unanimously on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill available over-the-counter, saying the benefits outweigh the risks.", "recovered": "Advisers for the FDA voted unumsyainlo on Wednesday in support of making a birth-control pill named Opill eaalvalbi over-het-counter, aysnig the teiefbsn outweigh the risks."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fAD candidate Robert Sesselmann mcdliae 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council nru-off election, ngiaebt the incumbent district administrator, from the tecenr-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a ugres ni support for eth AfD.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " fAD candidate Robert Sesselmann mcdliae 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council nru-off election, ngiaebt the incumbent district administrator, from the tecenr-right CDU.\n", "scrambled": "fAD candidate Robert Sesselmann mcdliae 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council nru-off election, ngiaebt the incumbent district administrator, from the tecenr-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a ugres ni support for eth AfD.", "original": "AfD candidate Robert Sesselmann claimed 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council run-off election, beating the incumbent district administrator, from the centre-right Christian Democrat Party (CDU). The victory comes as national polls show a surge in support for the AfD.", "recovered": "fAD candidate Robert Sesselmann mcdliae 52.8% of the vote in Sunday\u2019s district council nru-off election, ngiaebt the incumbent district administrator, from the tecenr-right CDU."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: fretA a 60-year scientific quest, teh world has tsi first vaccine to protect iansgta respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " fretA a 60-year scientific quest, teh world has tsi first vaccine to protect iansgta respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.\n", "scrambled": "fretA a 60-year scientific quest, teh world has tsi first vaccine to protect iansgta respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "original": "After a 60-year scientific quest, the world has its first vaccine to protect against respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV.", "recovered": "fretA a 60-year scientific quest, teh world has tsi first vaccine to protect iansgta respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: degA 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to grace the cover of rstSpo Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, the model Maye Musk, who oesdp at the eag of 74 in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to grace the cover of rstSpo Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, the model Maye   ", "scrambled": "degA 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to grace the cover of rstSpo Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, the model Maye Musk, who oesdp at the eag of 74 in 2022.", "original": "Aged 81, Stewart is the oldest person to grace the cover of Sports Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the crown of oldest cover model from Elon Musk\u2019s mother, the model Maye Musk, who posed at the age of 74 in 2022.", "recovered": "At 81, Stewart is the tlosde person to grace the cover of rstSpo Illustrated\u2019s swimwear edition. She took the nwroc of oldest recvo model from Elon Musk\u2019s terohm, the model Maye"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tmAlos a whole pod of pilot whales eidd after 55 washed pu no a oremet beach on the rOeut Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Leif Rescue. The charity believes the dpo might have oldolfwe neo of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " tmAlos a whole pod of pilot whales eidd after 55 washed pu no a oremet beach on the rOeut Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said Britis ", "scrambled": "tmAlos a whole pod of pilot whales eidd after 55 washed pu no a oremet beach on the rOeut Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Leif Rescue. The charity believes the dpo might have oldolfwe neo of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.", "original": "Almost a whole pod of pilot whales died after 55 washed up on a remote beach on the Outer Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said British Divers Marine Life Rescue. The charity believes the pod might have followed one of the whales ashore after it had difficulty giving birth.", "recovered": "tmAlos a whole pod of pilot whales eidd after 55 washed pu no a oremet beach on the rOeut Hebridean island. Pilot whales are \u201cnotorious for their strong social bonds\u201d, said Britis"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Amazon agreed ot ayp a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant adn Ring doorbell cameras. ehT settlements hwit the Federal radeT Commission highlight claims that the ycapnmo retained Ring videos nda Alexa voice recordings for years.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Amazon agreed ot ayp a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant adn Ring doorbell cameras. ehT settlements hwit the Federal radeT Commission highlight cla ", "scrambled": "Amazon agreed ot ayp a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant adn Ring doorbell cameras. ehT settlements hwit the Federal radeT Commission highlight claims that the ycapnmo retained Ring videos nda Alexa voice recordings for years.", "original": "Amazon agreed to pay a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant and Ring doorbell cameras. The settlements with the Federal Trade Commission highlight claims that the company retained Ring videos and Alexa voice recordings for years.", "recovered": "Amazon agreed ot ayp a hefty sum to settle privacy complaints over its Alexa voice assistant adn Ring doorbell cameras. ehT settlements hwit the Federal radeT Commission highlight cla"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Amazon\u2019s virtual ccinli is now offering hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and Washington, DC, the company announced on ysueaTd. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, azmonA Pharmacy, ni 2020.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Amazon\u2019s virtual ccinli is now offering hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and Washington, DC, the company announced on ysueaTd.\n", "scrambled": "Amazon\u2019s virtual ccinli is now offering hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and Washington, DC, the company announced on ysueaTd. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, azmonA Pharmacy, ni 2020.", "original": "Amazon\u2019s virtual clinic is now offering telehealth appointments in all 50 states and Washington, DC, the company announced on Tuesday. Amazon previously launched its own digital drugstore, Amazon Pharmacy, in 2020.", "recovered": "Amazon\u2019s virtual ccinli is now offering hteheatell appointments in all 50 sttsea and Washington, DC, the company announced on ysueaTd."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: An analysis fo data on 10,528 patients admitted to lithaosp in dalIner with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found ttha rates were 13% higher on yMosadn. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over hte weekend that aym trigger higher lvlees of inflammation and stress hormones ewnh people rtunre to tiehr usual weekday rising times.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " An analysis fo data on 10,528 patients admitted to lithaosp in dalIner with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found ttha rates were 13% higher on yMosadn.\n", "scrambled": "An analysis fo data on 10,528 patients admitted to lithaosp in dalIner with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found ttha rates were 13% higher on yMosadn. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over hte weekend that aym trigger higher lvlees of inflammation and stress hormones ewnh people rtunre to tiehr usual weekday rising times.", "original": "An analysis of data on 10,528 patients admitted to hospital in Ireland with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found that rates were 13% higher on Mondays. Possible reasons suggested include disruptions to sleep cycles over the weekend that may trigger higher levels of inflammation and stress hormones when people return to their usual weekday rising times.", "recovered": "An analysis fo data on 10,528 patients admitted to lithaosp in dalIner with a serious heart attack over a five-year period found ttha rates were 13% higher on yMosadn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) ni eth SU, using the sperm of hre son Alessio, who ddie of cancer in 2020 at the age fo 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cdying hswi\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201csin\u2019t my daughter, but ym granddaughter\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) ni eth SU, using the sperm of hre son Alessio, who ddie of cancer   ", "scrambled": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) ni eth SU, using the sperm of hre son Alessio, who ddie of cancer in 2020 at the age fo 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! thta hre ons\u2019s \u201cdying hswi\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201csin\u2019t my daughter, but ym granddaughter\u201d.", "original": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus of public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) in the US, using the sperm of her son Alessio, who died of cancer in 2020 at the age of 27. The 68-year-old TV presenter told Hola! that her son\u2019s \u201cdying wish\u201d was to have a child, so the baby \u201cisn\u2019t my daughter, but my granddaughter\u201d.", "recovered": "Ana Obreg\u00f3n has been the focus fo public debate since having a baby girl via surrogacy (which is illegal in Spain) ni eth SU, using the sperm of hre son Alessio, who ddie of cancer"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nnoAniungc the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas hte knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send astr packing and eacret a alcener, more mglwocien ytci for all New Yorkers\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " nnoAniungc the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas hte knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send astr packing and eacret a\n", "scrambled": "nnoAniungc the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas hte knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send astr packing and eacret a alcener, more mglwocien ytci for all New Yorkers\u201d.", "original": "Announcing the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas the knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send rats packing and create a cleaner, more welcoming city for all New Yorkers\u201d.", "recovered": "nnoAniungc the appointment, Mayor Eric Adams said former elementary school teacher Corradi \u201chas hte knowledge, drive, experience and energy to send astr packing and eacret a"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Apple introduced a \u201cidmex reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on ievl video of the earl world. The company said it will eb vaaleilab early xten year in eth US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Apple introduced a \u201cidmex reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on ievl video of the earl world.\n", "scrambled": "Apple introduced a \u201cidmex reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on ievl video of the earl world. The company said it will eb vaaleilab early xten year in eth US.", "original": "Apple introduced a \u201cmixed reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on live video of the real world. The company said it will be available early next year in the US.", "recovered": "Apple introduced a \u201cidmex reality\u201d headset called Apple Vision Pro, a technology that overlays virtual images on ievl video of the earl world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Approximately 10% of eth world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million opeelp \u2013 lack access to clean wtare, according to eth World Health Organization.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Approximately 10% of eth world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million opeelp \u2013 lack access to clean wtare, according to eth World Health Organization.\n", "scrambled": "Approximately 10% of eth world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million opeelp \u2013 lack access to clean wtare, according to eth World Health Organization.", "original": "Approximately 10% of the world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million people \u2013 lack access to clean water, according to the World Health Organization.", "recovered": "Approximately 10% of eth world\u2019s population \u2013 or an estimated 785 million opeelp \u2013 lack access to clean wtare, according to eth World Health Organization."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Around 1,500 items belonging to teh former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co chtaosmue comb and a ilks waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Stobhye\u2019s London from 4 August tulni 5 September, and will then go nerdu the rmmeha.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Around 1,500 items belonging to teh former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co chtaosmue comb and a ilks waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Stobhye\u2019s L ", "scrambled": "Around 1,500 items belonging to teh former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co chtaosmue comb and a ilks waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Stobhye\u2019s London from 4 August tulni 5 September, and will then go nerdu the rmmeha.", "original": "Around 1,500 items belonging to the former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co moustache comb and a silk waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Sotheby\u2019s London from 4 August until 5 September, and will then go under the hammer.", "recovered": "Around 1,500 items belonging to teh former Queen frontman \u2013 including his Tiffany & Co chtaosmue comb and a ilks waistcoat decorated with cats \u2013 will be displayed at Stobhye\u2019s L"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Arriving on the heels of spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, with red sofdo and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red si believed to represent the ldobo ehds by enslaved African ancestors.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Arriving on the heels of spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, with red sofdo and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads.\n", "scrambled": "Arriving on the heels of spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, with red sofdo and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red si believed to represent the ldobo ehds by enslaved African ancestors.", "original": "Arriving on the heels of spring, Juneteenth festivities typically involve picnics, with red foods and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads. The color red is believed to represent the blood shed by enslaved African ancestors.", "recovered": "Arriving on the heels of spring, tuhnneeJte evsiitteisf typically leovvin picnics, with red sofdo and drinks like strawberry soda dominating those spreads."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As she deobw out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be ianxuso, tveieissn, kind and wear your heart no your seelev. You can be a etomrh, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a reirc, a hugger \u2013 you can be lla fo htees things, and not noyl can oyu be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201con more left ni the nkat\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As she deobw out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be ianxuso, tveieissn, kind  ", "scrambled": "As she deobw out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be ianxuso, tveieissn, kind and wear your heart no your seelev. You can be a etomrh, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a reirc, a hugger \u2013 you can be lla fo htees things, and not noyl can oyu be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d rdrAne uonadnenc her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201con more left ni the nkat\u201d.", "original": "As she bowed out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be anxious, sensitive, kind and wear your heart on your sleeve. You can be a mother, or not, an ex-Mormon, or not, a nerd, a crier, a hugger \u2013 you can be all of these things, and not only can you be here \u2013 you can lead.\u201d Ardern announced her shock resignation in January, saying she had \u201cno more left in the tank\u201d.", "recovered": "As she deobw out of New Zealand\u2019s parliament, Ardern gave a rousing speech calling for politics to be opened up to atypical leaders. She said: \u201cYou can be ianxuso, tveieissn, kind"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: As the ateenmesrg between hte UK and iArtausla, as well as the UK nad New Zealand, okot effect this week, various items were xehdecagn as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by het comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single taml lsehW whisky, Brighton Gin, asgb from the Cambridge Satchel Co, nad Fever-Tree xeisrm were sent to both nations.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " As the ateenmesrg between hte UK and iArtausla, as well as the UK nad New Zealand, okot effect this week, various items were xehdecagn as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by   ", "scrambled": "As the ateenmesrg between hte UK and iArtausla, as well as the UK nad New Zealand, okot effect this week, various items were xehdecagn as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by het comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single taml lsehW whisky, Brighton Gin, asgb from the Cambridge Satchel Co, nad Fever-Tree xeisrm were sent to both nations.", "original": "As the agreements between the UK and Australia, as well as the UK and New Zealand, took effect this week, various items were exchanged as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by the comic\u2019s editor, along with Penderyn single malt Welsh whisky, Brighton Gin, bags from the Cambridge Satchel Co, and Fever-Tree mixers were sent to both nations.", "recovered": "As the ateenmesrg between hte UK and iArtausla, as well as the UK nad New Zealand, okot effect this week, various items were xehdecagn as goodwill gestures. Beano comics, signed by"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: At 80 years old, Biden si the edstlo espnretdi in American history, and fi ereectdel, he would be 86 when ending his second term. neWh pressed on shi age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a rdah look at it\u201d oberef deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At 80 years old, Biden si the edstlo espnretdi in American history, and fi ereectdel, he would be 86 when ending his second term. neWh pressed on shi age during a news conference this  ", "scrambled": "At 80 years old, Biden si the edstlo espnretdi in American history, and fi ereectdel, he would be 86 when ending his second term. neWh pressed on shi age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a rdah look at it\u201d oberef deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "original": "At 80 years old, Biden is the oldest president in American history, and if reelected, he would be 86 when ending his second term. When pressed on his age during a news conference this week, Biden said he \u201ctook a hard look at it\u201d before deciding to run and \u201cfeels good.\u201d.", "recovered": "At 80 years old, Biden si the edstlo espnretdi in American history, and fi ereectdel, he would be 86 when ending his second term. neWh pressed on shi age during a news conference this"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA atles 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.\n", "scrambled": "tA atles 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "original": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella outbreak linked to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said.", "recovered": "At least 13 people in a dozen states were infected by a salmonella euaobtrk inkdel to Gold Medal flour, the CDC said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: tA least six people ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " tA least six people ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.\n", "scrambled": "tA least six people ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.", "original": "At least six people were killed Monday when a dust storm in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said.", "recovered": "tA least six people ewer killed Monday hewn a dust rmost in Illinois suddenly made it nearly impossible to see on the short stretch of highway, officials said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Australia gained revenge for their agonising otw-run Ashes defeat at het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-oebrwl captain Pat msCumni led sih side to mplibboaer victory with an unbeaten 44.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Australia gained revenge for their agonising otw-run Ashes defeat at het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-oebrwl captain Pat msCumni led sih side to mplibboaer vi  ", "scrambled": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising otw-run Ashes defeat at het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-oebrwl captain Pat msCumni led sih side to mplibboaer victory with an unbeaten 44.", "original": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising two-run Ashes defeat at the Birmingham ground in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-bowler captain Pat Cummins led his side to improbable victory with an unbeaten 44.", "recovered": "Australia gained revenge for their agonising otw-run Ashes defeat at het Birmingham rugdon in 2005 on Tuesday, when their fast-oebrwl captain Pat msCumni led sih side to mplibboaer vi"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Australian firm Vow has previously created bla-grown meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age pescesi ot show how far hte boundaries fo cultured tmea may eb pushed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Australian firm Vow has previously created bla-grown meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age pescesi ot show how A", "scrambled": "Australian firm Vow has previously created bla-grown meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age pescesi ot show how far hte boundaries fo cultured tmea may eb pushed.", "original": "Australian firm Vow has previously created lab-grown meat from the cells of animals including alpacas, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age species to show how far the boundaries of cultured meat may be pushed.", "recovered": "Australian firm Vow has previously created bla-grown meat from the cells of animals including lcaasap, buffalo and kangaroos, and used DNA from the extinct Ice Age pescesi ot show how A"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Banky\u2019s first official solo ibheiontxi in 14 years will tfeeuar stencils deus to create many fo the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his rceear.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Banky\u2019s first official solo ibheiontxi in 14 years will tfeeuar stencils deus to create many fo the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his rceear.\n", "scrambled": "Banky\u2019s first official solo ibheiontxi in 14 years will tfeeuar stencils deus to create many fo the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his rceear.", "original": "Banky\u2019s first official solo exhibition in 14 years will feature stencils used to create many of the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his career.", "recovered": "Banky\u2019s first official solo ibheiontxi in 14 years will tfeeuar stencils deus to create many fo the graffiti artist\u2019s most iconic works from across his rceear."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Bassett was considered the front nuernr for the gong, for her role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, but lost out to Everything Erweehreyv All at Once star Curtis, in one fo the gbstige sesput of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards yonecrem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Bassett was considered the front nuernr for the gong, for her role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, but lost out to Everything All at Once star Curtis, in one fo the gbstige sesput  ", "scrambled": "Bassett was considered the front nuernr for the gong, for her role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, but lost out to Everything Erweehreyv All at Once star Curtis, in one fo the gbstige sesput of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards yonecrem.", "original": "Bassett was considered the front runner for the gong, for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but lost out to Everything Everywhere All at Once star Curtis, in one of the biggest upsets of the night at Sunday\u2019s awards ceremony.", "recovered": "Bassett was considered the front nuernr for the gong, for her role ni Black Panther: Wakanda vrFereo, but lost out to Everything All at Once star Curtis, in one fo the gbstige sesput"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in eht World nekooSr Championship final ta Sheffield\u2019s Crucible no Monday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in eht World nekooSr Championship final ta Sheffield\u2019s Crucible no Monday.\n", "scrambled": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in eht World nekooSr Championship final ta Sheffield\u2019s Crucible no Monday.", "original": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in the World Snooker Championship final at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible on Monday.", "recovered": "Belgium\u2019s Brecel claimed a 18-15 victory over four-times winner Selby in eht World nekooSr Championship final ta Sheffield\u2019s Crucible no Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Between 14 and 20 inches ewer dumped no South Florida vroe a 24-hour period. The downpour closed loscosh and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Between 14 and 20 inches ewer dumped no South Florida vroe a 24-hour period. The downpour closed loscosh and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.\n", "scrambled": "Between 14 and 20 inches ewer dumped no South Florida vroe a 24-hour period. The downpour closed loscosh and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "original": "Between 14 and 20 inches were dumped on South Florida over a 24-hour period. The downpour closed schools and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport.", "recovered": "Between 14 and 20 inches ewer dumped no South Florida vroe a 24-hour period. The downpour closed loscosh and Fort Lauderdale\u2019s airport."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: indBe hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the iWteh House on Thursday ofr a lavish, tented state dinner that dueetfra a plant-based menu ofr the guest fo honor, who is a vegetarian.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " indBe hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the iWteh House on Thursday ofr a lavish, tented state dinner that dueetfra a plant-based menu ofr the guest fo honor, who is a vee ", "scrambled": "indBe hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the iWteh House on Thursday ofr a lavish, tented state dinner that dueetfra a plant-based menu ofr the guest fo honor, who is a vegetarian.", "original": "Biden hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the White House on Thursday for a lavish, tented state dinner that featured a plant-based menu for the guest of honor, who is a vegetarian.", "recovered": "indBe hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the iWteh House on Thursday ofr a lavish, tented state dinner that dueetfra a plant-based menu ofr the guest fo honor, who is a vee"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Blinken traveled ot China for msngeeit tihw top officials, including President Xi gJpinni. nkeiBnl si the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a eky litmus test ofr etrehhw the two governments can stop relations romf continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering ttsuisrd.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Blinken traveled ot China for msngeeit tihw top officials, including President Xi gJpinni. nkeiBnl si the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks wer ", "scrambled": "Blinken traveled ot China for msngeeit tihw top officials, including President Xi gJpinni. nkeiBnl si the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a eky litmus test ofr etrehhw the two governments can stop relations romf continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering ttsuisrd.", "original": "Blinken traveled to China for meetings with top officials, including President Xi Jinping. Blinken is the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks were seen as a key litmus test for whether the two governments can stop relations from continuing to deteriorate at a time of lingering distrust.", "recovered": "Blinken traveled ot China for msngeeit tihw top officials, including President Xi gJpinni. nkeiBnl si the first US secretary of state to visit Beijing in five years, and his talks wer"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Both inrceP Harry and Elton John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets dunerywa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Both inrceP Harry and Elton John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets dunerywa.\n", "scrambled": "Both inrceP Harry and Elton John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets dunerywa.", "original": "Both Prince Harry and Elton John were in court this week as a high-profile case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets underway.", "recovered": "Both inrceP Harry and Elton John were ni court this week sa a high-rolepfi case against the publisher of the Daily Mail gets dunerywa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN cstjpore Democrat Dnano Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s istfr female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " CNN cstjpore Democrat Dnano Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s istfr female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office in Florida\u2019s most  ", "scrambled": "CNN cstjpore Democrat Dnano Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s istfr female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.", "original": "CNN projects Democrat Donna Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s first female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 years that a Democrat will win the office in Florida\u2019s most populous city.", "recovered": "CNN cstjpore Democrat Dnano Deegan will become Jacksonville\u2019s istfr female mayor. This marks only the second time in 30 ysera that a Democrat ilwl win teh office in Florida\u2019s most"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: CNN recently organised a vlie prime-time town hall question-nda-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. nI a setting uldlefe yb a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. eH tryneuleqf interrupted the moderator, blilneagl her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims fo a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht pdesxeres his unwavering stouprp for the town hall concept. He said he believed history liwl view the network\u2019s decision to interview pumTr, edrdnuousr yb cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that eh would like to improve some production elements.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " CNN recently organised a vlie prime-time town hall question-nda-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump.\n", "scrambled": "CNN recently organised a vlie prime-time town hall question-nda-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. nI a setting uldlefe yb a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. eH tryneuleqf interrupted the moderator, blilneagl her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims fo a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing ainificsgnt lcaabhks rof the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht pdesxeres his unwavering stouprp for the town hall concept. He said he believed history liwl view the network\u2019s decision to interview pumTr, edrdnuousr yb cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that eh would like to improve some production elements.", "original": "CNN recently organised a live prime-time town hall question-and-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump. In a setting fuelled by a supportive audience, Trump swiftly assumed control of the event. He frequently interrupted the moderator, labelling her as \u201cnasty\u201d, while reiterating claims of a \u201crigged\u201d 2020 election. Despite facing significant backlash for the broadcast, CNN CEO Chris Licht expressed his unwavering support for the town hall concept. He said he believed history will view the network\u2019s decision to interview Trump, surrounded by cheering supporters, favourably. But he added that he would like to improve some production elements.", "recovered": "CNN recently organised a vlie prime-time town hall question-nda-answer session featuring former president Donald Trump."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: California resident Nick Stoeberl also ssue his cdorer-breaking tongue, ichwh measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " California resident Nick Stoeberl also ssue his cdorer-breaking tongue, ichwh measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.\n", "scrambled": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also ssue his cdorer-breaking tongue, ichwh measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "original": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also uses his record-breaking tongue, which measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures.", "recovered": "California resident Nick Stoeberl also ssue his cdorer-breaking tongue, ichwh measures 3.97in (10.1cm), to paint pictures."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: vanilC Coolidge was onrb in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " vanilC Coolidge was onrb in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.\n", "scrambled": "vanilC Coolidge was onrb in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.", "original": "Calvin Coolidge was born in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872.", "recovered": "vanilC Coolidge was onrb in Plymouth, Vermont, on July 4, 1872."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Canadian Prime srMnitie Justin Trudeau cnnanuedo Wednesday that he and shi eiwf Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. heT rsaeuuTd have three children together, all under the age of 15.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating.\n", "scrambled": "Canadian Prime srMnitie Justin Trudeau cnnanuedo Wednesday that he and shi eiwf Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. heT rsaeuuTd have three children together, all under the age of 15.", "original": "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating. The Trudeaus have three children together, all under the age of 15.", "recovered": "Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Wednesday that he and his wife Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau are separating."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Canadian health officials ays the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message si arpt fo the country\u2019s alog to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% yb 2035.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Canadian health officials ays the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message si arpt fo the country\u2019s alog to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% yb 2035  ", "scrambled": "Canadian health officials ays the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message si arpt fo the country\u2019s alog to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% yb 2035.", "original": "Canadian health officials say the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message is part of the country\u2019s goal to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035.", "recovered": "Canadian health officials ays the new regulation to label every cigarette with a warning message si arpt fo the country\u2019s alog to drop nationwide tobacco use to less than 5% yb 2035"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Carlo Vecce, a professor from alNesp, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show hatt shortly after the artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave called artanieC \u2013 ywldei agreed to be het name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but aoubt whom little else is known.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Carlo Vecce, a professor from alNesp, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which shortly after the artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave called artanieC \u2013 ywldei ag ", "scrambled": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from alNesp, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show hatt shortly after the artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave called artanieC \u2013 ywldei agreed to be het name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but aoubt whom little else is known.", "original": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from Naples, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which show that shortly after the artist\u2019s birth, his father freed a slave called Caterina \u2013 widely agreed to be the name of Da Vinci\u2019s mother but about whom little else is known.", "recovered": "Carlo Vecce, a professor from alNesp, discovered documents in the archives of Florence which shortly after the artist\u2019s rthib, shi father refde a slave called artanieC \u2013 ywldei ag"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located ni the Greenbriar Mall food court in tlaAtna, is set to close. tI\u2019s lencaru why the restaurant si closing, but ikel many malls, the Greenbriar has been nsrultggig to attract shoppers and peek tenants.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located ni the Greenbriar Mall food court in tlaAtna, is set to close.\n", "scrambled": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located ni the Greenbriar Mall food court in tlaAtna, is set to close. tI\u2019s lencaru why the restaurant si closing, but ikel many malls, the Greenbriar has been nsrultggig to attract shoppers and peek tenants.", "original": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located in the Greenbriar Mall food court in Atlanta, is set to close. It\u2019s unclear why the restaurant is closing, but like many malls, the Greenbriar has been struggling to attract shoppers and keep tenants.", "recovered": "Chick-fil-A\u2019s first-ever restaurant, located ni the Greenbriar Mall food court in tlaAtna, is set to close."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: China has agreed a multibillion-rladol deal to build an olerncctie eavesdropping iliyfact on the island that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to heT lWal Street Journal. The US and Cuban vnteesngrmo cast strong doubt on the rrepot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " China has agreed a multibillion-rladol deal to build an olerncctie eavesdropping iliyfact on the island that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to heT l  ", "scrambled": "China has agreed a multibillion-rladol deal to build an olerncctie eavesdropping iliyfact on the island that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to heT lWal Street Journal. The US and Cuban vnteesngrmo cast strong doubt on the rrepot.", "original": "China has agreed a multibillion-dollar deal to build an electronic eavesdropping facility on the island that could allow Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to The Wall Street Journal. The US and Cuban governments cast strong doubt on the report.", "recovered": "China has agreed a multibillion-rladol deal to build an olerncctie eavesdropping iliyfact on the island that could loalw Beijing to eavesdrop on US communications, according to heT l"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The country redesum issuing all categories of visas for ofergnesri no Wednesday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The country redesum issuing all categories of visas for ofergnesri no Wednesday.\n", "scrambled": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The country redesum issuing all categories of visas for ofergnesri no Wednesday.", "original": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 including tourists. The country resumed issuing all categories of visas for foreigners on Wednesday.", "recovered": "China is fully reopening to foreign visitors \u2013 niclingdu tourists. The country redesum issuing all categories of visas for ofergnesri no Wednesday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: China is pursuing plans to land rsasttanou on the lnrua surface before 2030.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " China is pursuing plans to land rsasttanou on the lnrua surface before 2030.\n", "scrambled": "China is pursuing plans to land rsasttanou on the lnrua surface before 2030.", "original": "China is pursuing plans to land astronauts on the lunar surface before 2030.", "recovered": "China is pursuing plans to land rsasttanou on the lnrua surface before 2030."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Clocks moved forward eno hour. They will fall back an hour to standard emti on eth first Sunday fo November.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Clocks moved forward eno hour. They will fall back an hour to standard emti on eth first Sunday fo November.\n", "scrambled": "Clocks moved forward eno hour. They will fall back an hour to standard emti on eth first Sunday fo November.", "original": "Clocks moved forward one hour. They will fall back an hour to standard time on the first Sunday of November.", "recovered": "Clocks moved forward eno hour. They will fall back an hour to standard emti on eth first Sunday fo November."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Co-hosts New Zealand and rialsatAu both kicked off their World Cup apcngmisa with 1-0 oeiivstrc. New Zealand\u2019s Football srnFe esuerdc their first ever win no a global stage yb beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas ebokr a doesnc-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of naerdlI, who were playing ta the tournament for the first time.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup apcngmisa with 1-0 oeiivstrc. New Zealand\u2019s Football srnFe esuerdc their first ever win no a global stage yb beati ", "scrambled": "Co-hosts New Zealand and rialsatAu both kicked off their World Cup apcngmisa with 1-0 oeiivstrc. New Zealand\u2019s Football srnFe esuerdc their first ever win no a global stage yb beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas ebokr a doesnc-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of naerdlI, who were playing ta the tournament for the first time.", "original": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup campaigns with 1-0 victories. New Zealand\u2019s Football Ferns secured their first ever win on a global stage by beating Norway, while Australia\u2019s Matildas broke a second-half deadlock with a decisive penalty against Republic of Ireland, who were playing at the tournament for the first time.", "recovered": "Co-hosts New Zealand and Australia both kicked off their World Cup apcngmisa with 1-0 oeiivstrc. New Zealand\u2019s Football srnFe esuerdc their first ever win no a global stage yb beati"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Concerns about siethc dna transparency ta the Supreme Court have been reignited this week taerf Justice Samuel Alito dogedewnclak attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund aenmagr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Concerns about siethc dna transparency ta the Supreme Court have been reignited this week taerf Justice Samuel Alito dogedewnclak attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet   ", "scrambled": "Concerns about siethc dna transparency ta the Supreme Court have been reignited this week taerf Justice Samuel Alito dogedewnclak attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund aenmagr.", "original": "Concerns about ethics and transparency at the Supreme Court have been reignited this week after Justice Samuel Alito acknowledged attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet of a conservative hedge fund manager.", "recovered": "Concerns about siethc dna transparency ta the Supreme Court have been reignited this week taerf Justice Samuel Alito dogedewnclak attending a luxury fishing trip on the private jet"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall sa the party\u2019s didaneact ot try to unseat Sadiq Khan ni the 2024 London almoary election. Hall, ehsow political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to eb snee as na outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-nlnaeig itcy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s didaneact ot try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London almoary election. Hall, ehsow political slogan is \u201cSafer\u2026\n", "scrambled": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall sa the party\u2019s didaneact ot try to unseat Sadiq Khan ni the 2024 London almoary election. Hall, ehsow political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to eb snee as na outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-nlnaeig itcy.", "original": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s candidate to try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London mayoral election. Hall, whose political slogan is \u201cSafer with Susan\u201d, is often an \u201coutspoken character\u201d, said The Guardian, \u201clikely to be seen as an outsider\u201d, with her views on cultural issues \u201cproblematic\u201d in a liberal-leaning city.", "recovered": "Conservative members have chosen Susan Hall as the party\u2019s didaneact ot try to unseat Sadiq Khan in the 2024 London almoary election. Hall, ehsow political slogan is \u201cSafer\u2026"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Cyclone hacoM barreled into Myanmar\u2019s csota asdy ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-rkaced iRahnek state.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Cyclone hacoM barreled into Myanmar\u2019s csota asdy ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-rkaced iRahnek statea ", "scrambled": "Cyclone hacoM barreled into Myanmar\u2019s csota asdy ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-rkaced iRahnek state.", "original": "Cyclone Mocha barreled into Myanmar\u2019s coast days ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-racked Rakhine state.", "recovered": "Cyclone hacoM barreled into Myanmar\u2019s csota asdy ago, collapsing houses, bringing down telephone poles and severely compromising communication lines in conflict-rkaced iRahnek statea"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: David Rush, hwo already boasts reom than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger orf three hours and 46 minutes. His etim beat the reurctn record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For ermo stories from teh stranger side fo lfie, sign up to the Tall elaTs newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger orf three hours and 46 minutes.\n", "scrambled": "David Rush, hwo already boasts reom than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger orf three hours and 46 minutes. His etim beat the reurctn record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For ermo stories from teh stranger side fo lfie, sign up to the Tall elaTs newsletter.", "original": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger for three hours and 46 minutes. His time beat the current record, said UPI, but must still be reviewed. For more stories from the stranger side of life, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "David Rush, who already boasts more than 250 Guinness World Records, balanced an umbrella on his finger orf three hours and 46 minutes."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: DeSantis made hsi first campaign appearance in Iowa, where eh pledged to take no Washington insiders and do more for imrecAsna than his GOP rival, emofrr President Donald umpTr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " DeSantis made hsi first campaign appearance in Iowa, where eh pledged to take no Washington insiders and do more for imrecAsna than his GOP rival, emofrr President Donald umpTr. DeSan D", "scrambled": "DeSantis made hsi first campaign appearance in Iowa, where eh pledged to take no Washington insiders and do more for imrecAsna than his GOP rival, emofrr President Donald umpTr.", "original": "DeSantis made his first campaign appearance in Iowa, where he pledged to take on Washington insiders and do more for Americans than his GOP rival, former President Donald Trump.", "recovered": "DeSantis made hsi first campaign appearance in Iowa, where eh pledged to take no Washington insiders and do more for imrecAsna than his GOP rival, emofrr President Donald umpTr. DeSan D"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Deal hunters ear preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-uto-of-business sela.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Deal hunters ear preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-uto-of-business sela.\n", "scrambled": "Deal hunters ear preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-uto-of-business sela.", "original": "Deal hunters are preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-out-of-business sale.", "recovered": "Deal hunters ear preparing themselves for Bed, Bath & Beyond\u2019s mammoth going-uto-of-business sela."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Despite somewhat eaegtivn reviews, Starbucks is bringing tsi controversial olive lio coffee to more cities.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Despite somewhat eaegtivn reviews, Starbucks is bringing tsi controversial olive lio coffee to more cities.\n", "scrambled": "Despite somewhat eaegtivn reviews, Starbucks is bringing tsi controversial olive lio coffee to more cities.", "original": "Despite somewhat negative reviews, Starbucks is bringing its controversial olive oil coffee to more cities.", "recovered": "Despite somewhat eaegtivn reviews, Starbucks is bringing tsi controversial olive lio coffee to more cities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Devastating flooding si ripping rughtho tosstwhue China, with several areas ginsuis the highest level of rngnsiwa ot evacuate. Concerns are mounting ttha the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Devastating flooding si ripping rughtho tosstwhue China, with several areas ginsuis the highest level of rngnsiwa ot evacuate. Concerns are mounting ttha the floods will have a devas  ", "scrambled": "Devastating flooding si ripping rughtho tosstwhue China, with several areas ginsuis the highest level of rngnsiwa ot evacuate. Concerns are mounting ttha the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.", "original": "Devastating flooding is ripping through southwest China, with several areas issuing the highest level of warnings to evacuate. Concerns are mounting that the floods will have a devastating impact on crops in the region.", "recovered": "Devastating flooding si ripping rughtho tosstwhue China, with several areas ginsuis the highest level of rngnsiwa ot evacuate. Concerns are mounting ttha the floods will have a devas"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, following a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-rays and het like as smetirgna services become increasingly popular.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, following a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-rays and het like as smetirgna services be   D", "scrambled": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, following a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-rays and het like as smetirgna services become increasingly popular.", "original": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV shows on physical media formats in Australia, following a steep decline in sales of DVDs, Blu-rays and the like as streaming services become increasingly popular.", "recovered": "Disney has ceased releasing its films or TV wohss on physical daime formats in Australia, following a steep decline ni lases of DVDs, Bul-rays and het like as smetirgna services be   D"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because teh company can\u2019t make money offering tmhe at fatl cseipr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because teh company can\u2019t make money offering tmhe at fatl cseipr.\n", "scrambled": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because teh company can\u2019t make money offering tmhe at fatl cseipr.", "original": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because the company can\u2019t make money offering them at flat prices.", "recovered": "Dollar Tree, which sells most products for $1.25, will stop selling eggs because teh company can\u2019t make money offering tmhe at fatl cseipr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of trlibGraa\u2019s airport, which is technically no an RAF base despite inygl on a narrow chtrtse of aldn wetenbe Gibraltar adn the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the iBhtrsi overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the lcbo \u2013 to nijo the ncnegheS common travel area.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of trlibGraa\u2019s airport, which is technically no an RAF base despite inygl on a narrow chtrtse of aldn wetenbe Gibral ", "scrambled": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of trlibGraa\u2019s airport, which is technically no an RAF base despite inygl on a narrow chtrtse of aldn wetenbe Gibraltar adn the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the iBhtrsi overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the lcbo \u2013 to nijo the ncnegheS common travel area.", "original": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of Gibraltar\u2019s airport, which is technically on an RAF base despite lying on a narrow stretch of land between Gibraltar and the Spanish frontier. The EU is considering allowing the British overseas territory \u2013 which voted to remain in the bloc \u2013 to join the Schengen common travel area.", "recovered": "Downing Street has dismissed Spain\u2019s demand to oversee control of trlibGraa\u2019s airport, which is technically no an RAF base despite inygl on a narrow chtrtse of aldn wetenbe Gibral"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ueD to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, hUta, etrdi an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its ritfs-ever drone show. Watch some fo eth hrote dazzling celebrations that took place across America ereh.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " ueD to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, hUta, etrdi an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its ritfs-ever drone show.\n", "scrambled": "ueD to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, hUta, etrdi an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its ritfs-ever drone show. Watch some fo eth hrote dazzling celebrations that took place across America ereh.", "original": "Due to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, Utah, tried an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its first-ever drone show. Watch some of the other dazzling celebrations that took place across America here.", "recovered": "ueD to fire threats and environmental concerns, Salt Lake City, hUta, etrdi an alternative way of celebrating Independence Day with its ritfs-ever drone show."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Due to high demand for the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents were frequently forced ot nexapil the shortage to nydonae shoppers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Due to high demand for the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents were frequently forced ot nexapil the shortage to nydonae shoppers.\n", "scrambled": "Due to high demand for the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents were frequently forced ot nexapil the shortage to nydonae shoppers.", "original": "Due to high demand for the limited-edition Raspberry Rally cookie, scouts and parents were frequently forced to explain the shortage to annoyed shoppers.", "recovered": "Due to high demand for the limited-dntoiei Raspberry Rally cookie, costsu and parents were frequently forced ot nexapil the shortage to nydonae shoppers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ed Sheeran took teh natsd this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get tI On.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ed Sheeran took teh natsd this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get tI On.\u201d.\n", "scrambled": "Ed Sheeran took teh natsd this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get tI On.\u201d.", "original": "Ed Sheeran took the stand this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether his smash single \u201cThinking Out Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get It On.\u201d.", "recovered": "Ed Sheeran took teh natsd this week in a high-profile copyright trial about whether shi smash single \u201cinngkThi tOu Loud\u201d copied Marvin Gaye\u2019s hit \u201cLet\u2019s Get tI On.\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sEgg had het most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg ripsce soared in previous months lyprmiira due to avian ufl, which constrained supply.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " sEgg had het most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg ripsce soared in previous months lyprmiira due to avian ufl, which constrained supply.\n", "scrambled": "sEgg had het most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg ripsce soared in previous months lyprmiira due to avian ufl, which constrained supply.", "original": "Eggs had the most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg prices soared in previous months primarily due to avian flu, which constrained supply.", "recovered": "sEgg had het most dramatic decrease, with a nearly 11% decline. This comes after egg ripsce soared in previous months lyprmiira due to avian ufl, which constrained supply."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pytgE\u2019s Ministry of mrsouTi dna Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn Netflix for casting British actor ledeA James, who \u201cpossesses African features and kdar skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest pdeoeis of hTe Week Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " pytgE\u2019s Ministry of mrsouTi dna Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn Netflix for   ", "scrambled": "pytgE\u2019s Ministry of mrsouTi dna Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn Netflix for casting British actor ledeA James, who \u201cpossesses African features and kdar skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest pdeoeis of hTe Week Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "Egypt\u2019s Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, and criticising Netflix for casting British actor Adele James, who \u201cpossesses African features and dark skin\u201d. Find out more on the latest episode of The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "pytgE\u2019s Ministry of mrsouTi dna Antiquities released a statement emphasising that \u201cQueen Cleopatra had light skin and Hellenistic (Greek) features\u201d, dna giciriitscn Netflix for"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: sdEnlgea ideeaxpln on his website that he submitted the black-and-etihw image \u201cas a cheeky myonek, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey era not.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " sdEnlgea ideeaxpln on his website that he submitted the black-and-etihw image \u201cas a cheeky myonek, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d.\n", "scrambled": "sdEnlgea ideeaxpln on his website that he submitted the black-and-etihw image \u201cas a cheeky myonek, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey era not.\u201d.", "original": "Eldagsen explained on his website that he submitted the black-and-white image \u201cas a cheeky monkey, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images to enter\u201d. He concluded: \u201cThey are not.\u201d.", "recovered": "sdEnlgea ideeaxpln on his website that he submitted the black-and-etihw image \u201cas a cheeky myonek, to find out if the competitions are prepared for AI images ot nrtee\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Elon Musk sha laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over hte onmcpya, eh said ni an interview this week. eTh reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Elon Musk sha laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over hte onmcpya, eh said ni an interview this week. eTh reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staf ", "scrambled": "Elon Musk sha laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over hte onmcpya, eh said ni an interview this week. eTh reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "original": "Elon Musk has laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over the company, he said in an interview this week. The reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staff.", "recovered": "Elon Musk sha laid off more than 6,000 people at Twitter since taking over hte onmcpya, eh said ni an interview this week. eTh reduction equates to roughly 80% of the company\u2019s staf"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an ned with a performance in Stockholm, enedSw, this month. Ltinse to het heartfelt message he shared hwit his fans.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an ned with a performance in Stockholm, enedSw, this month. Ltinse to het heartfelt message he shared hwit his fans.\n", "scrambled": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an ned with a performance in Stockholm, enedSw, this month. Ltinse to het heartfelt message he shared hwit his fans.", "original": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an end with a performance in Stockholm, Sweden, this month. Listen to the heartfelt message he shared with his fans.", "recovered": "Elton John\u2019s final tour came to an ned with a performance in Stockholm, enedSw, this month. Ltinse to het heartfelt message he shared hwit his fans."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Engineers nad scientists ta the srhtBii engineering giant are aiming to create a small and twtiehliggh nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and rkow on eth Moon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Engineers nad scientists ta the srhtBii engineering giant are aiming to create a small and twtiehliggh nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and rkow on et  ", "scrambled": "Engineers nad scientists ta the srhtBii engineering giant are aiming to create a small and twtiehliggh nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and rkow on eth Moon.", "original": "Engineers and scientists at the British engineering giant are aiming to create a small and lightweight nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and work on the Moon.", "recovered": "Engineers nad scientists ta the srhtBii engineering giant are aiming to create a small and twtiehliggh nuclear micro-reactor to provide power needed for humans to live and rkow on et"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Knndyee Jr. has iedlf paperwork to unr for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old si the son of former New rYok senator, US renotaty erelnag adn assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew fo the late President hnoJ F. Kennedy.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Knndyee Jr. has iedlf paperwork to unr for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old si the son of former New Yok sena ", "scrambled": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Knndyee Jr. has iedlf paperwork to unr for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old si the son of former New rYok senator, US renotaty erelnag adn assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew fo the late President hnoJ F. Kennedy.", "original": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has filed paperwork to run for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old is the son of former New York senator, US attorney general and assassinated 1968 presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy.", "recovered": "Environmental lawyer and anti-vaccine activist Robert F. Knndyee Jr. has iedlf paperwork to unr for president in 2024 as a Democrat. The 69-year-old si the son of former New Yok sena"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: setaEt agent Fisher opCeor has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel from the nearest town, Ingleton.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " setaEt agent Fisher opCeor has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel from the nearest to  ", "scrambled": "setaEt agent Fisher opCeor has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel from the nearest town, Ingleton.", "original": "Estate agent Fisher Cooper has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor Cottages, which isn\u2019t accessible by car and is seven miles from the nearest town, Ingleton.", "recovered": "setaEt agent Fisher opCeor has slashed \u00a350,000 off the original \u00a3300,000 asking price for 3 Bleamoor tasegCot, which isn\u2019t accessible yb acr and is seven ismel from the nearest to"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: unaaEris beavers were thdeun to extinction ni Britain ni the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this rmusme in a bid to elhp tackle climate caenhg by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " unaaEris beavers were thdeun to extinction ni Britain ni the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this rmusme in a bid to elhp tackle climate cu", "scrambled": "unaaEris beavers were thdeun to extinction ni Britain ni the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this rmusme in a bid to elhp tackle climate caenhg by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.", "original": "Eurasian beavers were hunted to extinction in Britain in the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this summer in a bid to help tackle climate change by promoting a biodiverse ecosystem.", "recovered": "unaaEris beavers were thdeun to extinction ni Britain ni the 16th century, but a breeding pair will be reintroduced to wetlands in Ealing this rmusme in a bid to elhp tackle climate cu"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear lntap, Japan has been pumping awert inot the site ot cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, eht government plans to release a million metric tons of stih eardtet iaaedoirtvc water into the ocean, \u201cenough to ifll 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense tnpisoooip from iCnha and many Pacific islands.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear lntap, Japan has been pumping awert inot the site ot cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day.  ", "scrambled": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear lntap, Japan has been pumping awert inot the site ot cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day. Now, eht government plans to release a million metric tons of stih eardtet iaaedoirtvc water into the ocean, \u201cenough to ifll 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense tnpisoooip from iCnha and many Pacific islands.", "original": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear plant, Japan has been pumping water into the site to cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 contaminating 130,000 litres a day. Now, the government plans to release a million metric tons of this treated radioactive water into the ocean, \u201cenough to fill 500 Olympic-size swimming pools\u201d, to intense opposition from China and many Pacific islands.", "recovered": "Ever since the 2011 tsunami destroyed the Fukushima nuclear lntap, Japan has been pumping awert inot the site ot cool the reactor\u2019s fuel rods \u2013 oictimntagnna 130,000 litres a day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Experts fear htat TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death arets. Latest uifrseg suggest that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death rates. Latest uifrseg suggest that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a day worldwide in  ", "scrambled": "Experts fear htat TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death arets. Latest uifrseg suggest that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "original": "Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amid soaring infection and death rates. Latest figures suggest that the disease killed around 4,400 people a day worldwide in 2021.", "recovered": "Experts fear that TB represents a \u201cticking timebomb\u201d, amdi soaring infection and death rates. Latest uifrseg suggest that the disease ledkli around 4,400 people a day worldwide in"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Experts say Ansremaci are tipping lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed yb options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people ot be less reegusno.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Experts say Ansremaci are tipping lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed yb options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading    ", "scrambled": "Experts say Ansremaci are tipping lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed yb options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people ot be less reegusno.", "original": "Experts say Americans are tipping less \u2013 only around 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed by options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading people to be less generous.", "recovered": "Experts say Ansremaci are tipping lses \u2013 only donaru 16% \u2013 at quick-service establishments because they feel overwhelmed yb options to tip with a card on a touchscreen, leading"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Facebook users who had an active account between aMy 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement reached ni a ormja data privacy scandal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Facebook users who had an active account between aMy 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement reached ni a ormja data privacy scanda  ", "scrambled": "Facebook users who had an active account between aMy 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement reached ni a ormja data privacy scandal.", "original": "Facebook users who had an active account between May 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share of the company\u2019s $725 million settlement reached in a major data privacy scandal.", "recovered": "Facebook users who had an active account between aMy 2007 and December 2022 can now apply for a share fo the cmpayno\u2019s $725 million settlement reached ni a ormja data privacy scanda"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who oendpreie teh miniskirt. \u201cynOl teh Beatles are more oselcly tied ot the legend that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who oendpreie teh miniskirt. \u201cynOl teh Beatles are more oselcly tied ot the legend that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s   ", "scrambled": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who oendpreie teh miniskirt. \u201cynOl teh Beatles are more oselcly tied ot the legend that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.", "original": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who pioneered the miniskirt. \u201cOnly the Beatles are more closely tied to the legend that is London\u2019s swinging 60s than Mary Quant,\u201d said The Guardian.", "recovered": "Fans worldwide have been paying tribute to the British designer, who oendpreie teh miniskirt. \u201cynOl teh Beatles are more oselcly tied ot the legend that is London\u2019s sggiiwnn 60s"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Finland, Denmark nda Ildecna ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data mfro the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped wto places to 19th in hte index, lhiwe Lebanon nad Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest asoitnn.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Finland, Denmark and Ildecna ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped wto places to 19th in hte index, lhiwe Leb  ", "scrambled": "Finland, Denmark nda Ildecna ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data mfro the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped wto places to 19th in hte index, lhiwe Lebanon nad Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest asoitnn.", "original": "Finland, Denmark and Iceland ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped two places to 19th in the index, while Lebanon and Afghanistan were named as the unhappiest nations.", "recovered": "Finland, Denmark and Ildecna ranked highest in the UN\u2019s World Happiness Report, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Britain dropped wto places to 19th in hte index, lhiwe Leb"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major nacdtaedi ever to announce their run for president on social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe on daseyedWn. But the campaign auhlcn was marred by iecchtlan glitches and audio problems, as the cslioa network\u2019s servers struggled ot cope with the surge in demand.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major nacdtaedi ever to announce their run for president on social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe on daseyedWn.\n", "scrambled": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major nacdtaedi ever to announce their run for president on social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe on daseyedWn. But the campaign auhlcn was marred by iecchtlan glitches and audio problems, as the cslioa network\u2019s servers struggled ot cope with the surge in demand.", "original": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major candidate ever to announce their run for president on social media, during a chat with Elon Musk on Twitter Spaces on Wednesday. But the campaign launch was marred by technical glitches and audio problems, as the social network\u2019s servers struggled to cope with the surge in demand.", "recovered": "Florida Governor DeSantis is the first major nacdtaedi ever to announce their run for president on social eamdi, during a athc with Elon Musk on rtTtwei csaSpe on daseyedWn."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: lFootlab\u2019s global governing body Fifa hsa confirmed ahtt the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, aaadCn nda Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 amets, which will require 40 games more than eth 64 played in Qatar last year.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " lFootlab\u2019s global governing body Fifa hsa confirmed ahtt the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, aaadCn nda Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 amets, which will require 40  ", "scrambled": "lFootlab\u2019s global governing body Fifa hsa confirmed ahtt the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, aaadCn nda Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 amets, which will require 40 games more than eth 64 played in Qatar last year.", "original": "Football\u2019s global governing body Fifa has confirmed that the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, Canada and Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 teams, which will require 40 games more than the 64 played in Qatar last year.", "recovered": "lFootlab\u2019s global governing body Fifa hsa confirmed ahtt the tournament \u2013 being co-hosted by the US, aaadCn nda Mexico \u2013 is expanding from 32 to 48 amets, which will require 40"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top pots on the Dirty enoDz list with the smot pesticides, eht US Department of ucrtegArilu announced this ewek.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top pots on the Dirty enoDz list with the smot pesticides, eht US Department of ucrtegArilu announced this ewek.\n", "scrambled": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top pots on the Dirty enoDz list with the smot pesticides, eht US Department of ucrtegArilu announced this ewek.", "original": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top spot on the Dirty Dozen list with the most pesticides, the US Department of Agriculture announced this week.", "recovered": "For another year in a row, strawberries continue to hold the top pots on the Dirty enoDz list with the smot pesticides, eht US Department of ucrtegArilu announced this ewek."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For eht trsfi time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the SU, according to the neaicArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. iTgnak its place is the cute and compact nhercF Bulldog.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the SU, according to the SU Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. For its place   ", "scrambled": "For eht trsfi time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the SU, according to the neaicArm Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. iTgnak its place is the cute and compact nhercF Bulldog.", "original": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the US, according to the American Kennel Club\u2019s latest statistics. Taking its place is the cute and compact French Bulldog.", "recovered": "For the first time in 31 years, the Labrador Retriever has been unseated as the most popular dog breed in the SU, according to the SU Kennel Club\u2019s tsaetl csitttassi. For its place"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: For the first time in 70 years, het CDC is changing who dogs aer imported iont the US to prevent rabies from arriving from aroesevs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " For the first time in 70 years, het CDC is changing who dogs aer imported iont the US to prevent rabies from arriving from aroesevs.\n", "scrambled": "For the first time in 70 years, het CDC is changing who dogs aer imported iont the US to prevent rabies from arriving from aroesevs.", "original": "For the first time in 70 years, the CDC is changing how dogs are imported into the US to prevent rabies from arriving from overseas.", "recovered": "For the first time in 70 years, het CDC is changing who dogs aer imported iont the US to prevent rabies from arriving from aroesevs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rFdo appears to be acinfg more manufacturing rmesbpol. See the models affected by the latest recall.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " rFdo appears to be acinfg more manufacturing rmesbpol. See the models affected by the latest recall.\n", "scrambled": "rFdo appears to be acinfg more manufacturing rmesbpol. See the models affected by the latest recall.", "original": "Ford appears to be facing more manufacturing problems. See the models affected by the latest recall.", "recovered": "rFdo appears to be acinfg more manufacturing rmesbpol. See the models affected by the latest recall."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rodF recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a piargnk arkeb issue. So far, the akomtuare is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake iivancgtat unintentionally, including at taels 19 while the vehicle asw being driven.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a piargnk arkeb issue. So far, the akomtuare is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake iivancgtat unintention ", "scrambled": "rodF recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a piargnk arkeb issue. So far, the akomtuare is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake iivancgtat unintentionally, including at taels 19 while the vehicle asw being driven.", "original": "Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a parking brake issue. So far, the automaker is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake activating unintentionally, including at least 19 while the vehicle was being driven.", "recovered": "Ford recalled hundreds of thousands of F-150 trucks this week due to a piargnk arkeb issue. So far, the akomtuare is aware of 299 instances of the parking brake iivancgtat unintention"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv company for kids to help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d in the SU.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv company for kids to help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d in th ", "scrambled": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv company for kids to help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d in the SU.", "original": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday that she\u2019s launching a healthy food and beverage company for kids to help combat the \u201cnutrition-related health crisis\u201d in the US.", "recovered": "Former First Lady Michelle Obama announced Wednesday taht she\u2019s ulhacngni a healthy food dan eeragebv company for kids to help combat the \u201cntriniout-related health crisis\u201d in th"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of yfnagiflis business records ni tMhananta criminal roctu Tuesday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of yfnagiflis business records ni tMhananta criminal roctu Tuesday.\n", "scrambled": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of yfnagiflis business records ni tMhananta criminal roctu Tuesday.", "original": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of falsifying business records in Manhattan criminal court Tuesday.", "recovered": "Former President Donald Trump pleaded not guilty to 34 felony criminal charges of yfnagiflis business records ni tMhananta criminal roctu Tuesday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Former Vice President Mike Pence will unclha his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in aIow, otw ucessro familiar with eth plans ltle CNN.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Former Vice President Mike Pence will unclha his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in aIow, otw ucessro familiar with eth plans ltle CNN.\n", "scrambled": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will unclha his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in aIow, otw ucessro familiar with eth plans ltle CNN.", "original": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will launch his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in Iowa, two sources familiar with the plans tell CNN.", "recovered": "Former Vice President Mike Pence will unclha his 2024 presidential campaign on June 7 with an announcement video and a speech in aIow, otw ucessro familiar with eth plans ltle CNN."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Former \u201cGreat rBitshi Menu\u201d star John intnuaoM, originally from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative eiwerv from a non-meat aeetr. On the Facebook apge of shi Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John intnuaoM, originally from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative eiwerv from  ", "scrambled": "Former \u201cGreat rBitshi Menu\u201d star John intnuaoM, originally from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative eiwerv from a non-meat aeetr. On the Facebook apge of shi Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.", "original": "Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John Mountain, originally from Lancashire, posted a message on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative review from a non-meat eater. On the Facebook page of his Perth restaurant, Fyre, he added that \u201call vegans are now banned\u201d.", "recovered": "Former \u201cGreat British Menu\u201d star John intnuaoM, originally from Lsaercihan, dpoest a esasgme on social media telling vegans to \u201cf*** off\u201d, after getting a negative eiwerv from"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Four astronauts, including three Americans and one naadCnai, lliw eb the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apooll program ended more tnha 50 years ago.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Four astronauts, including three Americans and one naadCnai, lliw eb the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apooll program ended more tnha 50 years ago.\n", "scrambled": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one naadCnai, lliw eb the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apooll program ended more tnha 50 years ago.", "original": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one Canadian, will be the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apollo program ended more than 50 years ago.", "recovered": "Four astronauts, including three Americans and one naadCnai, lliw eb the first crew sent to orbit the moon since the Apooll program ended more tnha 50 years ago."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past efw ewske. They all pearpa to eb making their annual migration from the Fodialr Keys up to the SU Northeast nad andaCa, according to the nonprofit emiran research group OCEARCH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past efw ewske. They all pearpa to eb making their annual migration from the Fodialr Keys up to the SU Northea ", "scrambled": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past efw ewske. They all pearpa to eb making their annual migration from the Fodialr Keys up to the SU Northeast nad andaCa, according to the nonprofit emiran research group OCEARCH.", "original": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past few weeks. They all appear to be making their annual migration from the Florida Keys up to the US Northeast and Canada, according to the nonprofit marine research group OCEARCH.", "recovered": "Four great white sharks have been detected swimming off the coast in the past efw ewske. They all pearpa to eb making their annual migration from the Fodialr Keys up to the SU Northea"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dead in a burned building after a standoff with thiriasueot, and a second asw apprehended in Texas. As fo Friday, authorities were continuing their haresc rof the two surviving escaped tsmaeni.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dead in a burned building after a standoff with thiriasueot, and a second asw apprehen ", "scrambled": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dead in a burned building after a standoff with thiriasueot, and a second asw apprehended in Texas. As fo Friday, authorities were continuing their haresc rof the two surviving escaped tsmaeni.", "original": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials said. One of them was found dead in a burned building after a standoff with authorities, and a second was apprehended in Texas. As of Friday, authorities were continuing their search for the two surviving escaped inmates.", "recovered": "Four men escaped from a Mississippi jail over the weekend, officials siad. One fo them asw found dead in a burned building after a standoff with thiriasueot, and a second asw apprehen"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the ntkreow\u2019s prime meti 8 p.m. hour, have reesvde ties, the ewotkrn said in a stunning nnconuanetem on Monday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the ntkreow\u2019s prime meti 8 p.m. hour, have reesvde ties, the ewotkrn said in a stunning nnconuanetem on Monday.\n", "scrambled": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the ntkreow\u2019s prime meti 8 p.m. hour, have reesvde ties, the ewotkrn said in a stunning nnconuanetem on Monday.", "original": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the network\u2019s prime time 8 p.m. hour, have severed ties, the network said in a stunning announcement on Monday.", "recovered": "Fox News and Tucker Carlson, the right-wing extremist who hosted the ntkreow\u2019s prime meti 8 p.m. hour, have reesvde ties, the ewotkrn said in a stunning nnconuanetem on Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox News ndnuoenac the prime-time host\u2019s atpbur departure on Monday, less tahn a week etraf agreeing to ayp $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson elyadp a starring role.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News ndnuoenac the prime-time host\u2019s atpbur departure on Monday, less tahn a week etraf agreeing to ayp $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson elyadp a starring ro  ", "scrambled": "Fox News ndnuoenac the prime-time host\u2019s atpbur departure on Monday, less tahn a week etraf agreeing to ayp $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson elyadp a starring role.", "original": "Fox News announced the prime-time host\u2019s abrupt departure on Monday, less than a week after agreeing to pay $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson played a starring role.", "recovered": "Fox News ndnuoenac the prime-time host\u2019s atpbur departure on Monday, less tahn a week etraf agreeing to ayp $787.5m to settle a defamation case in which Carlson elyadp a starring ro"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching het last-minute deal with iDnmnioo, concluding two resay of tiotlinagi over the wesn network\u2019s airing fo elfas claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching het last-minute deal with iDnmnioo, concluding two resay of tiotlinagi over the wesn network\u2019s airing fo elfas claims   ", "scrambled": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching het last-minute deal with iDnmnioo, concluding two resay of tiotlinagi over the wesn network\u2019s airing fo elfas claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "original": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching the last-minute deal with Dominion, concluding two years of litigation over the news network\u2019s airing of false claims that the 2020 US presidential election was rigged.", "recovered": "Fox News avoided a high-profile defamation trial by reaching het last-minute deal with iDnmnioo, concluding two resay of tiotlinagi over the wesn network\u2019s airing fo elfas claims"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Fox News will pay eorm than $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etsSsmy after the two sides agreed to a astl-minute settlement ysdeaTu in the lvseexipo defamation case brought against the right-wing network.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Fox News will pay eorm than $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etsSsmy after the two sides agreed to a astl-minute settlement ysdeaTu in the lvseexipo defamation case.\n", "scrambled": "Fox News will pay eorm than $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etsSsmy after the two sides agreed to a astl-minute settlement ysdeaTu in the lvseexipo defamation case brought against the right-wing network.", "original": "Fox News will pay more than $787 million to Dominion Voting Systems after the two sides agreed to a last-minute settlement Tuesday in the explosive defamation case brought against the right-wing network.", "recovered": "Fox News will pay eorm than $787 million to oonmnDii Voting etsSsmy after the two sides agreed to a astl-minute settlement ysdeaTu in the lvseexipo defamation case."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at elgra. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a widl orba, cdcingrao to icupbl broadcaster BBR. \u201cWe ndo\u2019t know wereh ti came from,\u201d said cipleo spokesman Daniel Kiep. oN nearby zoos, circuses or ssritaeucan seem to be missing one.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at elgra.\n", "scrambled": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at elgra. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a widl orba, cdcingrao to icupbl broadcaster BBR. \u201cWe ndo\u2019t know wereh ti came from,\u201d said cipleo spokesman Daniel Kiep. oN nearby zoos, circuses or ssritaeucan seem to be missing one.", "original": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at large. Two witnesses reported seeing a big cat running after and killing a wild boar, according to public broadcaster RBB. \u201cWe don\u2019t know where it came from,\u201d said police spokesman Daniel Kiep. No nearby zoos, circuses or sanctuaries seem to be missing one.", "recovered": "German authorities warned locals in Berlin\u2019s southern suburbs to stay indoors after reports that a female lion was at elgra."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Germany, the wto-time champion team, asw dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 draw with South rKeao.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Germany, the wto-time champion team, asw dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 draw with South rKeao.\n", "scrambled": "Germany, the wto-time champion team, asw dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 draw with South rKeao.", "original": "Germany, the two-time champion team, was dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on Thursday after a 1-1 draw with South Korea.", "recovered": "Germany, the wto-time champion team, asw dramatically knocked out of the World Cup on ayhsrTdu after a 1-1 draw with South rKeao."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm area, odgrcnaic to an analysis of ONS data yb Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d glareoni disparities on udsadsrnatb housing, poor education and poverty. Find uot more wiht The eWek Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm area, odgrcnaic to an analysis of ONS data yb Health Equals. The campaign group blame ", "scrambled": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm area, odgrcnaic to an analysis of ONS data yb Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d glareoni disparities on udsadsrnatb housing, poor education and poverty. Find uot more wiht The eWek Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north London\u2019s Hampstead area, according to an analysis of ONS data by Health Equals. The campaign group blamed \u201cstartling\u201d regional disparities on substandard housing, poor education and poverty. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Glasgow has an average life expectancy of 76 years, compared with 88 in north odonLn\u2019s sHtadeapm area, odgrcnaic to an analysis of ONS data yb Health Equals. The campaign group blame"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Global star orTaly Swift sha re-eesrleda her 2010 album \u201ckapeS Now\u201d as part fo an ongoing er-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to eth lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than eneevgR\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who ash stolen her love tiesetrn of being \u201cbetter known for het thngsi that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Global star Taylor Swift sha re-eesrleda her 2010 album \u201ckapeS Now\u201d as part fo an ongoing er-recording project.\n", "scrambled": "Global star orTaly Swift sha re-eesrleda her 2010 album \u201ckapeS Now\u201d as part fo an ongoing er-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to eth lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than eneevgR\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who ash stolen her love tiesetrn of being \u201cbetter known for het thngsi that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.", "original": "Global star Taylor Swift has re-released her 2010 album \u201cSpeak Now\u201d as part of an ongoing re-recording project. But fans are divided over changes to the lyrics of the album\u2019s tenth track, \u201cBetter Than Revenge\u201d. In the original version, Swift accuses a girl who has stolen her love interest of being \u201cbetter known for the things that she does / On the mattress.\u201d.", "recovered": "Global star Taylor Swift sha re-eesrleda her 2010 album \u201ckapeS Now\u201d as part fo an ongoing er-recording project."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Granger delivered the news, woknn as aeeGlrn Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Granger delivered the news, woknn as aeeGlrn Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.\n", "scrambled": "Granger delivered the news, woknn as aeeGlrn Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "original": "Granger delivered the news, known as General Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas.", "recovered": "Granger delivered the news, woknn as aeeGlrn Orders, No. 3, in Galveston, Texas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick ot Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to do business with eEropu and North Amrceai. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped odtacsp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick ot Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to do business with eEropu  ", "scrambled": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick ot Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to do business with eEropu and North Amrceai. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped odtacsp.", "original": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick to Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent territory more time in the afternoon to do business with Europe and North America. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Greenland\u2019s parliament voted to stick ot Daylight Saving Times in order to give people in the Danish semi-independent yrortreit more etmi ni eth afternoon to do business with eEropu"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Greta greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie the opt spot as the highest-grossing film of the arey, raking in $162 million in the US dna Canada alone.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Greta greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie the opt spot as the highest-grossing film of the arey, raking in $162 million in the US dna Canada alone.\n", "scrambled": "Greta greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie the opt spot as the highest-grossing film of the arey, raking in $162 million in the US dna Canada alone.", "original": "Greta Gerwig\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d claimed the top spot as the highest-grossing film of the year, raking in $162 million in the US and Canada alone.", "recovered": "Greta greiGw\u2019s \u201cBarbie\u201d mdclaie the opt spot as the highest-grossing film of the arey, raking in $162 million in the US dna Canada alone."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Gfrei-stricken Nashville sitseernd aemc together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-ryae-old children dna three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Gfrei-stricken Nashville sitseernd aemc together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-ryae-old children dna three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.\n", "scrambled": "Gfrei-stricken Nashville sitseernd aemc together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-ryae-old children dna three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.", "original": "Grief-stricken Nashville residents came together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-year-old children and three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school.", "recovered": "Gfrei-stricken Nashville sitseernd aemc together for a vigil Wednesday to mourn three 9-ryae-old children dna three adults killed in the mass shooting at a private Christian school."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 yEmm nominations, followed by \u201cThe sLta of Us\u201d with 24. Teh Emmy sarAdw are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, which like CNN, is owned by Warner rsBo. Discovery.).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 yEmm nominations, followed by \u201cThe sLta of Us\u201d with 24. Teh Emmy sarAdw are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, which like CNN, is own ", "scrambled": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 yEmm nominations, followed by \u201cThe sLta of Us\u201d with 24. Teh Emmy sarAdw are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, which like CNN, is owned by Warner rsBo. Discovery.).", "original": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 Emmy nominations, followed by \u201cThe Last of Us\u201d with 24. The Emmy Awards are currently scheduled for September 18. (HBO, which like CNN, is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.).", "recovered": "HBO\u2019s \u201cSuccession\u201d led with 27 yEmm nominations, followed by \u201cThe sLta of Us\u201d with 24. Teh Emmy sarAdw are currently scheduled for September 18. (HOB, which like CNN, is own"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hackers from a ransomware gagn are threatening ot leak 80 ygtabiges of confidential data ofrm Reddit that they cimal to have stolen during a February breach, according to a opst from the group no the dark web, which was reviewed by NNC and an independent crsibcueteyry expert.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Hackers from a ransomware gagn are threatening ot leak 80 ygtabiges of confidential data ofrm Reddit that they cimal to have stolen during a February breach.\n", "scrambled": "Hackers from a ransomware gagn are threatening ot leak 80 ygtabiges of confidential data ofrm Reddit that they cimal to have stolen during a February breach, according to a opst from the group no the dark web, which was reviewed by NNC and an independent crsibcueteyry expert.", "original": "Hackers from a ransomware gang are threatening to leak 80 gigabytes of confidential data from Reddit that they claim to have stolen during a February breach, according to a post from the group on the dark web, which was reviewed by CNN and an independent cybersecurity expert.", "recovered": "Hackers from a ransomware gagn are threatening ot leak 80 ygtabiges of confidential data ofrm Reddit that they cimal to have stolen during a February breach."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Half of all Americans ignilv outside on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in het state \u2014 and that rugeif is growing, federal data shows.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Half of all Americans ignilv outside on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in het state \u2014 and that rugeif is growing, federal data show  ", "scrambled": "Half of all Americans ignilv outside on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in het state \u2014 and that rugeif is growing, federal data shows.", "original": "Half of all Americans living outside on the streets live in California. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in the state \u2014 and that figure is growing, federal data shows.", "recovered": "Half of all Americans ignilv outside on het streets live ni rnlioCaafi. More than 170,000 unhoused people currently live in het state \u2014 and that rugeif is growing, federal data show"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hannah Ingram-Moore nad her husband rwee granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire ehom, to be used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain omT Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool unlbdigi and applied for retrospective permission. heyT have now neeb derdore to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application wsa denied.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hannah Ingram-Moore nad her husband rwee granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire ehom, to be used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain omT Found ", "scrambled": "Hannah Ingram-Moore nad her husband rwee granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire ehom, to be used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain omT Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool unlbdigi and applied for retrospective permission. heyT have now neeb derdore to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application wsa denied.", "original": "Hannah Ingram-Moore and her husband were granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire home, to be used partly \u201cin connection with the Captain Tom Foundation and its charitable objectives\u201d, but then added a pool building and applied for retrospective permission. They have now been ordered to demolish the pool spa complex after the retrospective application was denied.", "recovered": "Hannah Ingram-Moore nad her husband rwee granted permission to build an office in the grounds of their Bedfordshire ehom, to be used tpryla \u201cin connection ihwt het Captain omT Found"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hun Sen, who has eben Cambodia\u2019s imrpe minister since 1985, oanenncdu his resignation asyd after his party own a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The eWek Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hun Sen, who has eben Cambodia\u2019s imrpe minister since 1985, oanenncdu his resignation asyd after his party own a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The eWek  ", "scrambled": "Hun Sen, who has eben Cambodia\u2019s imrpe minister since 1985, oanenncdu his resignation asyd after his party own a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The eWek Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "Hun Sen, who has been Cambodia\u2019s prime minister since 1985, announced his resignation days after his party won a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Hun Sen, who has eben Cambodia\u2019s imrpe minister since 1985, oanenncdu his resignation asyd after his party own a virtually uncontested general election. Find out more with The eWek"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hunter Biden, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy to two axt dmsnoiereasm adn struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony ngu rahceg, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. sA part of the plea agreement, the ODJ ash agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to ypa taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to cseours.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hunter Biden, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy to two axt dmsnoiereasm adn struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony ngu rahceg, the Justice Departme ", "scrambled": "Hunter Biden, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy to two axt dmsnoiereasm adn struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony ngu rahceg, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. sA part of the plea agreement, the ODJ ash agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to ypa taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to cseours.", "original": "Hunter Biden, the son of President Joe Biden, will plead guilty to two tax misdemeanors and struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony gun charge, the Justice Department said Tuesday in court filings. As part of the plea agreement, the DOJ has agreed to recommend a sentence of probation for the two counts of failing to pay taxes in a timely matter for the years 2017 and 2018, according to sources.", "recovered": "Hunter Biden, the son of dserPietn Joe endBi, will ealpd ligtuy to two axt dmsnoiereasm adn struck a deal with federal prosecutors to resolve a felony ngu rahceg, the Justice Departme"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Hvaldimir ahs recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having etspn years in Norwegian waters. When the whale ifrts apeerpda four years aog, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of eisirhesf removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cptEnieumq St Petersburg\u201d printed no it, daegnil ot speculation the hwlea could veha been part of a Russian spying mpemgraro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Hvaldimir ahs recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having etspn years in Norwegian waters. When the whale ifrts apeerpda four years aog, marine biologists from the Norwegian   ", "scrambled": "Hvaldimir ahs recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having etspn years in Norwegian waters. When the whale ifrts apeerpda four years aog, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of eisirhesf removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cptEnieumq St Petersburg\u201d printed no it, daegnil ot speculation the hwlea could veha been part of a Russian spying mpemgraro.", "original": "Hvaldimir has recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having spent years in Norwegian waters. When the whale first appeared four years ago, marine biologists from the Norwegian directorate of fisheries removed a harness, which had a mount suitable for an action camera and the words \u201cEquipment St Petersburg\u201d printed on it, leading to speculation the whale could have been part of a Russian spying programme.", "recovered": "Hvaldimir ahs recently reappeared off the coast of Sweden, having etspn years in Norwegian waters. When the whale ifrts apeerpda four years aog, marine biologists from the Norwegian"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: If the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, tnuvrlseoe ot receive UBI will be selected at modnar from Jarrow ni South eTinseyd and East lhFeniyc in north nnoodL, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " If the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, tnuvrlseoe ot receive UBI will be selected at modnar from Jarrow ni South eTinseyd and East lhFeniyc in north nnoodL, and 20% of place", "scrambled": "If the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, tnuvrlseoe ot receive UBI will be selected at modnar from Jarrow ni South eTinseyd and East lhFeniyc in north nnoodL, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "original": "If the two-year pilot programme secures funding, volunteers to receive UBI will be selected at random from Jarrow in South Tyneside and East Finchley in north London, and 20% of places will be reserved for people with disabilities.", "recovered": "If the two-year pilot mgearprom secures funding, tnuvrlseoe ot receive UBI will be selected at modnar from Jarrow ni South eTinseyd and East lhFeniyc in north nnoodL, and 20% of place"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In 2022, the State iFra of sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its aegst.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In 2022, the State iFra of sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its aegst.\n", "scrambled": "In 2022, the State iFra of sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its aegst.", "original": "In 2022, the State Fair of Texas welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its gates.", "recovered": "In 2022, the State iFra of sxTea welcomed more than 2.5 million visitors through its aegst."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle eatM\u201d, the MasterChef co-host eailcdm to be iitivsgn a aocympn that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices fo flesh surgically eresdahvt mfro real people. The mockumentary sah sparked complaints to moOfc from viewers hwo believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way ot combat the cost-fo-living crisis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle eatM\u201d, the MasterChef co-host eailcdm to be iitivsgn a aocympn that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices fo fles ", "scrambled": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle eatM\u201d, the MasterChef co-host eailcdm to be iitivsgn a aocympn that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices fo flesh surgically eresdahvt mfro real people. The mockumentary sah sparked complaints to moOfc from viewers hwo believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way ot combat the cost-fo-living crisis.", "original": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle Meat\u201d, the MasterChef co-host claimed to be visiting a company that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices of flesh surgically harvested from real people. The mockumentary has sparked complaints to Ofcom from viewers who believed Wallace really was promoting human steaks as a way to combat the cost-of-living crisis.", "recovered": "In Channel 4\u2019s \u201cGregg Wallace: The British Miracle eatM\u201d, the MasterChef co-host eailcdm to be iitivsgn a aocympn that sold \u201cengineered human meat\u201d grown from slices fo fles"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In Italy, an intensifying ahte wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rmoe cicdtatapeina due to hate rektso, officials said.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In Italy, an intensifying ahte wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rmoe cicdtatapeina due to hate rektso, officials said.\n", "scrambled": "In Italy, an intensifying ahte wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rmoe cicdtatapeina due to hate rektso, officials said.", "original": "In Italy, an intensifying heat wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rome incapacitated due to heat stroke, officials said.", "recovered": "In Italy, an intensifying ahte wave has already claimed at least one life and left several tourists in Rmoe cicdtatapeina due to hate rektso, officials said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a YouGov survey of 4,592 ihriBts voters, almost eon in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy dloush be replaced with an elected deah of state. Almost 60% said yeht believed King selraCh swa out of hcotu with the public.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a YouGov survey of 4,592 ihriBts voters, almost eon in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy dloush be replaced with an elected deah of state. Almost 60% said yeht belie ", "scrambled": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 ihriBts voters, almost eon in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy dloush be replaced with an elected deah of state. Almost 60% said yeht believed King selraCh swa out of hcotu with the public.", "original": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 British voters, almost one in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy should be replaced with an elected head of state. Almost 60% said they believed King Charles was out of touch with the public.", "recovered": "In a YouGov survey of 4,592 ihriBts voters, almost eon in four Gen Z respondents said the British monarchy dloush be replaced with an elected deah of state. Almost 60% said yeht belie"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, teehhmnCla Council provided liquid-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also uoerdpcd a poster showing a nma dan a nwoma peeing against a tree, with the nosagl: \u201cHave fun this earc week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, teehhmnCla Council provided liquid-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot residents and businesses. teehhm ", "scrambled": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, teehhmnCla Council provided liquid-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also uoerdpcd a poster showing a nma dan a nwoma peeing against a tree, with the nosagl: \u201cHave fun this earc week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.", "original": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, Cheltenham Council provided liquid-repelling hydrophobic paint to residents and businesses. Officials in the Gloucestershire town also produced a poster showing a man and a woman peeing against a tree, with the slogan: \u201cHave fun this race week but remember our town isn\u2019t your toilet.\u201d.", "recovered": "In a bid to prevent racegoers from urinating in public during this week\u2019s meeting, teehhmnCla Council provided liquid-elpgenirl phbochiydro pinta ot residents and businesses. teehhm"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a letter ot health and social erca essbso, etM Police commissioner Mark Rowley asedtt his intention to order officers not ot attend mental health incidents rmfo 31 gAtsuu onwards. Rowley argued the mveo is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current utstoaiin \u201cuntenable\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a letter ot health and social erca essbso, etM Police commissioner Mark Rowley asedtt his intention to order officers not ot attend mental health incidents rmfo 31 gAtsuu onwards.\n", "scrambled": "In a letter ot health and social erca essbso, etM Police commissioner Mark Rowley asedtt his intention to order officers not ot attend mental health incidents rmfo 31 gAtsuu onwards. Rowley argued the mveo is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current utstoaiin \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "original": "In a letter to health and social care bosses, Met Police commissioner Mark Rowley stated his intention to order officers not to attend mental health incidents from 31 August onwards. Rowley argued the move is necessary as officers are being \u201cdiverted from their core role of fighting crime\u201d, calling the current situation \u201cuntenable\u201d.", "recovered": "In a letter ot health and social erca essbso, etM Police commissioner Mark Rowley asedtt his intention to order officers not ot attend mental health incidents rmfo 31 gAtsuu onwards."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead of Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Lrabuo leader also unveiled plans ot help srfti-emti home buyers, and a revamp fo tuition fees.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead of Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii about real change\u201d by overhauling public e ", "scrambled": "In a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead of Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Lrabuo leader also unveiled plans ot help srfti-emti home buyers, and a revamp fo tuition fees.", "original": "In a newspaper interview ahead of Thursday\u2019s local elections, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and reforming Labour government bringing about real change\u201d by overhauling public services including the NHS. The Labour leader also unveiled plans to help first-time home buyers, and a revamp of tuition fees.", "recovered": "In a newspaper tiirnvwee ahead of Thursday\u2019s local ielotecns, Starmer pledged to lead a \u201cbold and rfnoegirm Labour government gnbrgnii about real change\u201d by overhauling public e"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: nI a report published no Thursday, the privileges committee said that dha Johnson not already nidgeres, he should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " nI a report published no Thursday, the privileges committee said that dha Johnson not already nidgeres, he should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for deliberately misleading MPs n ", "scrambled": "nI a report published no Thursday, the privileges committee said that dha Johnson not already nidgeres, he should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "original": "In a report published on Thursday, the privileges committee said that had Johnson not already resigned, he should have faced a three-month suspension for deliberately misleading MPs over Partygate.", "recovered": "nI a report published no Thursday, the privileges committee said that dha Johnson not already nidgeres, he should have cefad a three-month enpusisons for deliberately misleading MPs n"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In a significant gleal nrilug, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the emsa legal weight sa a ornitaatild signature. The judge argued atth courts must embrace the evolving mmocitnacuino methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he spsade a itvcerd demanding a remarf pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a significant gleal nrilug, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the emsa legal weight sa a ornitaatild signature.\n", "scrambled": "In a significant gleal nrilug, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the emsa legal weight sa a ornitaatild signature. The judge argued atth courts must embrace the evolving mmocitnacuino methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he spsade a itvcerd demanding a remarf pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.", "original": "In a significant legal ruling, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the same legal weight as a traditional signature. The judge argued that courts must embrace the evolving communication methods of the \u201cnew reality\u201d as he passed a verdict demanding a farmer pay C$82,000 (\u00a347,648) for an unfulfilled contract with a grain buyer.", "recovered": "In a significant gleal nrilug, a Canadian judge has declared that the \u201cthumbs-up\u201d emoji carries the emsa legal weight sa a ornitaatild signature."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to eraeastp following \u201cmany iugefmlann dna difficult conversations\u201d. They ewer married in atolnreM in 2005 and have three nrcidelh together.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to eraeastp following \u201cmany iugefmlann  ", "scrambled": "In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to eraeastp following \u201cmany iugefmlann dna difficult conversations\u201d. They ewer married in atolnreM in 2005 and have three nrcidelh together.", "original": "In an announcement on Instagram, the Canadian prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to separate following \u201cmany meaningful and difficult conversations\u201d. They were married in Montreal in 2005 and have three children together.", "recovered": "In an announcement on Instagram, het anaCaidn prime minister and his wife, former TV presenter Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau, said they had decided to eraeastp following \u201cmany iugefmlann"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 utjs larger than a softball \u2013 nedria down on neighborhoods while osme western sbsuurb of Chicago saw hail the size of bbelsalas.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 utjs larger than a softball \u2013 nedria down on neighborhoods while osme western sbsuurb of Chicago saw hail the size of bbelsalas.\n", "scrambled": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 utjs larger than a softball \u2013 nedria down on neighborhoods while osme western sbsuurb of Chicago saw hail the size of bbelsalas.", "original": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 just larger than a softball \u2013 rained down on neighborhoods while some western suburbs of Chicago saw hail the size of baseballs.", "recovered": "In eastern Iowa, 4-inch hail \u2013 utjs larger than a softball \u2013 nedria down on neighborhoods while osme western sbsuurb of Chicago saw hail the size of bbelsalas."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In linplog for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to eols the tnex election. lnOy 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were dhel ootwrmro.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In a poll for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to win the next election. lnOy 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were dhel ootwrmro.\n", "scrambled": "In linplog for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to eols the tnex election. lnOy 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were dhel ootwrmro.", "original": "In polling for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to lose the next election. Only 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were held tomorrow.", "recovered": "In a poll for The Times, 62% of millennials said the Tories deserved to win the next election. lnOy 21% said they would vote Conservative if an election were dhel ootwrmro."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence ni more hnat a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global utlda population will experience iitetyrilnf. Based no more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and nwetebe hhgi, middle and low-income terinsuco. \u201cFor ililnmso undora the world, the path ot parenthood can eb difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr rTesod Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the OWH icdrtreo general.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence ni more hnat a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global utlda population will experience iitetyrilnf.\n", "scrambled": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence ni more hnat a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global utlda population will experience iitetyrilnf. Based no more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and nwetebe hhgi, middle and low-income terinsuco. \u201cFor ililnmso undora the world, the path ot parenthood can eb difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr rTesod Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the OWH icdrtreo general.", "original": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence in more than a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global adult population will experience infertility. Based on more than 100 studies between 1990 and 2021, the results show limited variation between regions and between high, middle and low-income countries. \u201cFor millions around the world, the path to parenthood can be difficult to access, if not impossible,\u201d said Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO director general.", "recovered": "In the WHO\u2019s first estimates of infertility prevalence ni more hnat a decade, it was found that about 17.5% of the global utlda population will experience iitetyrilnf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: In het akwe fo several recent smas shootings, Wagsnthion\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban no most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " In het akwe fo several recent smas shootings, Wagsnthion\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban no most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular  ", "scrambled": "In het akwe fo several recent smas shootings, Wagsnthion\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban no most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "original": "In the wake of several recent mass shootings, Washington\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban on most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular AR-15 rifle.", "recovered": "In het akwe fo several recent smas shootings, Wagsnthion\u2019s Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee this week signed a statewide ban no most sales of assault-style weapons, including the popular"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being targeted with pop-up esvido awnigrn of the consequences of ggeintt drunk and rowdy ni the Dutch paciatl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being targeted with pop-up esvido awnigrn of the consequences of ggeintt drunk and rowdy ni \n", "scrambled": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being targeted with pop-up esvido awnigrn of the consequences of ggeintt drunk and rowdy ni the Dutch paciatl.", "original": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such as \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d are being targeted with pop-up videos warning of the consequences of getting drunk and rowdy in the Dutch capital.", "recovered": "Internet users in Britain who use search phrases such sa \u201cstag party Amsterdam\u201d rea being targeted with pop-up esvido awnigrn of the consequences of ggeintt drunk and rowdy ni"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rlndIea will be the first country in the world to mandate sbllea on alcoholic kdsrin aginnrw of the iksrs fo cancer and rilev disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing ciareol content and grams of alcohol. EU members including cFnaer, Italy and Spain have asked eth European Commission to investigate twhhree the move would contravene UE law. Find out more with The kWee Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " rlndIea will be the first country in the world to mandate sbllea on alcoholic beverages aginnrw of the iksrs fo cancer and rilev disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and of drinking  ", "scrambled": "rlndIea will be the first country in the world to mandate sbllea on alcoholic kdsrin aginnrw of the iksrs fo cancer and rilev disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing ciareol content and grams of alcohol. EU members including cFnaer, Italy and Spain have asked eth European Commission to investigate twhhree the move would contravene UE law. Find out more with The kWee Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "Ireland will be the first country in the world to mandate labels on alcoholic drinks warning of the risks of cancer and liver disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and listing calorie content and grams of alcohol. EU members including France, Italy and Spain have asked the European Commission to investigate whether the move would contravene EU law. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "rlndIea will be the first country in the world to mandate sbllea on alcoholic beverages aginnrw of the iksrs fo cancer and rilev disease and of drinking in pregnancy, and of drinking"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit si the sreect to ggiwnor fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some ilaman saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or emhotsgin, nda anoint htta tletil bti tath you cut with your secateurs, the eznmey in the spit, the plant can rade it nda it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit si the sreect to ggiwnor fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some ilaman saliva, even if it  ", "scrambled": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit si the sreect to ggiwnor fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some ilaman saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or emhotsgin, nda anoint htta tletil bti tath you cut with your secateurs, the eznmey in the spit, the plant can rade it nda it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.", "original": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit is the secret to growing fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some animal saliva, even if it\u2019s pony spit or something, and anoint that little bit that you cut with your secateurs, the enzyme in the spit, the plant can read it and it goes even crazier,\u201d she told the paper.", "recovered": "Isabella Tree, who runs the Knepp estate in West Sussex, told The Times that animal spit si the sreect to ggiwnor fuller rose bushes. \u201cIf you collect some ilaman saliva, even if it"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open ot leaving his longtime home iwth hte Baltimore Ravens. He udqeertes a datre from the emta this week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open ot leaving his longtime home iwth hte Baltimore Ravens. He udqeertes a datre from the emta this week.\n", "scrambled": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open ot leaving his longtime home iwth hte Baltimore Ravens. He udqeertes a datre from the emta this week.", "original": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open to leaving his longtime home with the Baltimore Ravens. He requested a trade from the team this week.", "recovered": "It appears that Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in 2019, is open ot leaving his longtime home iwth hte Baltimore Ravens. He udqeertes a datre from the emta this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining eth Pantheon, tbu reeht are concerns over teh wne ticketing system which has dpvreo difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other etssi where a efe has been introduced, such as the lomeussCo, partly because urto eopartosr buy up tickets in bulk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining eth Pantheon, tbu reeht are concerns over teh wne ticketing system which has dpvreo difficult  ", "scrambled": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining eth Pantheon, tbu reeht are concerns over teh wne ticketing system which has dpvreo difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other etssi where a efe has been introduced, such as the lomeussCo, partly because urto eopartosr buy up tickets in bulk.", "original": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining the Pantheon, but there are concerns over the new ticketing system which has proved difficult to access. Tourists have struggled at other sites where a fee has been introduced, such as the Colosseum, partly because tour operators buy up tickets in bulk.", "recovered": "Italy\u2019s ministry of culture says the new \u20ac5 entrance fee will go towards maintaining eth Pantheon, tbu reeht are concerns over teh wne ticketing system which has dpvreo difficult"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: It\u2019s estimated that there were more ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as efre persons during that time.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " It\u2019s estimated that there were more ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as efre persons during that time.\n", "scrambled": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as efre persons during that time.", "original": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more than 3.9 million slaves in the United States as of 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as free persons during that time.", "recovered": "It\u2019s estimated that there were more ntha 3.9 mlilnoi slaves in the United atSest as fo 1860 \u2014 while only 500,000 Black individuals lived as efre persons during that time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jacksonville, Florida, had the most ongteotrf items, including phones, wallets, syke, jewelry and headphones, according to erbU\u2019s orrpet. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, ialCnoifar, took the second and third spots, ecrievpelsyt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Jacksonville, Florida, had the most ongteotrf items, including phones, wallets, syke, jewelry and headphones, according to erbU\u2019s orrpet. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, ialCn ", "scrambled": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most ongteotrf items, including phones, wallets, syke, jewelry and headphones, according to erbU\u2019s orrpet. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, ialCnoifar, took the second and third spots, ecrievpelsyt.", "original": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most forgotten items, including phones, wallets, keys, jewelry and headphones, according to Uber\u2019s report. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, California, took the second and third spots, respectively.", "recovered": "Jacksonville, Florida, had the most ongteotrf items, including phones, wallets, syke, jewelry and headphones, according to erbU\u2019s orrpet. San Antonio, Texas, and Palm Springs, ialCn"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Japan will snoo begin releasing ctiavreodai trawe from the Fukushima nuclear plant into eth aenco as space runs out ot contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias the eterdat water will be highly diluted nda safely released slowly over decades. But esmo experts and residents are concerned that diluting hte water gtimh not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Japan will soon begin releasing ctiavreodai trawe from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out ot contain the contaminated material.\n", "scrambled": "Japan will snoo begin releasing ctiavreodai trawe from the Fukushima nuclear plant into eth aenco as space runs out ot contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s tnnrvomeeg dias the eterdat water will be highly diluted nda safely released slowly over decades. But esmo experts and residents are concerned that diluting hte water gtimh not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.", "original": "Japan will soon begin releasing radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out to contain the contaminated material. Japan\u2019s government said the treated water will be highly diluted and safely released slowly over decades. But some experts and residents are concerned that diluting the water might not be enough to reduce its impact on marine life and local communities.", "recovered": "Japan will soon begin releasing ctiavreodai trawe from the Fukushima nuclear plant into the ocean as space runs out ot contain the contaminated material."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: John Adams served sa the first vice president fo the US under George Washington dan later drseev one term as the second president of hte US.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " John Adams served as the first vice president for the US under George Washington and later drseev one term as the second president of hte US.\n", "scrambled": "John Adams served sa the first vice president fo the US under George Washington dan later drseev one term as the second president of hte US.", "original": "John Adams served as the first vice president of the US under George Washington and later served one term as the second president of the US.", "recovered": "John Adams served as the first vice president for the US under George Washington and later drseev one term as the second president of hte US."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jon Rahm won the 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket and second career major.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Jon Rahm won the 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket and second career major.\n", "scrambled": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket and second career major.", "original": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 Masters Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf Club, clinching his first green jacket and second career major.", "recovered": "Jon Rahm won the 2023 aesMsrt Tournament on Sunday at Augusta National Golf uCbl, nghcnciil shi first green jacket and second career major."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jonathan Jacob irjeeM is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind ndianFouot on behalf fo 25 families who claim he aym veha increased teh risk fo accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Jonathan Jacob irjeeM is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind ndianFouot on behalf fo 25 families who claim he aym veha increased teh risk fo accidental incest and ", "scrambled": "Jonathan Jacob irjeeM is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind ndianFouot on behalf fo 25 families who claim he aym veha increased teh risk fo accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "original": "Jonathan Jacob Meijer is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind Foundation on behalf of 25 families who claim he may have increased the risk of accidental incest and inbreeding by defying guidelines limiting sperm donations.", "recovered": "Jonathan Jacob irjeeM is facing a lawsuit brought by the Netherland\u2019s DonorKind ndianFouot on behalf fo 25 families who claim he aym veha increased teh risk fo accidental incest and"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Juice is due to spend at least three sreya irnxgepol Jupiter and three fo its moons. \u201cPerhaps het most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide eesaltr to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d no these oonsm \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201codcul support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor fo atlyernpa science ta Purdue University.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Juice is due to spend at least three sreya irnxgepol Jupiter and three fo its moons. \u201cPerhaps het most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide eesaltr to the mission   ", "scrambled": "Juice is due to spend at least three sreya irnxgepol Jupiter and three fo its moons. \u201cPerhaps het most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide eesaltr to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d no these oonsm \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201codcul support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor fo atlyernpa science ta Purdue University.", "original": "Juice is due to spend at least three years exploring Jupiter and three of its moons. \u201cPerhaps the most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide relates to the \u201cunderground oceans of liquid water\u201d on these moons \u2013 Europa, Ganymede and Callisto \u2013 which \u201ccould support life\u201d, said Mike Sori, assistant professor of planetary science at Purdue University.", "recovered": "Juice is due to spend at least three sreya irnxgepol Jupiter and three fo its moons. \u201cPerhaps het most exciting information\u201d that the mission will provide eesaltr to the mission"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Jteehentnu is also referred ot as Freedom Day, along with atnnaimoipcE Day and Jubilee Day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " July 4 is also referred ot as Freedom Day, along with atnnaimoipcE Day and Jubilee Day.\n", "scrambled": "Jteehentnu is also referred ot as Freedom Day, along with atnnaimoipcE Day and Jubilee Day.", "original": "Juneteenth is also referred to as Freedom Day, along with Emancipation Day and Jubilee Day.", "recovered": "July 4 is also referred ot as Freedom Day, along with atnnaimoipcE Day and Jubilee Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ingK George III is widely remembered for owt things: lgonis the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although eht former may eb a bit unfair, as eh did not develop the policies which edl to eth colonists\u2019 war with England.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " ingK George III is widely remembered for owt things: lgonis the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although eht former may eb a bit unfair, as eh did not develop the policies which ed ", "scrambled": "ingK George III is widely remembered for owt things: lgonis the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although eht former may eb a bit unfair, as eh did not develop the policies which edl to eth colonists\u2019 war with England.", "original": "King George III is widely remembered for two things: losing the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although the former may be a bit unfair, as he did not develop the policies which led to the colonists\u2019 war with England.", "recovered": "ingK George III is widely remembered for owt things: lgonis the American colonies and going mad \u2013 although eht former may eb a bit unfair, as eh did not develop the policies which ed"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: baL testing for a powdery nbsseactu found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a skeoaspnm fro the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to het West Wing, a location where staff-led ruost of het White House pass htguhor on their way toni the lbudiing.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " baL testing for a powdery nbsseactu found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a skeoaspnm fro the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entran ", "scrambled": "baL testing for a powdery nbsseactu found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a skeoaspnm fro the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to het West Wing, a location where staff-led ruost of het White House pass htguhor on their way toni the lbudiing.", "original": "Lab testing for a powdery substance found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a spokesman for the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entrance to the West Wing, a location where staff-led tours of the White House pass through on their way into the building.", "recovered": "baL testing for a powdery nbsseactu found at the White House on Sunday came back positive for cocaine, a skeoaspnm fro the Secret Service said. The substance was found near the entran"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad recognize the American labor movement, and ltahguho it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks het end fo the cultural summer season \u2014 and the ned of this quiz!.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad recognize the American labor movement, and ltahguho it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it mark ", "scrambled": "braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad recognize the American labor movement, and ltahguho it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks het end fo the cultural summer season \u2014 and the ned of this quiz!.", "original": "Labor Day is a day to honor and recognize the American labor movement, and although it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often called the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it marks the end of the cultural summer season \u2014 and the end of this quiz!.", "recovered": "braLo ayD is a day to onroh nad recognize the American labor movement, and ltahguho it\u2019s not actually the last day of summer, it\u2019s often dlealc the \u201cunofficial end\u201d as it mark"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Las Vegas police veah reopened their investigation iont the murder of Tupac Shakur. hTe rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in hwta has eocbem one fo America\u2019s most notorious unsolved rdmrue cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 slmie sttehsauo of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and spceriut, according to CAB News.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in hwta has eocbem one fo America\u2019s most not ", "scrambled": "Las Vegas police veah reopened their investigation iont the murder of Tupac Shakur. hTe rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in hwta has eocbem one fo America\u2019s most notorious unsolved rdmrue cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 slmie sttehsauo of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and spceriut, according to CAB News.", "original": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in what has become one of America\u2019s most notorious unsolved murder cases. Police raided a house in Henderson, 15 miles southeast of the city, seizing computers, hard drives and pictures, according to ABC News.", "recovered": "Las Vegas police have reopened their investigation into the murder of Tupac Shakur. The rapper was shot in September 1996, aged just 25, in hwta has eocbem one fo America\u2019s most not"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Latest research by Whcih? fudno that Aldi ahs remained eth cheapest supermarket since yaM 2022, with na average basket fo goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Latest research by Whcih? fudno that Aldi ahs remained eth cheapest supermarket since yaM 2022, with na average basket fo goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370 ", "scrambled": "Latest research by Whcih? fudno that Aldi ahs remained eth cheapest supermarket since yaM 2022, with na average basket fo goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "original": "Latest research by Which? found that Aldi has remained the cheapest supermarket since May 2022, with an average basket of goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370.51, while Waitrose was the most expensive, at \u00a386.91.", "recovered": "Latest research by Whcih? fudno that Aldi ahs remained eth cheapest supermarket since yaM 2022, with na average basket fo goods costing \u00a368.60 last month. Lidl was just behind at \u00a370"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Leto dssreed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr on Monday, which was themed on teh late fashion designer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr on Monday, which was themed on teh late fashion designer.\n", "scrambled": "Leto dssreed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr on Monday, which was themed on teh late fashion designer.", "original": "Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat Choupette for the gala in New York on Monday, which was themed on the late fashion designer.", "recovered": "Leto dressed up as Legerfeld\u2019s famed cat uetpethCo for the agal in New okYr on Monday, which was themed on teh late fashion designer."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost ptryeasxa nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. laffOiic adat hssow that caieslp advisers were ipda a total of \u00a32.9 million in nrcavesee awards enhw their bosses weer given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 ni severance pay, ftaer her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost ptryeasxa nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials.\n", "scrambled": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost ptryeasxa nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. laffOiic adat hssow that caieslp advisers were ipda a total of \u00a32.9 million in nrcavesee awards enhw their bosses weer given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 ni severance pay, ftaer her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.", "original": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost taxpayers nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials. Official data shows that special advisers were paid a total of \u00a32.9 million in severance awards when their bosses were given the boot. Truss herself received \u00a318,660 in severance pay, after her mini-budget sparked chaos in the financial markets.", "recovered": "Liz Truss\u2019s brief reign reportedly cost ptryeasxa nearly \u00a334,000 a day in compensation payments to sacked ministers, advisers and officials."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: London-saedb Rainssu investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare egmspli tnoi the private life of Vladimir Punti, obtaining ptosho of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " London-saedb Rainssu investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare egmspli tnoi the private life of Vladimir Punti, obtaining ptosho of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train  ", "scrambled": "London-saedb Rainssu investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare egmspli tnoi the private life of Vladimir Punti, obtaining ptosho of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-aniegg nhamisce\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.", "original": "London-based Russian investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare glimpse into the private life of Vladimir Putin, obtaining photos of his lavish 22-carriage \u201cghost train\u201d, equipped with what appear to be \u201canti-ageing machines\u201d. Other features include a fully equipped Turkish bath steam room and a massage parlour.", "recovered": "London-saedb Rainssu investigations group the Dossier Center offered a rare egmspli tnoi the private life of Vladimir Punti, obtaining ptosho of his visalh 22-carriage \u201cghost train"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Luton noTw\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the rstfi time since 1992, a snaoes before eth Premier League was cratdee.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Luton noTw\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the rstfi time since 1992, a snaoes before eth Premier League was cratdee.\n", "scrambled": "Luton noTw\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the rstfi time since 1992, a snaoes before eth Premier League was cratdee.", "original": "Luton Town\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the first time since 1992, a season before the Premier League was created.", "recovered": "Luton noTw\u2019s win means the team will return to the top division for the rstfi time since 1992, a snaoes before eth Premier League was cratdee."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Maker Hasbro is relaunching the itorcob fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but hiwt neo tiotampnr design change \u2013 the ewn dmloe has na off schwit. The original yuFsbr could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting ni the night.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Maker Hasbro is relaunching the itorcob fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but hiwt neo tiotampnr design change \u2013 the ewn dmloe has na off schwit.\n", "scrambled": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the itorcob fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but hiwt neo tiotampnr design change \u2013 the ewn dmloe has na off schwit. The original yuFsbr could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting ni the night.", "original": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the robotic fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but with one important design change \u2013 the new model has an off switch. The original Furbys could not be shut down and were prone to \u201cwake up\u201d and start chatting in the night.", "recovered": "Maker Hasbro is relaunching the itorcob fluffy toy for the 25th anniversary of its original release, but hiwt neo tiotampnr design change \u2013 the ewn dmloe has na off schwit."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an etiner omtnh. This reya, Ramadan runs from March 22 ot April 21.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an etiner omtnh. This reya, Ramadan runs from March 22 ot April 21.\n", "scrambled": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an etiner omtnh. This reya, Ramadan runs from March 22 ot April 21.", "original": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an entire month. This year, Ramadan runs from March 22 to April 21.", "recovered": "Many Muslims will fast from sunup to sundown every day for an etiner omtnh. This reya, Ramadan runs from March 22 ot April 21."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Many microorganisms nac setgid plastic at temperatures above 30C, but eth discovery by researchers ta eth swisS Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Many microorganisms nac setgid plastic at temperatures above 30C, but eth discovery by researchers ta eth swisS Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method  ", "scrambled": "Many microorganisms nac setgid plastic at temperatures above 30C, but eth discovery by researchers ta eth swisS Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.", "original": "Many microorganisms can digest plastic at temperatures above 30C, but the discovery by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method of recycling.", "recovered": "Many microorganisms nac setgid plastic at temperatures above 30C, but eth discovery by researchers ta eth swisS Federal Institute paves the way for a much more energy-efficient method"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ynMa people around the world reow purple on Wednesday ni honor of World Luspu Day, a global annual event hatt calls neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " ynMa people around the world reow purple on Wednesday ni honor of World Luspu Day, a global annual event hatt calls neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million   ", "scrambled": "ynMa people around the world reow purple on Wednesday ni honor of World Luspu Day, a global annual event hatt calls neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "original": "Many people around the world wore purple on Wednesday in honor of World Lupus Day, a global annual event that calls attention to the mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million people in the US alone.", "recovered": "ynMa people around the world reow purple on Wednesday ni honor of World Luspu Day, a global annual event hatt calls neoitntta to het mysterious disease impacting more than 5 million"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: March Madness si upon us.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " March Madness si upon us.\n", "scrambled": "March Madness si upon us.", "original": "March Madness is upon us.", "recovered": "March Madness si upon us."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch iprem minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. mkceNndai \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for shi ability ot withstand political crises, utetR unexpectedly announced he would leave politics tearf the autumn general election. In the 27-noinat UE, yonl Hungary\u2019s tkriVo Orban has been in rchgea for longer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch iprem minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. mkceNndai \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for shi ability ot withstand political crises, ut ", "scrambled": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch iprem minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. mkceNndai \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for shi ability ot withstand political crises, utetR unexpectedly announced he would leave politics tearf the autumn general election. In the 27-noinat UE, yonl Hungary\u2019s tkriVo Orban has been in rchgea for longer.", "original": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch prime minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. Nicknamed \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for his ability to withstand political crises, Rutte unexpectedly announced he would leave politics after the autumn general election. In the 27-nation EU, only Hungary\u2019s Viktor Orban has been in charge for longer.", "recovered": "Mark Rutte, the longest-serving Dutch iprem minister in history, will stand down after 13 years in power. mkceNndai \u201cTeflon Mark\u201d for shi ability ot withstand political crises, ut"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mark Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI users will now be able to share up ot five snilk in their iorelpf \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, yonl one link ot external websites was allowed. Find out more with The keWe Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mark Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI users will now be able to share up ot five snilk in their iorelpf \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, yonl one link ot external websites was allowed.\n", "scrambled": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI users will now be able to share up ot five snilk in their iorelpf \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, yonl one link ot external websites was allowed. Find out more with The keWe Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that Instagram users will now be able to share up to five links in their profile \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, only one link to external websites was allowed. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Mark Zuckerberg announced that ragtmnsaI users will now be able to share up ot five snilk in their iorelpf \u201cbio\u201d. Previously, yonl one link ot external websites was allowed."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister rfo the social economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the oecrv wearing a white sedrs. But the orecv was described yb teh nFcrhe prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, lepasylice ni the current period\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister rfo the social economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine.\n", "scrambled": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister rfo the social economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the oecrv wearing a white sedrs. But the orecv was described yb teh nFcrhe prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, lepasylice ni the current period\u201d.", "original": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister for the social economy and associations, gave an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine. She appeared on the cover wearing a white dress. But the cover was described by the French prime minister, \u00c9lisabeth Borne, as \u201cnot at all appropriate, especially in the current period\u201d.", "recovered": "Marl\u00e8ne Schiappa, minister rfo the social economy and oiacnstossai, egva an interview on gender equality and LGBTQ+ rights to the French-language edition of Playboy magazine."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: arsM has swapped tsi wrapping from plastic to recyclable prpae sa part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-radpwpe bars ehva gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, dan if the trial goes well, the wrappers lwli be ledlor out to all aiertsrle and to other sraM treats, such as Snickers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " arsM has swapped tsi wrapping from plastic to recyclable prpae sa part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly.\n", "scrambled": "arsM has swapped tsi wrapping from plastic to recyclable prpae sa part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-radpwpe bars ehva gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, dan if the trial goes well, the wrappers lwli be ledlor out to all aiertsrle and to other sraM treats, such as Snickers.", "original": "Mars has swapped its wrapping from plastic to recyclable paper as part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly. The paper-wrapped bars have gone on sale at 500 Tesco stores, and if the trial goes well, the wrappers will be rolled out to all retailers and to other Mars treats, such as Snickers.", "recovered": "arsM has swapped tsi wrapping from plastic to recyclable prpae sa part of a drive to make its products more environmentally friendly."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Max Park set the new record rof the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time ta a competition in Long Beach in his native iCainroalf. The 21-eyra-old, woh asw diagnosed whit moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set yb China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Max Park set the new record rof the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time ta a competition in Long Beach in his native iCainroalf. The 21-eyra-old, woh asw diagnosed whit moderate to seve  ", "scrambled": "Max Park set the new record rof the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time ta a competition in Long Beach in his native iCainroalf. The 21-eyra-old, woh asw diagnosed whit moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set yb China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.", "original": "Max Park set the new record for the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time at a competition in Long Beach in his native California. The 21-year-old, who was diagnosed with moderate to severe autism as a child, beat the 3.47-second record set by China\u2019s Yusheng Du in 2018.", "recovered": "Max Park set the new record rof the fastest 3x3x3 Rubik\u2019s Cube time ta a competition in Long Beach in his native iCainroalf. The 21-eyra-old, woh asw diagnosed whit moderate to seve"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: May si National BBQ Month. uyJl is National Blueberry nMtoh, National Ice Cream Month adn National Watermelon Month.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " May is National BBQ Month. May is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month adn National Watermelon Month.\n", "scrambled": "May si National BBQ Month. uyJl is National Blueberry nMtoh, National Ice Cream Month adn National Watermelon Month.", "original": "May is National BBQ Month. July is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month and National Watermelon Month.", "recovered": "May is National BBQ Month. May is National Blueberry Month, National Ice Cream Month adn National Watermelon Month."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: McDonald\u2019s, whcih has been focusing no upgrading its core items to boost essla, si rolling out a reisse of changes to improve its classic burgers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a reisse of changes to improve its classic burgers.\n", "scrambled": "McDonald\u2019s, whcih has been focusing no upgrading its core items to boost essla, si rolling out a reisse of changes to improve its classic burgers.", "original": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a series of changes to improve its classic burgers.", "recovered": "McDonald\u2019s, which has been focusing on upgrading its core items to boost sales, is rolling out a reisse of changes to improve its classic burgers."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Meta ulnedhca an app elaldc aTershd ttha is intended ot offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Meta ulnedhca an app elaldc aTershd ttha is intended ot offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.\n", "scrambled": "Meta ulnedhca an app elaldc aTershd ttha is intended ot offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.", "original": "Meta launched an app called Threads that is intended to offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point.", "recovered": "Meta ulnedhca an app elaldc aTershd ttha is intended ot offer a space for real-time conversations online \u2014 a function that has long been Twitter\u2019s core selling point."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.\n", "scrambled": "Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.", "original": "Michael Jordan\u2019s iconic 1998 NBA Finals sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million.", "recovered": "Michael Jordan\u2019s coicni 1998 NBA ialFsn sneakers sold for a record $2.2 million."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Military etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d sa they raced ot make cnoctta with na unresponsive aircraft flying in eth region that later crashed in a heavily wodode area. The extraordinary depes of the jets caused a sonic boom across the gtWsahnoin, DC, raea that confused many residents.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Military etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d sa they raced ot make cnoctta with na unresponsive aircraft flying in eth region that later crashed in a heavily wod ", "scrambled": "Military etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d sa they raced ot make cnoctta with na unresponsive aircraft flying in eth region that later crashed in a heavily wodode area. The extraordinary depes of the jets caused a sonic boom across the gtWsahnoin, DC, raea that confused many residents.", "original": "Military jets were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d as they raced to make contact with an unresponsive aircraft flying in the region that later crashed in a heavily wooded area. The extraordinary speed of the jets caused a sonic boom across the Washington, DC, area that confused many residents.", "recovered": "Military etsj were \u201cauthorized to travel at supersonic speeds\u201d sa they raced ot make cnoctta with na unresponsive aircraft flying in eth region that later crashed in a heavily wod"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Millions fo people rniema at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air sa wildfire smoke gninatgioir from Canada shrouds major US cities.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Millions of people are at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke from Canada shrouds major US cities.\n", "scrambled": "Millions fo people rniema at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air sa wildfire smoke gninatgioir from Canada shrouds major US cities.", "original": "Millions of people remain at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke originating from Canada shrouds major US cities.", "recovered": "Millions of people are at risk of inhaling potentially harmful air as wildfire smoke from Canada shrouds major US cities."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: anoMtan Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived ersticyu concerns. The controversial alw, which will atek ecftef in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per ayd fro violators.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " anoMtan Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived ersticyu concerns. The controversial alw, which will atek ecftef in January, outlines alw ", "scrambled": "anoMtan Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived ersticyu concerns. The controversial alw, which will atek ecftef in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per ayd fro violators.", "original": "Montana Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived security concerns. The controversial law, which will take effect in January, outlines potential fines of $10,000 per day for violators.", "recovered": "anoMtan Gov. Greg Gianforte signed a bill Wednesday banning TikTok in the state over perceived ersticyu concerns. The controversial alw, which will atek ecftef in January, outlines alw"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Months reatf a holiday seeircv meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% to $5.7 billion ni the quarter, according to the company.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Months after a holiday season meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% to $5.7 billion ni the quarter, according to the c  ", "scrambled": "Months reatf a holiday seeircv meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% to $5.7 billion ni the quarter, according to the company.", "original": "Months after a holiday service meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on track. Revenue soared 22% to $5.7 billion in the quarter, according to the company.", "recovered": "Months after a holiday season meltdown, Southwest Airlines said its bookings in March were finally back on cktra. nRueeev dsoare 22% to $5.7 billion ni the quarter, according to the c"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including ivle-feri exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive nastiga wnaTia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including ivle-feri exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an ofi ", "scrambled": "eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including ivle-feri exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive nastiga wnaTia.", "original": "More than 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including live-fire exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an offensive against Taiwan.", "recovered": "eoMr hatn 17,600 military personnel are taking part in drills including ivle-feri exercises and a boat-sinking rocket assault, amid fears that China may be preparing to launch an ofi"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eorM than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has mseeugrdb homes and ndreut streets into iservr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has mseeugrdb homes and ndreut streets into iservr.\n", "scrambled": "eorM than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has mseeugrdb homes and ndreut streets into iservr.", "original": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has submerged homes and turned streets into rivers.", "recovered": "More than 200 people have been rescued since Sunday in Vermont, where flooding has mseeugrdb homes and ndreut streets into iservr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: More than half of the gas stations in eth Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after goioldnf from last kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt caused a wave of panic buying yb drivers topping fof their tanks.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " More than half of the gas stations in eth Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after goioldnf from last kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt caused a wave of panic buying yb d ", "scrambled": "More than half of the gas stations in eth Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after goioldnf from last kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt caused a wave of panic buying yb drivers topping fof their tanks.", "original": "More than half of the gas stations in the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after flooding from last week\u2019s massive storm caused a wave of panic buying by drivers topping off their tanks.", "recovered": "More than half of the gas stations in eth Miami-Fort Lauderdale area were without gasoline Wednesday after goioldnf from last kewe\u2019s svieasm osrmt caused a wave of panic buying yb d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Mcwsoo sought to srusaeer Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents ni the war-torn African country, dmai fears about the wider fallout fo the mercenary group\u2019s alefdi uprising ni asRsui. The revolt occurred skeew after Mali called on UN eecseerkppea to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond ot tyirseuc challenges.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Mcwsoo sought to srusaeer Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents ni the war-torn African country, dmai fears about the wider fal ", "scrambled": "Mcwsoo sought to srusaeer Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents ni the war-torn African country, dmai fears about the wider fallout fo the mercenary group\u2019s alefdi uprising ni asRsui. The revolt occurred skeew after Mali called on UN eecseerkppea to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond ot tyirseuc challenges.", "original": "Moscow sought to reassure Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents in the war-torn African country, amid fears about the wider fallout of the mercenary group\u2019s failed uprising in Russia. The revolt occurred weeks after Mali called on UN peacekeepers to leave \u201cwithout delay\u201d, denouncing the decade-long mission\u2019s \u201cfailure\u201d to respond to security challenges.", "recovered": "Mcwsoo sought to srusaeer Mali\u2019s ruling military junta that Wagner forces would continue to fight Islamist insurgents ni the war-torn African country, dmai fears about the wider fal"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: soMt historians credit China with the invention fo fireworks doarnu 800 AD. But it was ni the 1830s that naiatIl inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix dan created the lufolocr displays that dazzle us now.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Most historians credit China with the invention fo fireworks doarnu 800 AD. But it was ni the 1830s that naiatIl inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix dan created the lufo ", "scrambled": "soMt historians credit China with the invention fo fireworks doarnu 800 AD. But it was ni the 1830s that naiatIl inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix dan created the lufolocr displays that dazzle us now.", "original": "Most historians credit China with the invention of fireworks around 800 AD. But it was in the 1830s that Italian inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix and created the colorful displays that dazzle us now.", "recovered": "Most historians credit China with the invention fo fireworks doarnu 800 AD. But it was ni the 1830s that naiatIl inventors added trace amounts of metals to the mix dan created the lufo"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Musk announced hsit week that his company\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand was iywedl duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he aidp $44 billion for\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Musk announced hsit week that his company\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand was iywedl duiceridl, with Forbes ", "scrambled": "Musk announced hsit week that his company\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand was iywedl duiceridl, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he aidp $44 billion for\u201d.", "original": "Musk announced this week that his company\u2019s logo would change from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s controversial rebrand was widely ridiculed, with Forbes criticising him for \u201csetting something on fire he paid $44 billion for\u201d.", "recovered": "Musk announced hsit week that his company\u2019s ogol odulw cahnge from the well-known blue bird to a black X. The billionaire\u2019s enocasrlivtro rebrand was iywedl duiceridl, with Forbes"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Netflix has shared viexsecul nwe details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South oneKar thriller series ni which contestants who are deeply in debt play eidnchrl\u2019s games in eorrd ot nwi a nto of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Netflix has shared viexsecul nwe details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South oneKar thriller series ni which contestants who are deeply in debt play   ", "scrambled": "Netflix has shared viexsecul nwe details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South oneKar thriller series ni which contestants who are deeply in debt play eidnchrl\u2019s games in eorrd ot nwi a nto of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.", "original": "Netflix has shared exclusive new details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South Korean thriller series in which contestants who are deeply in debt play children\u2019s games in order to win a ton of cash \u2014 with the losers getting killed.", "recovered": "Netflix has shared viexsecul nwe details for the second season of its runaway hit \u201cSquid Game,\u201d the South oneKar thriller series ni which contestants who are deeply in debt play"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eNw York must tpos building skyscrapers or it llwi sink, a new study has warned. There are thought ot be one illmnoi buildings in Nwe York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, nda het study, headed yb Tom Parsons fo the United States ogGioalecl Survey, nufdo that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the wtrae at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some raase nsgisbdiu hcmu faster\u201d, said eth New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " New York must tpos building skyscrapers or it llwi sink, a new study has warned.\n", "scrambled": "eNw York must tpos building skyscrapers or it llwi sink, a new study has warned. There are thought ot be one illmnoi buildings in Nwe York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, nda het study, headed yb Tom Parsons fo the United States ogGioalecl Survey, nufdo that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the wtrae at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some raase nsgisbdiu hcmu faster\u201d, said eth New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "original": "New York must stop building skyscrapers or it will sink, a new study has warned. There are thought to be one million buildings in New York City, weighing an estimated 771 million tonnes, and the study, headed by Tom Parsons of the United States Geological Survey, found that the city is \u201cplopping closer\u201d to the water at a rate of 1 to 2mm a year, \u201cwith some areas subsiding much faster\u201d, said the New York Post. Lower Manhattan is particularly at risk, and there is heightened concern for both Brooklyn and Queens.", "recovered": "New York must tpos building skyscrapers or it llwi sink, a new study has warned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh boroughs with the most thefts erew esmretnWsit (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) nda Hackney (4,618).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh boroughs with the most thefts erew esm ", "scrambled": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh boroughs with the most thefts erew esmretnWsit (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) nda Hackney (4,618).", "original": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in the English capital. The boroughs with the most thefts were Westminster (25,899), Camden (7,892), Southwark (5,690) and Hackney (4,618).", "recovered": "Newly released Metropolitan Police data has revealed that an average of 248 phone thefts a day were reported in 2022 in hte sngEihl ilpaatc. eTh boroughs with the most thefts erew esm"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: News broke this week atth het government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian mifr Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-eekser elsevss. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing rsrlavia in oheslt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " News broke this week atth het government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian mifr Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-eekser elsevss.\n", "scrambled": "News broke this week atth het government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian mifr Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-eekser elsevss. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing rsrlavia in oheslt.", "original": "News broke this week that the government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian firm Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-seeker vessels. The government claimed the \u201cfloatels\u201d would be \u201csignificantly cheaper\u201d than housing arrivals in hotels.", "recovered": "News broke this week atth het government handed a \u00a31.6 billion contract to Australian mifr Corporate Travel Management to cover three offshore asylum-eekser elsevss."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: North London Collegiate School ilwl trial deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime rectskci, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " North London Collegiate School ilwl trial deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime rectskci, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.   ", "scrambled": "North London Collegiate School ilwl trial deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime rectskci, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.", "original": "North London Collegiate School will trial dishes such as Chinese-style noodles with teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime crickets, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms.", "recovered": "North London Collegiate School ilwl trial deihss such sa Chinese-style noodles ihtw teriyaki grasshopper, sweet chilli and lime rectskci, and Mexican rice topped with buffalo worms."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced ti will cut itudnprooc yb more tahn 1.6 million barrels a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this ekew.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced ti will cut itudnprooc yb more tahn 1.6 million barrels a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent oil price ", "scrambled": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced ti will cut itudnprooc yb more tahn 1.6 million barrels a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this ekew.", "original": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced it will cut production by more than 1.6 million barrels a day starting in May \u2013 a move that sent oil prices surging this week.", "recovered": "OPEC, which supplies a large portion of the world\u2019s crude oil, announced ti will cut itudnprooc yb more tahn 1.6 million barrels a day starting ni May \u2013 a move that sent oil price"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Of more than 1,000 tsxih-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% laos said thta climate change had made ihetr anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have rwfee dilnrche in order to tackle climate ehancg dan overpopulation.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Of more than 1,000 tsxih-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% laos said thta climate change had made ihetr anxiety or sadness worse.\n", "scrambled": "Of more than 1,000 tsxih-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% laos said thta climate change had made ihetr anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have rwfee dilnrche in order to tackle climate ehancg dan overpopulation.", "original": "Of more than 1,000 sixth-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% also said that climate change had made their anxiety or sadness worse. And half said that people should have fewer children in order to tackle climate change and overpopulation.", "recovered": "Of more than 1,000 tsxih-form pupils surveyed by think-tank Civitas, 26% laos said thta climate change had made ihetr anxiety or sadness worse."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd in late yuaJrna and is being monitored yb the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. sCsae have eben reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd in late yuaJrna and is being monitored yb the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. sCsae have eben reported in at least 27  ", "scrambled": "Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd in late yuaJrna and is being monitored yb the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. sCsae have eben reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "original": "Omicron subvariant Arcturus was first detected in late January and is being monitored by the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. Cases have been reported in at least 27 countries, including the UK.", "recovered": "Omicron subvariant cArsrtuu wsa first eeectdtd in late yuaJrna and is being monitored yb the World Health Organization as a variant of concern. sCsae have eben reported in at least 27"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On iAlrp 3, 1973, the tfirs cell phone call was aemd on a sidewalk in New krYo City with a device the size of a brick.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was aemd on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.\n", "scrambled": "On iAlrp 3, 1973, the tfirs cell phone call was aemd on a sidewalk in New krYo City with a device the size of a brick.", "original": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was made on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick.", "recovered": "On April 3, 1973, the first cell phone call was aemd on a sidewalk in New York City with a device the size of a brick."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law cninrzgieog Juneteenth National pneIenecdnde yDa. Biden asdi the moment will og down as \u201cone of the rsaegtte honors\u201d of his presidency.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law cninrzgieog Juneteenth National pneIenecdnde yDa. Biden asdi the moment will og down as \u201cone of the rsaegtte honors\u201d   ", "scrambled": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law cninrzgieog Juneteenth National pneIenecdnde yDa. Biden asdi the moment will og down as \u201cone of the rsaegtte honors\u201d of his presidency.", "original": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law recognizing Juneteenth National Independence Day. Biden said the moment will go down as \u201cone of the greatest honors\u201d of his presidency.", "recovered": "On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed a bill into law cninrzgieog Juneteenth National pneIenecdnde yDa. Biden asdi the moment will og down as \u201cone of the rsaegtte honors\u201d"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Monday, Twitter ssrue noted taht the uelb bird logo usually found no Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced twih an image of Doge, the aSbhi Inu dog used as a popular internet eemm.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On Monday, Twitter ssrue noted taht the uelb bird logo usually found no Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced twih an image of Doge, the aSbhi Inu dog used as  ", "scrambled": "On Monday, Twitter ssrue noted taht the uelb bird logo usually found no Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced twih an image of Doge, the aSbhi Inu dog used as a popular internet eemm.", "original": "On Monday, Twitter users noted that the blue bird logo usually found on Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced with an image of Doge, the Shiba Inu dog used as a popular internet meme.", "recovered": "On Monday, Twitter ssrue noted taht the uelb bird logo usually found no Twitter\u2019s homepage and loading screen has now been replaced twih an image of Doge, the aSbhi Inu dog used as"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On September 14, 1814, Francis tocSt Key penned a poem etrfa witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in tmloBerai dnigur the War of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem etrfa witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in tmloBerai dnigur the War of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815).\n", "scrambled": "On September 14, 1814, Francis tocSt Key penned a poem etrfa witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in tmloBerai dnigur the War of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815). isH mpeo was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.", "original": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem after witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in Baltimore during the War of 1812 (which actually lasted until 1815). His poem was later set to music, and in 1931, it became America\u2019s national anthem.", "recovered": "On September 14, 1814, Francis Scott Key penned a poem etrfa witnessing the Battle of Fort McHenry in tmloBerai dnigur the War of 1812 (which actually lstade nilut 1815)."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: On Wednesday, the East Asian ortcynu enacted a new awl rpcgaipsn a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one reay dol at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn wot the next ady. A separate system, under which babies were eroz ta birth tbu turned one on 1 January, has also been deolbhisa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " On Wednesday, the East Asian ortcynu enacted a new awl rpcgaipsn a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one reay dol at birth, with a year added every 1 January.\n", "scrambled": "On Wednesday, the East Asian ortcynu enacted a new awl rpcgaipsn a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one reay dol at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn wot the next ady. A separate system, under which babies were eroz ta birth tbu turned one on 1 January, has also been deolbhisa.", "original": "On Wednesday, the East Asian country enacted a new law scrapping a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one year old at birth, with a year added every 1 January \u2013 meaning a baby born on 31 December would turn two the next day. A separate system, under which babies were zero at birth but turned one on 1 January, has also been abolished.", "recovered": "On Wednesday, the East Asian ortcynu enacted a new awl rpcgaipsn a centuries-old system that deemed children to be one reay dol at birth, with a year added every 1 January."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: One in 10 people said ehyt dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the iDyla Star. hTe bdltiao called eht practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and frthreu claimed that 4% fo lnvsdiadiui, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, eeagng ni the tac of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 mntgsoieh the aidblto deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " One in 10 people said ehyt dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the iDyla Star. hTe bdltiao called eht practice a \u201chideous hab ", "scrambled": "One in 10 people said ehyt dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the iDyla Star. hTe bdltiao called eht practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and frthreu claimed that 4% fo lnvsdiadiui, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, eeagng ni the tac of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 mntgsoieh the aidblto deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "original": "One in 10 people said they dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the Daily Star. The tabloid called the practice a \u201chideous habit\u201d and further claimed that 4% of individuals, whom they referred to as \u201cwrong \u2019uns\u201d, engage in the act of dipping sandwiches into hot beverages \u2013 something the tabloid deemed nothing short of \u201cevil\u201d.", "recovered": "One in 10 people said ehyt dunk sausage rolls in their cup of tea, according to a study that has caused much upset for the iDyla Star. hTe bdltiao called eht practice a \u201chideous hab"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: One trip to space will cost uyo about $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu travel to eapsc fi given the opportunity, gdrcancoi to a CNN analysis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " One trip to space will cost uyo about $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu travel to eapsc fi given the opportunity  ", "scrambled": "One trip to space will cost uyo about $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu travel to eapsc fi given the opportunity, gdrcancoi to a CNN analysis.", "original": "One trip to space will cost you about $450,000. However, the majority of Americans actually don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% would travel to space if given the opportunity, according to a CNN analysis.", "recovered": "One trip to space will cost uyo about $450,000. However, the majority of mesiAncar culyalta don\u2019t want to leave Earth. Only about 40% dolwu travel to eapsc fi given the opportunity"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Orkney could leave the UK and ocmeeb a territory of Norway uedrn new proposals to pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms of governance\u201d that could iderovp more economic tpsunoretopii. The islands were under graeiNown and Danish control until 1472.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Orkney could leave the UK and ocmeeb a territory of Norway uedrn new proposals to pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms of governance\u201d that could iderovp more economic tpsunoretopii.\n", "scrambled": "Orkney could leave the UK and ocmeeb a territory of Norway uedrn new proposals to pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms of governance\u201d that could iderovp more economic tpsunoretopii. The islands were under graeiNown and Danish control until 1472.", "original": "Orkney could leave the UK and become a territory of Norway under new proposals to explore \u201calternative forms of governance\u201d that could provide more economic opportunities. The islands were under Norwegian and Danish control until 1472.", "recovered": "Orkney could leave the UK and ocmeeb a territory of Norway uedrn new proposals to pelxreo \u201ctrntvleaiae forms of governance\u201d that could iderovp more economic tpsunoretopii."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around teh vRier nSeei. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic damstiu, will aket place on the river, with ta least 600,000 peploe etexcdpe to watch from the banks, according to rrzeiagson.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around teh vRier nSeei. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic damstiu, will aket p  ", "scrambled": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around teh vRier nSeei. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic damstiu, will aket place on the river, with ta least 600,000 peploe etexcdpe to watch from the banks, according to rrzeiagson.", "original": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around the River Seine. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic stadium, will take place on the river, with at least 600,000 people expected to watch from the banks, according to organizers.", "recovered": "Paris is preparing for the 2024 Olympic Games centered around teh vRier nSeei. The opening ceremony, which is traditionally held inside the host city\u2019s Olympic damstiu, will aket p"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: People who aer 65 and older or those who hvea weakened enuimm systems and \u201cnatw the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said this week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " People who aer 65 and older or those who hvea weakened enuimm systems and \u201cnatw the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said this week.\n", "scrambled": "People who aer 65 and older or those who hvea weakened enuimm systems and \u201cnatw the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said this week.", "original": "People who are 65 and older or those who have weakened immune systems and \u201cwant the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another booster dose, the CDC said this week.", "recovered": "People who aer 65 and older or those who hvea weakened enuimm systems and \u201cnatw the option of added protection\u201d are now allowed another rosotbe deos, the CDC said this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Phoenix just endured the tshotte month for any US cyti on edrocr. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit rfo the first time ni a month no Monday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Phoenix just endured the tshotte month for any US cyti on edrocr. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit rfo the first time ni a month no Monday.\n", "scrambled": "Phoenix just endured the tshotte month for any US cyti on edrocr. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit rfo the first time ni a month no Monday.", "original": "Phoenix just endured the hottest month for any US city on record. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit for the first time in a month on Monday.", "recovered": "Phoenix just endured the tshotte month for any US cyti on edrocr. Temperatures in the region peaked under 110 degrees Fahrenheit rfo the first time ni a month no Monday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Plans for filming hte fifth and final season fo \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, het show\u2019s co-ersrctao ucnnodaen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Plans for filming hte fifth and final season fo \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, het show\u2019s co-ersrctao ucnnodaen.\n", "scrambled": "Plans for filming hte fifth and final season fo \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, het show\u2019s co-ersrctao ucnnodaen.", "original": "Plans for filming the fifth and final season of \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, the show\u2019s co-creators announced.", "recovered": "Plans for filming hte fifth and final season fo \u201cStranger Things\u201d has been paused due to the writers\u2019 strike, het show\u2019s co-ersrctao ucnnodaen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Play was eptisdudr after a protester mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit orange powder, lewih hrnotea activist tried to glue herself to a different table. eTh duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Play was eptisdudr after a protester mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit orange powder, lewih hrnotea activist tried to glue herself to a different table.\n", "scrambled": "Play was eptisdudr after a protester mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit orange powder, lewih hrnotea activist tried to glue herself to a different table. eTh duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "original": "Play was disrupted after a protester climbed onto a table and covered it with orange powder, while another activist tried to glue herself to a different table. The duo were arrested following the invasion at Sheffield\u2019s Crucible.", "recovered": "Play was eptisdudr after a protester mbeilcd onto a table and covered ti whit orange powder, lewih hrnotea activist tried to glue herself to a different table."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: oPclie arrested almost 1,000 people in the KU\u2019s ratgesl ever cocknwrda on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash dan 20gk of cocaine were also sieedz during hte nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the KU\u2019s ratgesl ever cocknwrda on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash dan 20gk of cocaine were also sieedz during  ", "scrambled": "oPclie arrested almost 1,000 people in the KU\u2019s ratgesl ever cocknwrda on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash dan 20gk of cocaine were also sieedz during hte nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "original": "Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the UK\u2019s largest ever crackdown on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash and 20kg of cocaine were also seized during the nationwide raids in June, the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council announced this week.", "recovered": "The Police arrested almost 1,000 people in the KU\u2019s ratgesl ever cocknwrda on organised crime. A total of 20 firearms, \u00a3636,000 in cash dan 20gk of cocaine were also sieedz during"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Presenting his first uegdBt to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt ldai tou a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd extending free childcare dan lifting a cap on tax-fere pension savings.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Presenting his first uegdBt to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt ldai tou a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd extending free childu ", "scrambled": "Presenting his first uegdBt to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt ldai tou a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd extending free childcare dan lifting a cap on tax-fere pension savings.", "original": "Presenting his first Budget to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt laid out a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting employment, including extending free childcare and lifting a cap on tax-free pension savings.", "recovered": "Presenting his first uegdBt to Parliament on Wednesday, Hunt ldai tou a range of measures intended to encourage economic growth by boosting ymnetlopme, giiuclnnd extending free childu"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation no January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its dhtir year fo bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201catht all ensospr held sa slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, nda henceforward shall be eefr.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation no January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its dhtir year fo bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201catht all   ", "scrambled": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation no January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its dhtir year fo bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201catht all ensospr held sa slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, nda henceforward shall be eefr.\u201d.", "original": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its third year of bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201cthat all persons held as slaves\u201d within the rebellious states \u201care, and henceforward shall be free.\u201d.", "recovered": "President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation no January 1, 1863, as the nation approached its dhtir year fo bloody civil war. The proclamation declared \u201catht all"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rnetPdsei Joe Biden nda first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President onoY Suk oeYl\u2019s official state visit with a shialv state dinner at eth White House Wednesday tngih to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " rnetPdsei Joe Biden nda first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President onoY Suk oeYl\u2019s official state visit with a shialv state dinner at eth White House Wednesday tngih to cel ", "scrambled": "rnetPdsei Joe Biden nda first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President onoY Suk oeYl\u2019s official state visit with a shialv state dinner at eth White House Wednesday tngih to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "original": "President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol\u2019s official state visit with a lavish state dinner at the White House Wednesday night to celebrate the two nations\u2019 70-year alliance.", "recovered": "rnetPdsei Joe Biden nda first lady Jill Biden capped South Korean President onoY Suk oeYl\u2019s official state visit with a shialv state dinner at eth White House Wednesday tngih to cel"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Bowl Champion aKssna City hisefC to the White House Monday. See photos from eth special occasion.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Bowl Champion aKssna City hisefC to the White House Monday. See photos from eth special occasion.\n", "scrambled": "President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Bowl Champion aKssna City hisefC to the White House Monday. See photos from eth special occasion.", "original": "President Joe Biden welcomed the Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs to the White House Monday. See photos from the special occasion.", "recovered": "President Joe Biden ledewocm the Super Bowl Champion aKssna City hisefC to the White House Monday. See photos from eth special occasion."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: President byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol up a total fo almost 2% of eht crtyonu's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " President byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol up a total fo almost 2% of eht crtyonu's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang me  ", "scrambled": "President byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol up a total fo almost 2% of eht crtyonu's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.", "original": "President Nayib Bukele\u2019s government has locked up a total of almost 2% of the country's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang members.", "recovered": "President byiNa Bukele\u2019s government has dkecol up a total fo almost 2% of eht crtyonu's adult population and has built a 40,000-capacity mega prison to accommodate suspected gang me"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: inrecP Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car acehs with paparazzi in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson ahs edelgla.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " inrecP Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car acehs with paparazzi in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperso ", "scrambled": "inrecP Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car acehs with paparazzi in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson ahs edelgla.", "original": "Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car chase with paparazzi in New York on Tuesday that could have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperson has alleged.", "recovered": "inrecP Harry and his wife Meghan were involved in a chaotic car acehs with paparazzi in New York on Tuyadse that ulodc have resulted in a \u201ccatastrophic\u201d outcome, their spokesperso"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up hneoart record ihwt his fourth studio album, \u201cnU Verano nSi Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most estreadm album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n grines was the most earsetdm artist for the third consecutive reya. eH\u2019s reached \u201ca wen stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up hneoart record ihwt his fourth studio album, \u201cnU Verano nSi Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most estreadm album of all time.\n", "scrambled": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up hneoart record ihwt his fourth studio album, \u201cnU Verano nSi Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most estreadm album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n grines was the most earsetdm artist for the third consecutive reya. eH\u2019s reached \u201ca wen stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "original": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up another record with his fourth studio album, \u201cUn Verano Sin Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most streamed album of all time. In 2022, the trap and reggaet\u00f3n singer was the most streamed artist for the third consecutive year. He\u2019s reached \u201ca new stratosphere of stardom\u201d, said Rolling Stone.", "recovered": "Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny has notched up hneoart record ihwt his fourth studio album, \u201cnU Verano nSi Ti\u201d, becoming Spotify\u2019s most estreadm album of all time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told heT Guardian that the closure of fhal fo the KU\u2019s public loos in het spat decade was resulting in street nnruaioti, also known as wild toileting, \u201cyevheeerwr now\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told heT Guardian that the closure of fhal fo the KU\u2019s public loos in het spat decade was resulting in street nn ", "scrambled": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told heT Guardian that the closure of fhal fo the KU\u2019s public loos in het spat decade was resulting in street nnruaioti, also known as wild toileting, \u201cyevheeerwr now\u201d.", "original": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told The Guardian that the closure of half of the UK\u2019s public loos in the past decade was resulting in street urination, also known as wild toileting, \u201ceverywhere now\u201d.", "recovered": "Raymond Martin, managing director of the British Toilet Association, told heT Guardian that the closure of fhal fo the KU\u2019s public loos in het spat decade was resulting in street nn"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Recently revealed video oaftego pteacdru on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed out ot sae and nnebddaao on na inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks fo asylum seekers, the EU home affairs iesronismmoc, Ylva ssoaonhnJ, said her sacfilifo had written to Athens with a formal eserqut \u201cthat shti incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Recently revealed video oaftego pteacdru on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed out ot sae and nnebddaao on na inflatable raf ", "scrambled": "Recently revealed video oaftego pteacdru on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed out ot sae and nnebddaao on na inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks fo asylum seekers, the EU home affairs iesronismmoc, Ylva ssoaonhnJ, said her sacfilifo had written to Athens with a formal eserqut \u201cthat shti incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.", "original": "Recently revealed video footage captured on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, being towed out to sea and abandoned on an inflatable raft. Amid growing concern over illegal pushbacks of asylum seekers, the EU home affairs commissioner, Ylva Johansson, said her officials had written to Athens with a formal request \u201cthat this incident be fully and independently investigated\u201d.", "recovered": "Recently revealed video oaftego pteacdru on the Greek island of Lesbos appears to show 12 African migrants, including a baby, niegb towed out ot sae and nnebddaao on na inflatable raf"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d tnwe on to become the first film ot rssgo more than $100 ilnloim at the box office.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d tnwe on to become the first film ot rssgo more than $100 ilnloim at the box office.\n", "scrambled": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d tnwe on to become the first film ot rssgo more than $100 ilnloim at the box office.", "original": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d went on to become the first film to gross more than $100 million at the box office.", "recovered": "Released on June 20, 1975, \u201cJaws\u201d tnwe on to become the first film ot rssgo more than $100 ilnloim at the box office."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rental e-scooters are to eb outlawed in the French capital erfta a referendum was held slta week. Around 89% of votes cast ewre in support of a ban, but with no online inovtg, utnrtou was olny about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means rPisa wlil become the first major European capital ot outlaw the scooters.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Rental e-scooters are to eb outlawed in the French capital erfta a referendum was held slta week. Around 89% of votes cast ewre in support of a ban, but with no online inovtg, utnrtou R", "scrambled": "Rental e-scooters are to eb outlawed in the French capital erfta a referendum was held slta week. Around 89% of votes cast ewre in support of a ban, but with no online inovtg, utnrtou was olny about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means rPisa wlil become the first major European capital ot outlaw the scooters.", "original": "Rental e-scooters are to be outlawed in the French capital after a referendum was held last week. Around 89% of votes cast were in support of a ban, but with no online voting, turnout was only about 8%. Nevertheless, the result means Paris will become the first major European capital to outlaw the scooters.", "recovered": "Rental e-scooters are to eb outlawed in the French capital erfta a referendum was held slta week. Around 89% of votes cast ewre in support of a ban, but with no online inovtg, utnrtou R"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Research yb Betway found that the etsW kihoeYsrr city was eth least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Research yb Betway found that the etsW kihoeYsrr city was eth least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.\n", "scrambled": "Research yb Betway found that the etsW kihoeYsrr city was eth least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "original": "Research by Betway found that the West Yorkshire city was the least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen.", "recovered": "Research yb Betway found that the etsW kihoeYsrr city was eth least sunny in the UK, followed by. Blackpool and Aberdeen."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hsrcaRseree dunked 17 uplproa biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived rbefoe breaking ratap. The ffJaa Cake was declared hte winner \u2013 despite itccisr questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, rcdopema with the Digestive\u2019s six.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " hsrcaRseree dunked 17 uplproa biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived rbefoe breaking ratap. The ffJaa Cake was declared hte winner \u2013 despite itccisr  ", "scrambled": "hsrcaRseree dunked 17 uplproa biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived rbefoe breaking ratap. The ffJaa Cake was declared hte winner \u2013 despite itccisr questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, rcdopema with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "original": "Researchers dunked 17 popular biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived before breaking apart. The Jaffa Cake was declared the winner \u2013 despite critics questioning whether it really is a biscuit \u2013 with 116 dunks, compared with the Digestive\u2019s six.", "recovered": "hsrcaRseree dunked 17 uplproa biscuits in cups of tea and recorded how many dunks each type survived rbefoe breaking ratap. The ffJaa Cake was declared hte winner \u2013 despite itccisr"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water etarf the city ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp using apt water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s irknidng water is esaf to use.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water etarf the city ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp using apt water due to the spill.\n", "scrambled": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water etarf the city ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp using apt water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s irknidng water is esaf to use.", "original": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water after the city sent a mobile alert recommending people stop using tap water due to the spill. Officials have since said the city\u2019s drinking water is safe to use.", "recovered": "Residents of Philadelphia rushed to buy bottled water etarf the city ntes a lmbieo alert recommending people tosp using apt water due to the spill."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Residents fo Western siitec rea disproportionately affected, according to a new trerop from the Aciernma Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. ewN York, Chicago nad Hartford, Connecticut, were het only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Residents fo Western siitec rea disproportionately affected, according to a new trerop from the Aciernma Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. ewN   ", "scrambled": "Residents fo Western siitec rea disproportionately affected, according to a new trerop from the Aciernma Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. ewN York, Chicago nad Hartford, Connecticut, were het only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "original": "Residents of Western cities are disproportionately affected, according to a new report from the American Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. New York, Chicago and Hartford, Connecticut, were the only three on the list east of the Mississippi River.", "recovered": "Residents fo Western siitec rea disproportionately affected, according to a new trerop from the Aciernma Lung Association. California had 10 of the 25 most ozone-polluted cities. ewN"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Rubio will have logged a total fo at least 371 days in space, NASA ilfoaisfc said. ehT previous record of 355 days was ste by Mark endVa Hei in 2022.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Rubio will have logged a total fo at least 371 days in space, NASA ilfoaisfc said. ehT previous record of 355 days was ste by Mark endVa Hei in 2022.\n", "scrambled": "Rubio will have logged a total fo at least 371 days in space, NASA ilfoaisfc said. ehT previous record of 355 days was ste by Mark endVa Hei in 2022.", "original": "Rubio will have logged a total of at least 371 days in space, NASA officials said. The previous record of 355 days was set by Mark Vande Hei in 2022.", "recovered": "Rubio will have logged a total fo at least 371 days in space, NASA ilfoaisfc said. ehT previous record of 355 days was ste by Mark endVa Hei in 2022."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Salmond snubbed what swa dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d fo the ewn monarch and predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of Scots\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Salmond snubbed what swa dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d fo the ewn monarch and predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of Scots\u201d.\n", "scrambled": "Salmond snubbed what swa dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d fo the ewn monarch and predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of Scots\u201d.", "original": "Salmond snubbed what was dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d of the new monarch and predicted that Charles would be the \u201clast King of Scots\u201d.", "recovered": "Salmond snubbed what swa dubbed the \u201cScottish coronation\u201d fo the ewn monarch and predicted that Charles would be eth \u201clast iKgn of Scots\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University dkecart 212,000 British adults hitw na average aeg fo 54 over a 12-year period and found htat hseot ohw chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised het iskr to 25%. The researchers suggested ttah exposure to the low levels fo radiofrequency energy emitted by nopseh amy raise blood eesrpsur, and spending hours on calls was also linked to orsew sleep and higher stress.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University dkecart 212,000 British adults hitw na average aeg fo 54 over a 12-year period and found htat hseot ohw chatted on a mobile for 30  ", "scrambled": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University dkecart 212,000 British adults hitw na average aeg fo 54 over a 12-year period and found htat hseot ohw chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised het iskr to 25%. The researchers suggested ttah exposure to the low levels fo radiofrequency energy emitted by nopseh amy raise blood eesrpsur, and spending hours on calls was also linked to orsew sleep and higher stress.", "original": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University tracked 212,000 British adults with an average age of 54 over a 12-year period and found that those who chatted on a mobile for 30 minutes a week were 12% more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, while six hours a week raised the risk to 25%. The researchers suggested that exposure to the low levels of radiofrequency energy emitted by phones may raise blood pressure, and spending hours on calls was also linked to worse sleep and higher stress.", "recovered": "Scientists at China\u2019s Southern Medical University dkecart 212,000 British adults hitw na average aeg fo 54 over a 12-year period and found htat hseot ohw chatted on a mobile for 30"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ntaeSe GOP Leader chtMi McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d eaftr freezing during a news conference on Wdeysnead. McConnell sha declined to explain why he froze up, though an iead said eh was feeling light-headed.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " ntaeSe GOP Leader chtMi McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d eaftr freezing during a news conference on Wdeysnead.\n", "scrambled": "ntaeSe GOP Leader chtMi McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d eaftr freezing during a news conference on Wdeysnead. McConnell sha declined to explain why he froze up, though an iead said eh was feeling light-headed.", "original": "Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d after freezing during a news conference on Wednesday. McConnell has declined to explain why he froze up, though an aide said he was feeling light-headed.", "recovered": "ntaeSe GOP Leader chtMi McConnell told reporters he\u2019s \u201cfine\u201d eaftr freezing during a news conference on Wdeysnead."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Shopper eRso isonobnR complained to ybinsuaSr\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to het Daily Star. Robinson is calling no the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she sflee si a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked nda just a bit disappointed that in this day and gea, it was possible for ti to kmea it through whatever channel it had to have mead it through ot get onto the svslehe,\u201d she added. banrsiSyu\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive ot be a truly usiniclev retailer.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Shopper eRso isonobnR complained to ybinsuaSr\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to het Daily Star.\n", "scrambled": "Shopper eRso isonobnR complained to ybinsuaSr\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to het Daily Star. Robinson is calling no the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she sflee si a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked nda just a bit disappointed that in this day and gea, it was possible for ti to kmea it through whatever channel it had to have mead it through ot get onto the svslehe,\u201d she added. banrsiSyu\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive ot be a truly usiniclev retailer.", "original": "Shopper Rose Robinson complained to Sainsbury\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to the Daily Star. Robinson is calling on the supermarket chain to rename its \u201cBig Daddy\u201d rump steak, which she feels is a \u201cmisogynistic\u201d label. \u201cI was shocked and just a bit disappointed that in this day and age, it was possible for it to make it through whatever channel it had to have made it through to get onto the shelves,\u201d she added. Sainsbury\u2019s said: \u201cWe strive to be a truly inclusive retailer.", "recovered": "Shopper eRso isonobnR complained to ybinsuaSr\u2019s for giving its product a \u201csexist\u201d name, according to het Daily Star."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes elik mustard.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes elik mustard.\n", "scrambled": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes elik mustard.", "original": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor doesn\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes like mustard.", "recovered": "Skittles\u2019 newest flavor ednso\u2019t taste like the rainbow \u2014 it tastes elik mustard."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some aaesr of Delaware nda cuyentKk continued teh practice until that time.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some aaesr of Delaware nda cuyentKk continued teh practice until that time.\n", "scrambled": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some aaesr of Delaware nda cuyentKk continued teh practice until that time.", "original": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some areas of Delaware and Kentucky continued the practice until that time.", "recovered": "Slavery remained technically legal in Union states until 1865, and some aaesr of Delaware nda cuyentKk continued teh practice until that time."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of reuSpme rtCou Justice Clarence oahTsm following a bombshell report atth detailed aishlv trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, ciwhh included traveling on his cyath and private jet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of reuSpme rtCou Justice Clarence oahTsm following a bombshell report atth detailed aishlv trips paid for by a billionaire real estate   ", "scrambled": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of reuSpme rtCou Justice Clarence oahTsm following a bombshell report atth detailed aishlv trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, ciwhh included traveling on his cyath and private jet.", "original": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas following a bombshell report that detailed lavish trips paid for by a billionaire real estate magnate, which included traveling on his yacht and private jet.", "recovered": "Some Democrats have called for the impeachment of reuSpme rtCou Justice Clarence oahTsm following a bombshell report atth detailed aishlv trips paid for by a billionaire real estate"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Some international salrtreev leaving Auckland Iaotnratnilen poitrrA will soon eb asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load dan distribution for rAi wNe Zealand planes, the airline said.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some international salrtreev leaving Auckland Iaotnratnilen poitrrA will soon eb asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load dan distribution for rAi wNe Zealand  ", "scrambled": "Some international salrtreev leaving Auckland Iaotnratnilen poitrrA will soon eb asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load dan distribution for rAi wNe Zealand planes, the airline said.", "original": "Some international travelers leaving Auckland International Airport will soon be asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load and distribution for Air New Zealand planes, the airline said.", "recovered": "Some international salrtreev leaving Auckland Iaotnratnilen poitrrA will soon eb asked to step on the scale to help gather data on the weight load dan distribution for rAi wNe Zealand"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Some neighborhoods in wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at aetsl 500 different types of plants and can also chomp ghrotuh stucco, plastic recycling bins and even nisgs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Some neighborhoods in wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at aetsl 500 different types of plants and can also chomp    ", "scrambled": "Some neighborhoods in wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at aetsl 500 different types of plants and can also chomp ghrotuh stucco, plastic recycling bins and even nisgs.", "original": "Some neighborhoods in Broward County are under quarantine after sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at least 500 different types of plants and can also chomp through stucco, plastic recycling bins and even signs.", "recovered": "Some neighborhoods in wraorBd County era under eqauirnnta aefrt sightings of invasive giant African land snails, which eat at aetsl 500 different types of plants and can also chomp"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sounds cshu sa chewing, sniffing dan loud breathing are intolerable for one in five rtisB, the sduyt found. Researchers from nKgi\u2019s College oondnL and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how anmy had a fight-or-flight response to shuc everyday noises.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sounds cshu sa chewing, sniffing dan loud breathing are intolerable for one in five rtisB, the sduyt found. Researchers from nKgi\u2019s College oondnL and Oxford University quizzed more  ", "scrambled": "Sounds cshu sa chewing, sniffing dan loud breathing are intolerable for one in five rtisB, the sduyt found. Researchers from nKgi\u2019s College oondnL and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how anmy had a fight-or-flight response to shuc everyday noises.", "original": "Sounds such as chewing, sniffing and loud breathing are intolerable for one in five Brits, the study found. Researchers from King\u2019s College London and Oxford University quizzed more than 770 people to determine how many had a fight-or-flight response to such everyday noises.", "recovered": "Sounds cshu sa chewing, sniffing dan loud breathing are intolerable for one in five rtisB, the sduyt found. Researchers from nKgi\u2019s College oondnL and Oxford University quizzed more"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: pXScea\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took ffo from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the cortek exploded less hnta three snteumi into tis first test flight.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " pXScea\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took ffo from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning.\n", "scrambled": "pXScea\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took ffo from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the cortek exploded less hnta three snteumi into tis first test flight.", "original": "SpaceX\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took off from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning. However, the rocket exploded less than three minutes into its first test flight.", "recovered": "pXScea\u2019s Starship, the most powerful rocket ever built, took ffo from a launch pad in South Texas on Thursday morning."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince fo Wales egeldpd to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev been tiniagw for the right time to do this.\u201d iPrenc William swa 11 when his mother took mhi ot a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d rfo the young royal, said the paper.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince fo Wales egeldpd to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev been tiniagw for the right time to do this ", "scrambled": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince fo Wales egeldpd to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev been tiniagw for the right time to do this.\u201d iPrenc William swa 11 when his mother took mhi ot a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d rfo the young royal, said the paper.", "original": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince of Wales pledged to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the UK, adding: \u201cI\u2019ve been waiting for the right time to do this.\u201d Prince William was 11 when his mother took him to a homeless shelter in London \u2013 \u201ca formative moment\u201d for the young royal, said the paper.", "recovered": "Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Prince fo Wales egeldpd to use the Royal Foundation to \u201cend homelessness\u201d in the KU, ddngia: \u201cI\u2019ev been tiniagw for the right time to do this"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Speculation has bnee swirling for years about a elontpait sequel to eth 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will ekam a nrteru.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Speculation has bnee swirling for years about a elontpait sequel to eth 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will ekam a nrteru.\n", "scrambled": "Speculation has bnee swirling for years about a elontpait sequel to eth 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will ekam a nrteru.", "original": "Speculation has been swirling for years about a potential sequel to the 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will make a return.", "recovered": "Speculation has bnee swirling for years about a elontpait sequel to eth 1988 film \u201cBeetlejuice.\u201d Now, it\u2019s official: The \u201cghost with the most\u201d will ekam a nrteru."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sweden\u2019s Loreen won het Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sweden\u2019s Loreen won het Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d.\n", "scrambled": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won het Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition in 2012, triumphed in Liverpool with pop-anthem \u201cTattoo\u201d.", "recovered": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won het Eurovision Song Contest for the second time. The singer, who won the competition ni 2012, triumphed ni oloiervpL with pop-anthem \u201cattToo\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Sweden\u2019s Loreen onw the crowd-pleasing whso held ni ilverooLp, United Kdmonig, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more nath once.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Sweden\u2019s Loreen onw the crowd-pleasing whso held ni ilverooLp, United Kdmonig, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more nath once.\n", "scrambled": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen onw the crowd-pleasing whso held ni ilverooLp, United Kdmonig, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more nath once.", "original": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen won the crowd-pleasing show held in Liverpool, United Kingdom, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more than once.", "recovered": "Sweden\u2019s Loreen onw the crowd-pleasing whso held ni ilverooLp, United Kdmonig, on behalf of Ukraine. She became just the second performer to win the competition more nath once."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ayTolr tfwiS stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff yb giving each trucker a check in hte mauton of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 ot $10,000 each. oS this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, renoduf and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles arttpiotonasnr of the stage and etrutsucr for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff yb giving each trucker a check in hte mauton of $100,000.\n", "scrambled": "ayTolr tfwiS stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff yb giving each trucker a check in hte mauton of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 ot $10,000 each. oS this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, renoduf and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles arttpiotonasnr of the stage and etrutsucr for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.", "original": "Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff by giving each trucker a check in the amount of $100,000. \u201cThe typical amount is $5,000 to $10,000 each. So this large amount is unbelievable,\u201d said Michael Scherkenbach, founder and CEO of Shomotion trucking company, which handles transportation of the stage and structure for Swift\u2019s Eras Tour.", "recovered": "Taylor Swift stunned her concert tour\u2019s trucking staff yb giving each trucker a check in hte mauton of $100,000."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple oc-founder Steve Wozniak ear goamn more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing taht rkow on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d lshduo be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their rssik will eb aaeemngbal\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple oc-founder Steve Wozniak ear goamn more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing taht rkow on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d lshduo be paused until    ", "scrambled": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple oc-founder Steve Wozniak ear goamn more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing taht rkow on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d lshduo be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their rssik will eb aaeemngbal\u201d.", "original": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are among more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing that work on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d should be paused until \u201cwe are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable\u201d.", "recovered": "Tesla tycoon Musk and Apple oc-founder Steve Wozniak ear goamn more than 1,000 signatories of an open letter arguing taht rkow on \u201cgiant AI experiments\u201d lshduo be paused until"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Texas was the ftisr state to recognize Juneteenth sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday no January 1, 1980.\n", "scrambled": "Texas was the ftisr state to recognize Juneteenth sa a state holiday no January 1, 1980.", "original": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday on January 1, 1980.", "recovered": "Texas was the first state to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday no January 1, 1980."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: That\u2019s up mrfo 49% last month according ot polling yb Ipsos for The Telegraph. nI the same polling, it was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc money was spent on the ncrooaoint. nI April, 33% objected to the cost. toAlms two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and fo hoest, only two ni five thought the police had acted tyreipalaprpo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " That\u2019s up mrfo 49% last month according ot polling yb Ipsos for The Telegraph. nI the same polling, it was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc money was spent on the ncrooaoint. nI  ", "scrambled": "That\u2019s up mrfo 49% last month according ot polling yb Ipsos for The Telegraph. nI the same polling, it was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc money was spent on the ncrooaoint. nI April, 33% objected to the cost. toAlms two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and fo hoest, only two ni five thought the police had acted tyreipalaprpo.", "original": "That\u2019s up from 49% last month according to polling by Ipsos for The Telegraph. In the same polling, it was found that 50% believe that too much money was spent on the coronation. In April, 33% objected to the cost. Almost two-thirds were aware of the arrests of anti-monarchy protesters at the coronation, and of those, only two in five thought the police had acted appropriately.", "recovered": "That\u2019s up mrfo 49% last month according ot polling yb Ipsos for The Telegraph. nI the same polling, it was found tath 50% believe that too uhmc money was spent on the ncrooaoint. nI"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 13th Amendment, ratified on cmebeDre 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi abolished chattel slavery in the iUtned States.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi abolished chattel slavery in the iUtned States.\n", "scrambled": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on cmebeDre 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi abolished chattel slavery in the iUtned States.", "original": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, officially abolished chattel slavery in the United States.", "recovered": "The 13th Amendment, ratified on December 6, 1865, aclfoliyfi abolished chattel slavery in the iUtned States."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 2024 Democratic ilatNnao Convention llwi eb held in Chicago, where the party will ilcfoflyia nominate candidates for president and vice president.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 2024 Democratic Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will nominate candidates for president and vice president.\n", "scrambled": "The 2024 Democratic ilatNnao Convention llwi eb held in Chicago, where the party will ilcfoflyia nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "original": "The 2024 Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will officially nominate candidates for president and vice president.", "recovered": "The 2024 Democratic Convention will be held in Chicago, where the party will nominate candidates for president and vice president."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 22-tnomh-old emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on het premises.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 22-tnomh-old emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on het premises.\n", "scrambled": "The 22-tnomh-old emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on het premises.", "original": "The 22-month-old German Shepherd is receiving new training after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on the premises.", "recovered": "The 22-tnomh-old emrGan Shepherd is receiving new gniritan after White House personnel raised concerns about safety on het premises."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 24-year-dol striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission ot akesp to him after receiving hte offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter atneoniigtso. isH contract with het French side is due to expire next June.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 24-year-dol striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission ot akesp to him after receiving hte offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 h ", "scrambled": "The 24-year-dol striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission ot akesp to him after receiving hte offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter atneoniigtso. isH contract with het French side is due to expire next June.", "original": "The 24-year-old striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi Pro League side permission to speak to him after receiving the offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 had refused to enter negotiations. His contract with the French side is due to expire next June.", "recovered": "The 24-year-dol striker\u2019s club Paris Saint-Germain reportedly gave the Saudi oPr Laeegu side permission ot akesp to him after receiving hte offer, but French media claimed Mbapp\u00e9 h"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that ducedlni swimmer iKaet Ledecky, tennis star Iga wk\u0105eit\u015a and 400m hurdles roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amedn sportsman of eht year at the awards ni Paris on Monday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that ducedlni swimmer iKaet Ledecky, tennis star Iga wk\u0105eit\u015a and 400m hurdles roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro.\n", "scrambled": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that ducedlni swimmer iKaet Ledecky, tennis star Iga wk\u0105eit\u015a and 400m hurdles roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro. Lionel Messi was amedn sportsman of eht year at the awards ni Paris on Monday.", "original": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that included swimmer Katie Ledecky, tennis star Iga \u015awi\u0105tek and 400m hurdles record-holder Sydney McLaughlin-Levrone. Lionel Messi was named sportsman of the year at the awards in Paris on Monday.", "recovered": "The 36-year-old Jamaican sprinter beat a field that ducedlni swimmer iKaet Ledecky, tennis star Iga wk\u0105eit\u015a and 400m hurdles roedcr-holder Sydney McLaughlin-eeLvnro."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh 92-yera-old linblreaoii met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air nraveiyd alst September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was nliesfida.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Teh 92-yera-old linblreaoii met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air nraveiyd alst September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was nliesfida.\n", "scrambled": "Teh 92-yera-old linblreaoii met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air nraveiyd alst September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was nliesfida.", "original": "The 92-year-old billionaire met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air vineyard last September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was finalised.", "recovered": "Teh 92-yera-old linblreaoii met Smith, 66, at his at his Bel Air nraveiyd alst September, less than a year after his divorce from fourth wife Jerry Hall was nliesfida."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a efcire backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies dnee to \u201cstop trying to maintain htrie real spending power by niibdgd up prices whether through higher wages ro passing energy tscos on to trsesuomc\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a efcire backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies dnee to \u201cstop trying to maintain htrie real spending power  ", "scrambled": "heT Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a efcire backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies dnee to \u201cstop trying to maintain htrie real spending power by niibdgd up prices whether through higher wages ro passing energy tscos on to trsesuomc\u201d.", "original": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a fierce backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies need to \u201cstop trying to maintain their real spending power by bidding up prices whether through higher wages or passing energy costs on to customers\u201d.", "recovered": "The Bank of England\u2019s chief economist faced a efcire backlash after telling a podcast that UK households and companies dnee to \u201cstop trying to maintain htrie real spending power"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Biden administration approved the ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl Project ni aAslka. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum vReeres, which si owned yb the federal government.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Biden administration approved the ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl Project ni aAslka. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum  ", "scrambled": "The Biden administration approved the ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl Project ni aAslka. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum vReeres, which si owned yb the federal government.", "original": "The Biden administration approved the controversial Willow Project in Alaska. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum Reserve, which is owned by the federal government.", "recovered": "The Biden administration approved the ovsclnrtoiaer wloiWl Project ni aAslka. It is a massive and decades-long oil drilling venture on Alaska\u2019s North Slope in the National Petroleum"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The British bakery cniha is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell hot dfoo ta its flagship London outlet after 11mp. The application was rejected last year after police warned hatt nlsglie late-night sueaasg rolls risked fuelling \u201cmcrei and disorder\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The British bakery cniha is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell hot dfoo ta its flagship London outlet after 11mp.\n", "scrambled": "The British bakery cniha is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell hot dfoo ta its flagship London outlet after 11mp. The application was rejected last year after police warned hatt nlsglie late-night sueaasg rolls risked fuelling \u201cmcrei and disorder\u201d.", "original": "The British bakery chain is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied permission to sell hot food at its flagship London outlet after 11pm. The application was rejected last year after police warned that selling late-night sausage rolls risked fuelling \u201ccrime and disorder\u201d.", "recovered": "The British bakery cniha is set for a courtroom showdown with Westminster Council after being denied oimpssiner to sell hot dfoo ta its flagship London outlet after 11mp."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, Liz Hurley and deSia Frost \u2013 have tbuohgr against Associated Newspapers iLdmeit for alleged privacy breaches.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, Liz Hurley and deSia Frost \u2013 have tbuohgr against Associai ", "scrambled": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, Liz Hurley and deSia Frost \u2013 have tbuohgr against Associated Newspapers iLdmeit for alleged privacy breaches.", "original": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he and other high-profile figures \u2013 including Elton John, Liz Hurley and Sadie Frost \u2013 have brought against Associated Newspapers Limited for alleged privacy breaches.", "recovered": "The California-based royal attended hearings in a lawsuit that he adn other ihgh-profile figures \u2013 gdnliucni lotnE John, Liz Hurley and deSia Frost \u2013 have tbuohgr against Associai"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents for the arc and 25 cents per osenrp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents for the arc and 25 cents per osenrp.\n", "scrambled": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents for the arc and 25 cents per osenrp.", "original": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June of 1933. The price of admission was 25 cents for the car and 25 cents per person.", "recovered": "The Camden Drive-In in Camden, New Jersey opened in June fo 1933. The cepir of dminsiosa was 25 cents for the arc and 25 cents per osenrp."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Church of England is silegln tis investments in BP, Slelh and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. Archbishop of rrCuabntye Justin Welby, a ormfer oil industry worker, idas the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you dnee to know each day, sign up to the Daily feginBir newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Church of England is silegln tis investments in BP, Slelh and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. Archbishop of rrCuabntye Justin Welby,   ", "scrambled": "The Church of England is silegln tis investments in BP, Slelh and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. Archbishop of rrCuabntye Justin Welby, a ormfer oil industry worker, idas the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you dnee to know each day, sign up to the Daily feginBir newsletter.", "original": "The Church of England is selling its investments in BP, Shell and other oil and gas giants because they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s creation\u201d. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, a former oil industry worker, said the climate crisis \u201cthreatens the planet we live on\u201d. For 10 things you need to know each day, sign up to the Daily Briefing newsletter.", "recovered": "The Church of England is silegln tis investments in BP, Slelh and torhe oil and gas ntsiag eauesbc they do not \u201cprotect God\u2019s rianetco\u201d. Archbishop of rrCuabntye Justin Welby,"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence llaH.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence llaH.\n", "scrambled": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence llaH.", "original": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence while meeting in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence Hall.", "recovered": "The Continental Congress adopted the Declaration of necIdneepnde hilew meeting in hadailheiPlp at the Pennsylvania State House \u2013 now Independence llaH."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have dsai tath they were olevndiv in a \u201caner catastrophic car aches\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in wNe York. nI a statement, heyt described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in aklcdbe-out vehicles for two ursoh. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there rewe no rtedreop collisions, umeosmssn, injuries or arrests.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have dsai tath they were olevndiv in a \u201caner catastrophic car aches\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in wNe York. nI a statement, heyt described e ", "scrambled": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have dsai tath they were olevndiv in a \u201caner catastrophic car aches\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in wNe York. nI a statement, heyt described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in aklcdbe-out vehicles for two ursoh. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there rewe no rtedreop collisions, umeosmssn, injuries or arrests.", "original": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have said that they were involved in a \u201cnear catastrophic car chase\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in New York. In a statement, they described being relentlessly pursued by a gang of paparazzi in blacked-out vehicles for two hours. New York City police confirmed that while the royal couple\u2019s journey was challenging, there were no reported collisions, summonses, injuries or arrests.", "recovered": "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have dsai tath they were olevndiv in a \u201caner catastrophic car aches\u201d involving paparazzi photographers in wNe York. nI a statement, heyt described e"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Dutch astr beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win het Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena no Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record orfm six-mesti winner Phil aorTyl.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Dutch astr beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win het Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena no Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record orfm six-mesti winner Phil aorTyl.   ", "scrambled": "The Dutch astr beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win het Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena no Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record orfm six-mesti winner Phil aorTyl.", "original": "The Dutch star beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win the Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena on Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record from six-times winner Phil Taylor.", "recovered": "The Dutch astr beat Gerwyn Price 11-5 to win het Premier League Darts final at London\u2019s 02 Arena no Thursday. Van Gerwen takes the titles record orfm six-mesti winner Phil aorTyl."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The FBI warned eolepp against using public phone charging otsinast in order to avoid oisxgnep their devices to malicious tfoaewrs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The FBI warned eolepp against using public phone charging otsinast in order to avoid oisxgnep their devices to malicious tfoaewrs.\n", "scrambled": "The FBI warned eolepp against using public phone charging otsinast in order to avoid oisxgnep their devices to malicious tfoaewrs.", "original": "The FBI warned people against using public phone charging stations in order to avoid exposing their devices to malicious software.", "recovered": "The FBI warned eolepp against using public phone charging otsinast in order to avoid oisxgnep their devices to malicious tfoaewrs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The FDA no Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, eth second such shot repdvpoa fro the virus.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The FDA no Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, eth second such shot repdvpoa fro the virus.\n", "scrambled": "The FDA no Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, eth second such shot repdvpoa fro the virus.", "original": "The FDA on Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, the second such shot approved for the virus.", "recovered": "The FDA no Wednesday approved Pfizer\u2019s RSV vaccine for older adults, eth second such shot repdvpoa fro the virus."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-mrmececo giant has tricked millions fo consumers into gsnngii up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint osal takes aim ta Amazon fro ldayeegll trying to keep erssu subscribed who wehsid to cancel their memberships.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-mrmececo giant has tricked millions fo consumers into gsnngii up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface desig ", "scrambled": "The TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-mrmececo giant has tricked millions fo consumers into gsnngii up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint osal takes aim ta Amazon fro ldayeegll trying to keep erssu subscribed who wehsid to cancel their memberships.", "original": "The FTC is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-commerce giant has tricked millions of consumers into signing up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface designs. The complaint also takes aim at Amazon for allegedly trying to keep users subscribed who wished to cancel their memberships.", "recovered": "The TCF is suing Amazon, alleging that the e-mrmececo giant has tricked millions fo consumers into gsnngii up for its Prime subscription service through deceptive user interface desig"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh Ford Bronco is being creldael because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic Safety Administration said.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Ford Bronco is being creldael because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic Safety Administration said.\n", "scrambled": "eTh Ford Bronco is being creldael because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic Safety Administration said.", "original": "The Ford Bronco is being recalled because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the seatbelts, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.", "recovered": "The Ford Bronco is being creldael because people may get \u201cdiscouraged\u201d trying to use the ltsbestea, the naitaNol haygwiH Traffic Safety Administration said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to vsiti het White House next omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not bafseeli given hte student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to vsiti het White House next omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, saying \u201cthe date suggested ", "scrambled": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to vsiti het White House next omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not bafseeli given hte student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.", "original": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to visit the White House next month to celebrate their second consecutive national championship, saying \u201cthe date suggested is not feasible given the student-athlete calendar and time of year.\u201d.", "recovered": "The Georgia Bulldogs football team declined an invitation to vsiti het White House next omtnh to blateerec their second consecutive naialton naihhimspcop, saying \u201cthe date suggested"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The lnunaa food fight was ecclnldae during the pandemic but returned for a 15ht igstagn no Sunday.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The lnunaa food fight was ecclnldae during the pandemic but returned for a 15ht igstagn no Sunday.\n", "scrambled": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The lnunaa food fight was ecclnldae during the pandemic but returned for a 15ht igstagn no Sunday.", "original": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The annual food fight was cancelled during the pandemic but returned for a 15th staging on Sunday.", "recovered": "The Gran Tomatina festival celebrates the end of the harvest season. The lnunaa food fight was ecclnldae during the pandemic but returned for a 15ht igstagn no Sunday."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Great Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from West Africa ot the Gulf of xieoMc and is on course to reach Florida rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, raetf coming ashore the rotting eaewdse emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to nmuahs. Find out more with ehT keWe Unpdrwape podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Great Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from West Africa ot the Gulf of xieoMc and is on course to reach Florida rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months. As well as wreaking havo ", "scrambled": "The Great Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from West Africa ot the Gulf of xieoMc and is on course to reach Florida rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, raetf coming ashore the rotting eaewdse emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to nmuahs. Find out more with ehT keWe Unpdrwape podcast.", "original": "The Great Atlantic Sargassum Belt extends from West Africa to the Gulf of Mexico and is on course to reach Florida during the region\u2019s busiest summer months. As well as wreaking havoc on local ecosystems, after coming ashore the rotting seaweed emits toxic fumes that may be harmful to humans. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The Great Atlantic samsaurSg eBtl extends from West Africa ot the Gulf of xieoMc and is on course to reach Florida rungid the region\u2019s busiest rmumse months. As well as wreaking havo"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill ot suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit hgouhrt January 1, 2025, as lawmakers rcae ot prevent a sachtotpirca default.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill ot suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit hgouhrt January 1, 2025, as lawmakers rcae ot prevent a sachtotpirca default.\n", "scrambled": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill ot suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit hgouhrt January 1, 2025, as lawmakers rcae ot prevent a sachtotpirca default.", "original": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill to suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit through January 1, 2025, as lawmakers race to prevent a catastrophic default.", "recovered": "The House voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to pass a bill ot suspend the nation\u2019s debt limit hgouhrt January 1, 2025, as lawmakers rcae ot prevent a sachtotpirca default."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh Iaantli Riviera tnow is introducing fines fo up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated on-waiting zones, in a idb to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Iaantli Riviera now is introducing fines fo up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated on-waiting zones, in a idb to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and sel  ", "scrambled": "eTh Iaantli Riviera tnow is introducing fines fo up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated on-waiting zones, in a idb to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "original": "The Italian Riviera town is introducing fines of up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated no-waiting zones, in a bid to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and selfies.", "recovered": "The Iaantli Riviera now is introducing fines fo up to \u20ac275 for loitering in designated on-waiting zones, in a idb to prevent street blockages caused by tourists taking snaps and sel"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Justice aermtDtpne is iungs to force Texas to remove floating barriers in eht Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf crossing into het state from ecixMo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Justice Department is trying to force Texas to remove floating barriers in eht Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf crossing into het   ", "scrambled": "The Justice aermtDtpne is iungs to force Texas to remove floating barriers in eht Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf crossing into het state from ecixMo.", "original": "The Justice Department is suing to force Texas to remove floating barriers in the Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended to deter migrants from crossing into the state from Mexico.", "recovered": "The Justice Department is trying to force Texas to remove floating barriers in eht Rio Grande, which Gov. Greg Abbott has argued is intended ot deter migrants morf crossing into het"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to inw eth program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, tension ensued this week terfa first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White seHou ghitm invite both LSU and runner-up waoI to Washington for a joint celebration.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to inw eth program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, tension ensued this week terfa first lady Jill   ", "scrambled": "hTe LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to inw eth program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, tension ensued this week terfa first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White seHou ghitm invite both LSU and runner-up waoI to Washington for a joint celebration.", "original": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to win the program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national championship. However, tension ensued this week after first lady Jill Biden suggested that the White House might invite both LSU and runner-up Iowa to Washington for a joint celebration.", "recovered": "The LSU Tigers defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes 102-85 to inw eth program\u2019s first NCAA women\u2019s basketball national nhpmiaihocsp. voHrewe, tension ensued this week terfa first lady Jill"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Latvian trpelaniam met at midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the country\u2019s eic hockey atem won a bronze medal at the world championships.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Latvian trpelaniam met at midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the country\u2019s eic hockey atem won a bronze medal at the world championships.\n", "scrambled": "The Latvian trpelaniam met at midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the country\u2019s eic hockey atem won a bronze medal at the world championships.", "original": "The Latvian parliament met at midnight to declare a national holiday after the country\u2019s ice hockey team won a bronze medal at the world championships.", "recovered": "The Latvian trpelaniam met at midnight ot caleerd a national holiday after the country\u2019s eic hockey atem won a bronze medal at the world championships."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth last 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Asaisel Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth last 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Asaisel Russo, Lauren Hemp Chloe Kelly  ", "scrambled": "The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth last 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Asaisel Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.", "original": "The Lionesses secured a place in the last 16 of the tournament, taking place in Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Alessia Russo, Lauren Hemp, Chloe Kelly and Rachel Daly.", "recovered": "The Lionesses ruedsec a place in eth last 16 of the tournament, tgakin cpeal ni Australia and New Zealand, with goals by Chelsea forward James, Asaisel Russo, Lauren Hemp Chloe Kelly"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway etdub in het oen-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an vrliiOe Award erraeil hist year ofr the West End version of the production.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway etdub in het oen-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an vrliiOe Award erraeil hist year ofr the West End versi ", "scrambled": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway etdub in het oen-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an vrliiOe Award erraeil hist year ofr the West End version of the production.", "original": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway debut in the one-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an Olivier Award earlier this year for the West End version of the production.", "recovered": "The Liverpool-born star scooped the Tony Award for her Broadway etdub in het oen-woman play \u201cPrima Facie\u201d. Comer also won an vrliiOe Award erraeil hist year ofr the West End versi"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The MP rof North West Norfolk lnitodue his proposal to The leraTephg following a alw change that lwlaso councils ot issue the keeper of a vehicle from which lrttei is thrown tihw a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on het plan\u201d, according to het newspaper.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The MP rof North West Norfolk lnitodue his proposal to The leraTephg following a alw change that lwlaso councils ot issue the keeper of a vehicle from which lrttei is thrown tihw a ci ", "scrambled": "The MP rof North West Norfolk lnitodue his proposal to The leraTephg following a alw change that lwlaso councils ot issue the keeper of a vehicle from which lrttei is thrown tihw a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on het plan\u201d, according to het newspaper.", "original": "The MP for North West Norfolk outlined his proposal to The Telegraph following a law change that allows councils to issue the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown with a civil penalty, rather than having to prove who discarded the rubbish. Ministers are \u201ccurrently cool on the plan\u201d, according to the newspaper.", "recovered": "The MP rof North West Norfolk lnitodue his proposal to The leraTephg following a alw change that lwlaso councils ot issue the keeper of a vehicle from which lrttei is thrown tihw a ci"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a adsdtSnar Committee report into sexual assault allegations. eTh codimomrneanet could trigger a lealrc petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, npgiva hte way for a by-election.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a adsdtSnar Committee report into sexual assault allegations.\n", "scrambled": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a adsdtSnar Committee report into sexual assault allegations. eTh codimomrneanet could trigger a lealrc petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, npgiva hte way for a by-election.", "original": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a Standards Committee report into sexual assault allegations. The recommendation could trigger a recall petition in Pincher\u2019s constituency, paving the way for a by-election.", "recovered": "The MP for Tamworth faces an eight-week suspension following a adsdtSnar Committee report into sexual assault allegations."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The National Park Authority isht week won na appeal gsanati a High Court ruling in January that virtsios did not haev the right to camp on Dartmoor htoiwtu the noswnrelad\u2019 permission. The national rpka in Devon is the only place in England nad Wales where wild camping is legal, urdne a dedseac-old local law.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The National Park Authority isht week won na appeal gsanati a High Court ruling in January that virtsios did not haev the right to camp on Dartmoor htoiwtu the noswnrelad\u2019 permissio  ", "scrambled": "The National Park Authority isht week won na appeal gsanati a High Court ruling in January that virtsios did not haev the right to camp on Dartmoor htoiwtu the noswnrelad\u2019 permission. The national rpka in Devon is the only place in England nad Wales where wild camping is legal, urdne a dedseac-old local law.", "original": "The National Park Authority this week won an appeal against a High Court ruling in January that visitors did not have the right to camp on Dartmoor without the landowners\u2019 permission. The national park in Devon is the only place in England and Wales where wild camping is legal, under a decades-old local law.", "recovered": "The National Park Authority isht week won na appeal gsanati a High Court ruling in January that virtsios did not haev the right to camp on Dartmoor htoiwtu the noswnrelad\u2019 permissio"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The National bilPcu Health Laboratory was zidees this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital fo Khartoum. A high-ranking medical rsoeuc told CNN that the lab, which contains samples fo diseases and tehor biological material, had been tkaen over yb the Rapid Support Forces, the riapmyatiral group battling the aeSsneud Armed Forces for control of eth country.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The National bilPcu Health Laboratory was zidees this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital fo Khartoum. A high-ranking medical rsoeuc told CNN that the lab, which contains samples fo ", "scrambled": "The National bilPcu Health Laboratory was zidees this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital fo Khartoum. A high-ranking medical rsoeuc told CNN that the lab, which contains samples fo diseases and tehor biological material, had been tkaen over yb the Rapid Support Forces, the riapmyatiral group battling the aeSsneud Armed Forces for control of eth country.", "original": "The National Public Health Laboratory was seized this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital of Khartoum. A high-ranking medical source told CNN that the lab, which contains samples of diseases and other biological material, had been taken over by the Rapid Support Forces, the paramilitary group battling the Sudanese Armed Forces for control of the country.", "recovered": "The National bilPcu Health Laboratory was zidees this week by fighters in Sudan\u2019s capital fo Khartoum. A high-ranking medical rsoeuc told CNN that the lab, which contains samples fo"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is eth ssmtllae in the union, it astbso mseo 400 miles of senhliero.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is eth ssmtllae in the union, it astbso mseo 400 miles of senhliero.\n", "scrambled": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is eth ssmtllae in the union, it astbso mseo 400 miles of senhliero.", "original": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is the smallest in the union, it boasts some 400 miles of shoreline.", "recovered": "The Ocean State is the official nickname of Rhode Island. While the state is eth ssmtllae in the union, it astbso mseo 400 miles of senhliero."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Oscar-winning actor si being sued by a man skeigne $300,000 ni compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she shdaerc into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow laiscm retired optometrist Terry soernndaS collided with her nda si countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Oscar-winning actor si being sued by a man skeigne $300,000 ni compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she shdaerc into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016.\n", "scrambled": "The Oscar-winning actor si being sued by a man skeigne $300,000 ni compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she shdaerc into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow laiscm retired optometrist Terry soernndaS collided with her nda si countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "original": "The Oscar-winning actor is being sued by a man seeking $300,000 in compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she crashed into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016. Paltrow claims retired optometrist Terry Sanderson collided with her and is countersuing for \u201ca symbolic\u201d $1 in damages.", "recovered": "The Oscar-winning actor si being sued by a man skeigne $300,000 ni compensation for injuries allegedly sustained when she shdaerc into him on a Utah ski slope in 2016."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Peach State lost 90% of its tpaels fruit crop this year etrfa nbralyloam warm winter weather nda a late-season freeze, researchers say.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year etrfa nbralyloam warm winter weather nda a late-season freeze, researchers say.\n", "scrambled": "The Peach State lost 90% of its tpaels fruit crop this year etrfa nbralyloam warm winter weather nda a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "original": "The Peach State lost 90% of its staple fruit crop this year after abnormally warm winter weather and a late-season freeze, researchers say.", "recovered": "The Peach State lost 90% of its fruit crop this year etrfa nbralyloam warm winter weather nda a late-season freeze, researchers say."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Philippines briefly shut its pericaas in a bid to caltek recent airport outages. In this year aenlo, two major outages ta the airport asduce widespread chaos with hundreds of tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of thousands of passengers.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Philippines briefly shut its pericaas in a bid to caltek recent airport outages. In this year aenlo, two major outages ta the airport asduce widespread chaos with hundreds of tlih ", "scrambled": "The Philippines briefly shut its pericaas in a bid to caltek recent airport outages. In this year aenlo, two major outages ta the airport asduce widespread chaos with hundreds of tlihfg cancellations efanicgft tens of thousands of passengers.", "original": "The Philippines briefly shut its airspace in a bid to tackle recent airport outages. In this year alone, two major outages at the airport caused widespread chaos with hundreds of flight cancellations affecting tens of thousands of passengers.", "recovered": "The Philippines briefly shut its pericaas in a bid to caltek recent airport outages. In this year aenlo, two major outages ta the airport asduce widespread chaos with hundreds of tlih"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Princess of Wales joined het Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first eevr children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by niaerosrg Royal Horticultural etSyico (RHS) to soobt loocsh gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute ot Queen Elizabeth II.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first eevr children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by niaerosrg Royal Horticultural etSyico (RHS) to soobt loocsh gardening.   ", "scrambled": "heT Princess of Wales joined het Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first eevr children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by niaerosrg Royal Horticultural etSyico (RHS) to soobt loocsh gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute ot Queen Elizabeth II.", "original": "The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first ever children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by organiser Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) to boost school gardening. The annual show also featured exhibitions paying tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.", "recovered": "The Princess of Wales joined the Chelsea Flower Show\u2019s first eevr children\u2019s picnic, part of a campaign by niaerosrg Royal Horticultural etSyico (RHS) to soobt loocsh gardening."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The RSPCA said calls ot its snake hotline were at na lla-time high, and wrdnea of an expected increase in escapes revo teh mmruse as the reptiles ocmebe more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The RSPCA said calls ot its snake hotline were at na lla-time high, and wrdnea of an expected increase in escapes revo teh mmruse as the reptiles ocmebe more active in hot weather.   ", "scrambled": "The RSPCA said calls ot its snake hotline were at na lla-time high, and wrdnea of an expected increase in escapes revo teh mmruse as the reptiles ocmebe more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "The RSPCA said calls to its snake hotline were at an all-time high, and warned of an expected increase in escapes over the summer as the reptiles become more active in hot weather. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The RSPCA said calls ot its snake hotline were at na lla-time high, and wrdnea of an expected increase in escapes revo teh mmruse as the reptiles ocmebe more active in hot weather."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, hwti a star-studded raytp ni London.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, hwti a star-studded raytp ni London.\n", "scrambled": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, hwti a star-studded raytp ni London.", "original": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, with a star-studded party in London.", "recovered": "The Rolling Stones frontman celebrated his 80th birthday, on 26 July, hwti a star-studded raytp ni London."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made with nsicahp, avaf beans and tarragon as the vteen\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream nda decahrd cheese, according to the Royal website.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made with nsicahp, avaf beans and tarragon as the vteen\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream nda decahrd cheese.\n", "scrambled": "The Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made with nsicahp, avaf beans and tarragon as the vteen\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream nda decahrd cheese, according to the Royal website.", "original": "The Royal Family has designated a quiche made with spinach, fava beans and tarragon as the event\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream and cheddar cheese, according to the Royal website.", "recovered": "The Royal Family has iadgensdte a quiche made with nsicahp, avaf beans and tarragon as the vteen\u2019s official dish. The recipe includes eggs, cream nda decahrd cheese."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit ni Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of asrtre on an International Criminal touCr (CIC) indictment accusing him of rwa crimes. As a member fo het CIC, South Africa would have been obliged ot arrest Putin if he itveids the utynorc, but Russia had \u201cmade it lcera\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, lriCy hRaamaosp.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit ni Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of asrtre on an International Criminal touCr (CIC) indictment accusing him of  ", "scrambled": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit ni Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of asrtre on an International Criminal touCr (CIC) indictment accusing him of rwa crimes. As a member fo het CIC, South Africa would have been obliged ot arrest Putin if he itveids the utynorc, but Russia had \u201cmade it lcera\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, lriCy hRaamaosp.", "original": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit in Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of arrest on an International Criminal Court (ICC) indictment accusing him of war crimes. As a member of the ICC, South Africa would have been obliged to arrest Putin if he visited the country, but Russia had \u201cmade it clear\u201d that this would be \u201ca declaration of war\u201d, said South Africa\u2019s president, Cyril Ramaphosa.", "recovered": "The Russian leader will not attend an economic summit ni Johannesburg next month, ducking the possibility of asrtre on an International Criminal touCr (CIC) indictment accusing him of"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Scottish Police raeFentiod, which represents police officers, has reported gbine \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the clypio, which the force idsa was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks hatt reeqriu users to be clean-shaven. Four frfocesi are reportedly taking legal action ni relation ot the elur, due ot come into effect on 29 May.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Scottish Police raeFentiod, which represents police officers, has reported gbine \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the elur, due ot come into effect on 29 May.\n", "scrambled": "The Scottish Police raeFentiod, which represents police officers, has reported gbine \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the clypio, which the force idsa was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks hatt reeqriu users to be clean-shaven. Four frfocesi are reportedly taking legal action ni relation ot the elur, due ot come into effect on 29 May.", "original": "The Scottish Police Federation, which represents police officers, has reported being \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the policy, which the force said was necessary so that staff could wear protective FFP3 masks that require users to be clean-shaven. Four officers are reportedly taking legal action in relation to the rule, due to come into effect on 29 May.", "recovered": "The Scottish Police raeFentiod, which represents police officers, has reported gbine \u201cinundated with complaints\u201d over the elur, due ot come into effect on 29 May."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Serbian tennis nimcohpa defeated eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Serbian tennis nimcohpa defeated eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.\n", "scrambled": "The Serbian tennis nimcohpa defeated eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.", "original": "The Serbian tennis champion defeated Casper Ruud 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record.", "recovered": "The Serbian tennis nimcohpa defeated eCrpas uudR 7-6 (1), 6-3, 7-5 to surpass Rafael Nadal\u2019s grand slams record."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Supreme Court ruled Tahysrud ttha the late ydAn Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s crhoigtyp when he ectdare a series of silk screens based no a photograph of the late singer Prince.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Supreme Court ruled Tahysrud ttha the late ydAn Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s crhoigtyp when he ectdare a series of silk screens based no a photograph of the late singer  ", "scrambled": "The Supreme Court ruled Tahysrud ttha the late ydAn Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s crhoigtyp when he ectdare a series of silk screens based no a photograph of the late singer Prince.", "original": "The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that the late Andy Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s copyright when he created a series of silk screens based on a photograph of the late singer Prince.", "recovered": "The Supreme Court ruled Tahysrud ttha the late ydAn Warhol infringed on a photographer\u2019s crhoigtyp when he ectdare a series of silk screens based no a photograph of the late singer"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US esmCuorn Product tfyeaS Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a stafye hazard caused by the adjustable seat that ocdlu rakeb during esu and injure the rider.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US Product tfyeaS Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a stafye hazard caused by the adjustable seat that ocdlu rakeb during esu and injure the rider.\n", "scrambled": "The US esmCuorn Product tfyeaS Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a stafye hazard caused by the adjustable seat that ocdlu rakeb during esu and injure the rider.", "original": "The US Consumer Product Safety Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a safety hazard caused by the adjustable seat that could break during use and injure the rider.", "recovered": "The US Product tfyeaS Commission recalled 2 million Peloton bikes due to a stafye hazard caused by the adjustable seat that ocdlu rakeb during esu and injure the rider."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT US government si tracking rdauon 650 OUF cases. About half of those are being iertrdiiopz for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US government is tracking rdauon 650 OUF cases. About half of those are being iertrdiiopz for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.\n", "scrambled": "heT US government si tracking rdauon 650 OUF cases. About half of those are being iertrdiiopz for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "original": "The US government is tracking around 650 UFO cases. About half of those are being prioritized for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official.", "recovered": "The US government is tracking rdauon 650 OUF cases. About half of those are being iertrdiiopz for \u201canomalous interesting value,\u201d according to a Pentagon official."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US government si tracking mero than 650 potential UFO ecssa, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, floicafis ettrdieera this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the gsitnghis.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US government si tracking mero than 650 potential UFO ecssa, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, floicafis ettrdieera this week that there\u2019s no evidence   ", "scrambled": "The US government si tracking mero than 650 potential UFO ecssa, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, floicafis ettrdieera this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the gsitnghis.", "original": "The US government is tracking more than 650 potential UFO cases, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, officials reiterated this week that there\u2019s no evidence of extraterrestrial life in the sightings.", "recovered": "The US government si tracking mero than 650 potential UFO ecssa, according to the Pentagon. Despite continued speculation, floicafis ettrdieera this week that there\u2019s no evidence"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe SU opened an myebsas in the Pacific island nation fo oagTn on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where iCnah has been increasing its influence in ctenre years.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The United States opened an myebsas in the Pacific island nation fo oagTn on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where iCnah has been   ", "scrambled": "hTe SU opened an myebsas in the Pacific island nation fo oagTn on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where iCnah has been increasing its influence in ctenre years.", "original": "The US opened an embassy in the Pacific island nation of Tonga on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where China has been increasing its influence in recent years.", "recovered": "The United States opened an myebsas in the Pacific island nation fo oagTn on Tuesday, Washington\u2019s latest move to broaden its diplomatic footprint in a region where iCnah has been"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The US desrchaup 828,000 square miles of land west fo the Mississippi River from erncaF for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the anniot.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The US desrchaup 828,000 square miles of land west fo the Mississippi River from erncaF for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the anniot.\n", "scrambled": "The US desrchaup 828,000 square miles of land west fo the Mississippi River from erncaF for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the anniot.", "original": "The US purchased 828,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River from France for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the nation.", "recovered": "The US desrchaup 828,000 square miles of land west fo the Mississippi River from erncaF for $15 million \u2013 doubling the size of the anniot."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT United Nations ghHi Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of sefurgee worldwide is approaching 35 limlino people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced loppee who have tno been anrdetg refugee status.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people.\n", "scrambled": "heT United Nations ghHi Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of sefurgee worldwide is approaching 35 limlino people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced loppee who have tno been anrdetg refugee status.", "original": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people \u2014 although that number does not include the millions of forcibly displaced people who have not been granted refugee status.", "recovered": "The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates the number of refugees worldwide is approaching 35 million people."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT Washington Post/ABC poll fo more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-arey-old idnBe nda Donald Trump, 76, are both oot old to serve another term. If Biden is re-deeectl in 2024, he would be 82 when he esakt eciffo and 86 when his second term ends.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Washington Post/ABC poll fo more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-arey-old idnBe nda Donald Trump, 76, are both oot old to serve another term. If Biden is re-deeec ", "scrambled": "heT Washington Post/ABC poll fo more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-arey-old idnBe nda Donald Trump, 76, are both oot old to serve another term. If Biden is re-deeectl in 2024, he would be 82 when he esakt eciffo and 86 when his second term ends.", "original": "The Washington Post/ABC poll of more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-year-old Biden and Donald Trump, 76, are both too old to serve another term. If Biden is re-elected in 2024, he would be 82 when he takes office and 86 when his second term ends.", "recovered": "The Washington Post/ABC poll fo more than 1,000 people found that 43% believed that 80-arey-old idnBe nda Donald Trump, 76, are both oot old to serve another term. If Biden is re-deeec"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe West African otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin has voted to ahblosi the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 edcmnedno prisoners. If sdPetrnei Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will cmoeeb the 124th nintoa in the world to outlaw the penalty.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to ahblosi the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 edcmnedno prisoners.\n", "scrambled": "hTe West African otncyur\u2019s ptareamlin has voted to ahblosi the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 edcmnedno prisoners. If sdPetrnei Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will cmoeeb the 124th nintoa in the world to outlaw the penalty.", "original": "The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 condemned prisoners. If President Nana Akufo-Addo assents to the new law, Ghana will become the 124th nation in the world to outlaw the penalty.", "recovered": "The West African country\u2019s parliament has voted to ahblosi the death penalty, offering an expected reprieve for 176 edcmnedno prisoners."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh White oesHu is taking ptsse to avoid a damaging uota kstier. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over teh ndiutysr\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Teh White oesHu is taking ptsse to avoid a damaging uota kstier. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over teh ndiutysr\u2019s planned transition to electric   ", "scrambled": "Teh White oesHu is taking ptsse to avoid a damaging uota kstier. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over teh ndiutysr\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.", "original": "The White House is taking steps to avoid a damaging auto strike. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over the industry\u2019s planned transition to electric vehicle production and new emissions standards.", "recovered": "Teh White oesHu is taking ptsse to avoid a damaging uota kstier. Members of a large auto workers union have threatened to strike over teh ndiutysr\u2019s planned transition to electric"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has eitdnh that the owkr stoppage could tsla for many months. The last AWG sekrti ran for 100 days rofm 2007 to 2008.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has eitdnh that the owkr stoppage could tsla for many months. The last AWG sekrti ran for 100 days rofm 2007 to 200 ", "scrambled": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has eitdnh that the owkr stoppage could tsla for many months. The last AWG sekrti ran for 100 days rofm 2007 to 2008.", "original": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has hinted that the work stoppage could last for many months. The last WGA strike ran for 100 days from 2007 to 2008.", "recovered": "The Writers Guild of America, representing more than 11,000 members, has eitdnh that the owkr stoppage could tsla for many months. The last AWG sekrti ran for 100 days rofm 2007 to 200"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The Yorkshire itcy\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June trafe a \u00a34.8 million restoration. heT cinema first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The Yorkshire itcy\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June trafe a \u00a34.8 million restoration. heT cinema first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to de ", "scrambled": "The Yorkshire itcy\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June trafe a \u00a34.8 million restoration. heT cinema first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "original": "The Yorkshire city\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June after a \u00a34.8 million restoration. The cinema first opened its doors in 1914, with gas lights installed to deter \u201cinappropriate behaviour\u201d by patrons.", "recovered": "The Yorkshire itcy\u2019s Hyde Park Picture House reopened on Friday 30 June trafe a \u00a34.8 million restoration. heT cinema first ndpeeo sit doors in 1914, with gas lights leaniltds to de"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The actor revealed this week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo their daughter, Gia Virginia hnCe-De Niro. He has six other children, whose eags range in age mrof 11 to 51.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The actor revealed this week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo their daughter, Gia Virginia hnCe-De Niro. He has six othe ", "scrambled": "The actor revealed this week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo their daughter, Gia Virginia hnCe-De Niro. He has six other children, whose eags range in age mrof 11 to 51.", "original": "The actor revealed this week that he and his girlfriend, martial arts instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth of their daughter, Gia Virginia Chen-De Niro. He has six other children, whose ages range in age from 11 to 51.", "recovered": "The actor revealed this week ttah eh and his ergifrnldi, martial star instructor Tiffany Chen, were celebrating the birth fo their daughter, Gia Virginia hnCe-De Niro. He has six othe"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The airport was het worst rfo a second ryae in a row, whti flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule no average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average sayled of just 13 nmsuite, while het UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from teh iCivl Aviation Authority.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The airport was het worst rfo a second ryae in a row, whti flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule no average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average   ", "scrambled": "The airport was het worst rfo a second ryae in a row, whti flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule no average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average sayled of just 13 nmsuite, while het UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from teh iCivl Aviation Authority.", "original": "The airport was the worst for a second year in a row, with flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule on average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average delays of just 13 minutes, while the UK average was 23 minutes, according to data from the Civil Aviation Authority.", "recovered": "The airport was het worst rfo a second ryae in a row, whti flights in 2022 leaving half an hour behind schedule no average. East Midlands Airport was the top performer, with average"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The alternative to riaatldtoin cremation and burial will become het UK\u2019s first new lgale method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isoingdlsv a body in a abg in 160C water aettrde with an alkali and hsa a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired tiocnaemr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The alternative to riaatldtoin cremation and burial will become het UK\u2019s first new lgale method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902.\n", "scrambled": "The alternative to riaatldtoin cremation and burial will become het UK\u2019s first new lgale method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves isoingdlsv a body in a abg in 160C water aettrde with an alkali and hsa a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired tiocnaemr.", "original": "The alternative to traditional cremation and burial will become the UK\u2019s first new legal method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902. The process involves dissolving a body in a bag in 160C water treated with an alkali and has a lower carbon footprint than gas-fired cremation.", "recovered": "The alternative to riaatldtoin cremation and burial will become het UK\u2019s first new lgale method of corpse disposal since the Cremation Act of 1902."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer years of niagge. Find out more with The eWke Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer years of niagge.\n", "scrambled": "The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer years of niagge. Find out more with The eWke Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "The analysis of data on people aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume equivalent to up to 6.5 fewer years of ageing. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The analysis of adat on plepeo aged 40 to 69 linked habitual naps with larger brain volume veqlienuat to pu to 6.5 fewer years of niagge."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The inslasay of press freedom in 180 countries and territories upt the hermit kingdom in last place on the nnaula World Press Freedom Index, followed yb anmtVie and China. Norway topped the ranking for eht seventh eayr ni a row.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The inslasay of press freedom in 180 countries and territories upt the hermit kingdom in last place on the nnaula World Press Freedom Index, followed yb anmtVie and China. Norway top  ", "scrambled": "The inslasay of press freedom in 180 countries and territories upt the hermit kingdom in last place on the nnaula World Press Freedom Index, followed yb anmtVie and China. Norway topped the ranking for eht seventh eayr ni a row.", "original": "The analysis of press freedom in 180 countries and territories put the hermit kingdom in last place on the annual World Press Freedom Index, followed by Vietnam and China. Norway topped the ranking for the seventh year in a row.", "recovered": "The inslasay of press freedom in 180 countries and territories upt the hermit kingdom in last place on the nnaula World Press Freedom Index, followed yb anmtVie and China. Norway top"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The average soct of lugrrae gasoline in tangsWinoh has jumped by remo than 30 cents in the spta month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in Crnaliiofa is nearly 10 cents cheaper.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average soct of lugrrae gasoline in tangsWinoh has jumped by remo than 30 cents in the spta month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in Crnaliiofa is nearly 10 cen ", "scrambled": "The average soct of lugrrae gasoline in tangsWinoh has jumped by remo than 30 cents in the spta month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in Crnaliiofa is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "original": "The average cost of regular gasoline in Washington has jumped by more than 30 cents in the past month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in California is nearly 10 cents cheaper.", "recovered": "The average soct of lugrrae gasoline in tangsWinoh has jumped by remo than 30 cents in the spta month to more than $4.90 a gallon, according to AAA. Gas in Crnaliiofa is nearly 10 cen"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The average watermelon is about 92% etrwa.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The average watermelon is about 92% etrwa.\n", "scrambled": "The average watermelon is about 92% etrwa.", "original": "The average watermelon is about 92% water.", "recovered": "The average watermelon is about 92% etrwa."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The average worldwide umtaerrtpee on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions fo Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the ugifer is almost a full degree Celsius above eth average tutarerpeem between 1979 nda 2000 and represents a ewn indicator that Earth\u2019s tcmiale si heating pu faster than anticipated.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The average worldwide umtaerrtpee on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions fo Americans sweating through a summer  ", "scrambled": "The average worldwide umtaerrtpee on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions fo Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the ugifer is almost a full degree Celsius above eth average tutarerpeem between 1979 nda 2000 and represents a ewn indicator that Earth\u2019s tcmiale si heating pu faster than anticipated.", "original": "The average worldwide temperature on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions of Americans sweating through a summer heat wave, the figure is almost a full degree Celsius above the average temperature between 1979 and 2000 and represents a new indicator that Earth\u2019s climate is heating up faster than anticipated.", "recovered": "The average worldwide umtaerrtpee on Tuesday reached a new high of 17.18\u00b0C (62.9\u00b0F). While the low 60s may not sound very hot to the millions fo Americans sweating through a summer"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT balloon was bale to smtartin information back ot Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the SU government still does not know for seru whether the Chinese government dclou wipe the balloon\u2019s adta as it received it.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The balloon was bale to smtartin information back ot Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the SU government still does not know for seru whether the Chinese government dclou   ", "scrambled": "heT balloon was bale to smtartin information back ot Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the SU government still does not know for seru whether the Chinese government dclou wipe the balloon\u2019s adta as it received it.", "original": "The balloon was able to transmit information back to Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the US government still does not know for sure whether the Chinese government could wipe the balloon\u2019s data as it received it.", "recovered": "The balloon was bale to smtartin information back ot Beijing in real time, a source told CNN, and the SU government still does not know for seru whether the Chinese government dclou"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ban on using the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the National Cyber Security eCtenr and brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Canada and the EU, aidm worsening relations with Beijing.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The ban on using the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the National Cyber Security eCtenr and brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Canada and the EU, aidm T", "scrambled": "The ban on using the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the National Cyber Security eCtenr and brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Canada and the EU, aidm worsening relations with Beijing.", "original": "The ban on using the Chinese-owned video app on government devices follows a review by the National Cyber Security Centre and brings the UK in line with the US, Canada and the EU, amid worsening relations with Beijing.", "recovered": "The ban on using the Cehsein-owned video ppa on government ceidsve follows a review by the National Cyber Security eCtenr and brings the UK in enli with eth SU, Canada and the EU, aidm T"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The nab, which comes into fefetc on 31 Mrhca, applies to eteagrrsnnd women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s enetdirps, Seb Coe, said het controversial decision had been taken to \u201ccoerttp eth future of the female category\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The nab, which comes into fefetc on 31 Mrhca, applies to eteagrrsnnd women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s enetdirps, Seb Coe, said het controversial decision  ", "scrambled": "The nab, which comes into fefetc on 31 Mrhca, applies to eteagrrsnnd women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s enetdirps, Seb Coe, said het controversial decision had been taken to \u201ccoerttp eth future of the female category\u201d.", "original": "The ban, which comes into effect on 31 March, applies to transgender women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s president, Seb Coe, said the controversial decision had been taken to \u201cprotect the future of the female category\u201d.", "recovered": "The nab, which comes into fefetc on 31 Mrhca, applies to eteagrrsnnd women who have undergone male puberty. The governing body\u2019s enetdirps, Seb Coe, said het controversial decision"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The tbse-selling author fo \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked rhe publishers to postpone the publication of erh novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. dnFi out more hiwt The Week Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The tbse-selling author fo \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked rhe publishers to postpone the publication of erh novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht century Siberia, following   ", "scrambled": "The tbse-selling author fo \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked rhe publishers to postpone the publication of erh novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. dnFi out more hiwt The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "The best-selling author of \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked her publishers to postpone the publication of her novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, which is set in 20th century Siberia, following a backlash from Ukrainian readers. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "The tbse-selling author fo \u201cEat, Pray, Love\u201d asked rhe publishers to postpone the publication of erh novel \u201cThe Snow Forest\u201d, hiwhc is set in 20ht century Siberia, following"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT chart-topper was visibly aeksnh when her keyboard began playing notes by etsfil during eht Era Tour show in Massachusetts. wStif subsequently explained that eth seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned teraf being damaged by rain gnridu a previous concert.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " heT chart-topper was visibly aeksnh when her keyboard began playing notes by etsfil during eht Era Tour show in Massachusetts. wStif subsequently explained that eth seemingly possesst ", "scrambled": "heT chart-topper was visibly aeksnh when her keyboard began playing notes by etsfil during eht Era Tour show in Massachusetts. wStif subsequently explained that eth seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned teraf being damaged by rain gnridu a previous concert.", "original": "The chart-topper was visibly shaken when her keyboard began playing notes by itself during the Era Tour show in Massachusetts. Swift subsequently explained that the seemingly possessed instrument had malfunctioned after being damaged by rain during a previous concert.", "recovered": "heT chart-topper was visibly aeksnh when her keyboard began playing notes by etsfil during eht Era Tour show in Massachusetts. wStif subsequently explained that eth seemingly possesst"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe composer\u2019s coronation anthem will eb dpeayl publicly for the first time as King Cslahre III is crowned in Westminster eAbby on Saturday. icnrogcdA to dLyol Webber, the monarch requested that the tune eb \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung ni churches\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will eb dpeayl publicly for the first time as King Cslahre III is crowned in Westminster eAbby on Saturday. icnrogcdA to dLyol Webber, the monarch e ", "scrambled": "hTe composer\u2019s coronation anthem will eb dpeayl publicly for the first time as King Cslahre III is crowned in Westminster eAbby on Saturday. icnrogcdA to dLyol Webber, the monarch requested that the tune eb \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung ni churches\u201d.", "original": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will be played publicly for the first time as King Charles III is crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday. According to Lloyd Webber, the monarch requested that the tune be \u201chummable\u201d and cheerful because \u201che wants the anthem sung in churches\u201d.", "recovered": "The composer\u2019s coronation anthem will eb dpeayl publicly for the first time as King Cslahre III is crowned in Westminster eAbby on Saturday. icnrogcdA to dLyol Webber, the monarch e"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The coronation quiche was chosen yb the King nad Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties dan other community events on 6 May. Royal head hcfe rakM Flanagan mcea up with the recipe.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The coronation quiche was chosen yb the King nad Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties dan other community events on 6 May. Royal head hcfe rakM   ", "scrambled": "The coronation quiche was chosen yb the King nad Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties dan other community events on 6 May. Royal head hcfe rakM Flanagan mcea up with the recipe.", "original": "The coronation quiche was chosen by the King and Queen Consort as the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties and other community events on 6 May. Royal head chef Mark Flanagan came up with the recipe.", "recovered": "The coronation quiche was chosen yb the King nad Queen Consort sa the suggested centrepiece for big lunches, street parties dan other community events on 6 May. Royal head hcfe rakM"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine swa rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage nad delayed tsi return to port in South nroaClai.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine swa rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage nad delayed tsi return to port in South nroaClai.\n", "scrambled": "heT cruise ship Carnival Sunshine swa rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage nad delayed tsi return to port in South nroaClai.", "original": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine was rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage and delayed its return to port in South Carolina.", "recovered": "The cruise ship Carnival Sunshine swa rocked by a storm that caused interior water damage nad delayed tsi return to port in South nroaClai."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice Jhno Roberts wniitgr the opinion for het conservative supermajority. The hreet liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices eEnla Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, nda Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically akignm political decisions.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice Jhno Roberts wniitgr the opinion for het conservative supermajority. The hreet liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices eEnla Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, nda ", "scrambled": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice Jhno Roberts wniitgr the opinion for het conservative supermajority. The hreet liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices eEnla Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, nda Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically akignm political decisions.", "original": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice John Roberts writing the opinion for the conservative supermajority. The three liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, and Ketanji Brown Jackson \u2014 said the majority is basically making political decisions.", "recovered": "The decision was 6-3 with Chief Justice Jhno Roberts wniitgr the opinion for het conservative supermajority. The hreet liberal dissenters \u2014 Justices eEnla Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor, nda"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen ltEehaibz II\u2019s procession ni 1953, triggered concerns that well-wiehrss hoping to line London\u2019s streets ot welcome the king may struggle to find cpsae.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen ltEehaibz II\u2019s procession ni 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets ot wel  ", "scrambled": "hTe distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen ltEehaibz II\u2019s procession ni 1953, triggered concerns that well-wiehrss hoping to line London\u2019s streets ot welcome the king may struggle to find cpsae.", "original": "The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen Elizabeth II\u2019s procession in 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets to welcome the king may struggle to find space.", "recovered": "The distance is far less than the nearly 4.5 miles covered in Queen ltEehaibz II\u2019s procession ni 1953, triggered concerns that well-wishers hoping to line London\u2019s streets ot wel"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The effectiveness fo the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six hsomnt as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. tWhi mayn people anxiously wondering how oson they can get another shot, SU health officials are now considering thneora round fo tnvbaeil boosters for the most vulnerable micarAens.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The effectiveness fo the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six hsomnt as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. tWhi mayn people anxiously wondering how oson   ", "scrambled": "The effectiveness fo the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six hsomnt as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. tWhi mayn people anxiously wondering how oson they can get another shot, SU health officials are now considering thneora round fo tnvbaeil boosters for the most vulnerable micarAens.", "original": "The effectiveness of the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six months as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. With many people anxiously wondering how soon they can get another shot, US health officials are now considering another round of bivalent boosters for the most vulnerable Americans.", "recovered": "The effectiveness fo the Covid-19 vaccines fades after six hsomnt as levels of neutralizing antibodies in the blood fall, studies show. tWhi mayn people anxiously wondering how oson"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The event is often frrereed to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This reya, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the late designer alKr rdealgeLf.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The event is often frrereed to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This reya, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the late designer alKr rdealgeLf.\n", "scrambled": "The event is often frrereed to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This reya, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the late designer alKr rdealgeLf.", "original": "The event is often referred to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This year, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Karl,\u201d a tribute to the late designer Karl Lagerfeld.", "recovered": "The event is often frrereed to as \u201cFashion\u2019s Biggest Night.\u201d This reya, the theme was \u201cIn honor of Klar,\u201d a tribute to the late designer alKr rdealgeLf."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The face coverings are made fo VU-isrntteas material and are designed to tcepotr the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from uns exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up ot the Tall sTale newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The face coverings are made fo VU-isrntteas material and are designed to tcepotr the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from uns exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up ot    ", "scrambled": "The face coverings are made fo VU-isrntteas material and are designed to tcepotr the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from uns exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up ot the Tall sTale newsletter.", "original": "The face coverings are made of UV-resistant material and are designed to protect the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from sun exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The face coverings are made fo VU-isrntteas material and are designed to tcepotr the wearer\u2019s head, face and neck from uns exposure. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up ot"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The figure is up 15 sptoni from 51% in April, according to polling from ooGvuY. Only 17% fo British adults have a favourable view of het group Just Stop ilO, which sha disrupted several major sporting events this smemru.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The figure is up 15 sptoni from 51% in April, according to polling from ooGvuY. Only 17% fo British adults have a favourable view of het group Just Stop ilO, which sha disrupted seve  ", "scrambled": "The figure is up 15 sptoni from 51% in April, according to polling from ooGvuY. Only 17% fo British adults have a favourable view of het group Just Stop ilO, which sha disrupted several major sporting events this smemru.", "original": "The figure is up 15 points from 51% in April, according to polling from YouGov. Only 17% of British adults have a favourable view of the group Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted several major sporting events this summer.", "recovered": "The figure is up 15 sptoni from 51% in April, according to polling from ooGvuY. Only 17% fo British adults have a favourable view of het group Just Stop ilO, which sha disrupted seve"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh final etvo to end the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared the House elreair this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The final etvo to end the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared the Hou ", "scrambled": "eTh final etvo to end the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared the House elreair this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "original": "The final vote to end the Covid-19 emergency declared by then-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint resolution, which cleared the House earlier this year, now heads to President Joe Biden\u2019s desk.", "recovered": "The final etvo to end the ioCdv-19 emergency daedrcel by hent-President Donald Trump in March of 2020 was overwhelmingly bipartisan, 68-23. The joint nteiloruso, which cleared the Hou"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The firms ewer also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lsto wages to 63,000 fftas, following investigations by HMRC dating back ot 2017. M&S, WHSmith and oAgrs all said the abceersh were unintentional and had eebn swiftly remedied.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The firms ewer also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lsto wages to 63,000 fftas, following investigations by HMRC dating back ot 2017. M&S, WHSmith and oAgrs all said  ", "scrambled": "The firms ewer also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lsto wages to 63,000 fftas, following investigations by HMRC dating back ot 2017. M&S, WHSmith and oAgrs all said the abceersh were unintentional and had eebn swiftly remedied.", "original": "The firms were also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lost wages to 63,000 staff, following investigations by HMRC dating back to 2017. M&S, WHSmith and Argos all said the breaches were unintentional and had been swiftly remedied.", "recovered": "The firms ewer also ordered to repay a total of around \u00a35 million in lsto wages to 63,000 fftas, following investigations by HMRC dating back ot 2017. M&S, WHSmith and oAgrs all said"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place no 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site fo ngdnlEa\u2019s 1966 lodWr Cup oyvrcti, eht 1985 Live Adi concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory ni the Women\u2019s Euros last year.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " heT first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place no 28 April 1923.\n", "scrambled": "heT first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place no 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site fo ngdnlEa\u2019s 1966 lodWr Cup oyvrcti, eht 1985 Live Adi concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory ni the Women\u2019s Euros last year.", "original": "The first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place on 28 April 1923. During its century-long history, Wembley has been the site of England\u2019s 1966 World Cup victory, the 1985 Live Aid concert and the Lionesses\u2019 victory in the Women\u2019s Euros last year.", "recovered": "heT first football match at what was then called the Empire Stadium took place no 28 April 1923."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The first olrlre coaster in America opened no noyCe Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The first olrlre coaster in America opened no noyCe Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.\n", "scrambled": "The first olrlre coaster in America opened no noyCe Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "original": "The first roller coaster in America opened on Coney Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884.", "recovered": "The first olrlre coaster in America opened no noyCe Island, in Brooklyn, New York, in 1884."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The flag, created yb activist Ben Haith, onrfeud of het lntaNioa Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, sha a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star taSte of Texas as well sa the freedom of African Americans in lla 50 states.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The flag, created yb activist Ben Haith, onrfeud of het lntaNioa Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, sha a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star taSte of Texas as well    ", "scrambled": "The flag, created yb activist Ben Haith, onrfeud of het lntaNioa Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, sha a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star taSte of Texas as well sa the freedom of African Americans in lla 50 states.", "original": "The flag, created by activist Ben Haith, founder of the National Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, has a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star State of Texas as well as the freedom of African Americans in all 50 states.", "recovered": "The flag, created yb activist Ben Haith, onrfeud of het lntaNioa Juneteenth Celebration Foundation, sha a white star in the middle representing the Lone Star taSte of Texas as well"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The orermf health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola etrougnS as leader of hte Scottish National Party, aetfr Ash Regan was eliminated ni het first-round ballot of party bmmeesr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The orermf health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola etrougnS as leader of hte Scottish National Party, aetfr Ash Regan was eliminated ni het first-round  ", "scrambled": "The orermf health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola etrougnS as leader of hte Scottish National Party, aetfr Ash Regan was eliminated ni het first-round ballot of party bmmeesr.", "original": "The former health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola Sturgeon as leader of the Scottish National Party, after Ash Regan was eliminated in the first-round ballot of party members.", "recovered": "The orermf health secretary beat rival Kate Forbes in the battle to replace Nicola etrougnS as leader of hte Scottish National Party, aetfr Ash Regan was eliminated ni het first-round"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The oefmrr prime minister is contesting eth bill fro scots incurred at Chevening House ni Kent during her retneu sa foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include oodf, ewin and nmigsis items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to ciflafoi government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The oefmrr prime minister is contesting eth bill fro scots incurred at Chevening House ni Kent during her retneu sa foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include oodf, ewin and nmig ", "scrambled": "The oefmrr prime minister is contesting eth bill fro scots incurred at Chevening House ni Kent during her retneu sa foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include oodf, ewin and nmigsis items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to ciflafoi government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.", "original": "The former prime minister is contesting the bill for costs incurred at Chevening House in Kent during her tenure as foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include food, wine and missing items, but Truss says the vast majority of the invoice relates to official government business, for which she would not be liable, rather than personal expenses.", "recovered": "The oefmrr prime minister is contesting eth bill fro scots incurred at Chevening House ni Kent during her retneu sa foreign secretary. The costs reportedly include oodf, ewin and nmig"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh tangi rasskh were much warmer blooded than hrtoe similar escpsei, according ot new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide scelu about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The tangi rasskh were much warmer blooded than hrtoe similar escpsei, according ot new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide scelu about what caused the megalodon to go  ", "scrambled": "eTh tangi rasskh were much warmer blooded than hrtoe similar escpsei, according ot new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide scelu about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.", "original": "The giant sharks were much warmer blooded than other similar species, according to new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide clues about what caused the megalodon to go extinct more than three millions years ago.", "recovered": "The tangi rasskh were much warmer blooded than hrtoe similar escpsei, according ot new analysis of teeth fossils. The findings may provide scelu about what caused the megalodon to go"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT government missed ayMond\u2019s ldideena to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp sgasesem, because the former prime itrmsine was said ot have forgotten the passcode rof his old phone. A spokesperson for the efmrro ierpm minister iads Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, na expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Syk News it swa a \u201cpretty amel excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The government missed ayMond\u2019s ldideena to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp sgasesem, because the former prime itrmsine was said ot have forgotten the passcode rof his old phoneT", "scrambled": "ehT government missed ayMond\u2019s ldideena to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp sgasesem, because the former prime itrmsine was said ot have forgotten the passcode rof his old phone. A spokesperson for the efmrro ierpm minister iads Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, na expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Syk News it swa a \u201cpretty amel excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "original": "The government missed Monday\u2019s deadline to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp messages, because the former prime minister was said to have forgotten the passcode for his old phone. A spokesperson for the former prime minister said Johnson wishes to cooperate with the inquiry. Andrew Whaley, an expert in cybersecurity, dismissed Johnson\u2019s passcode claim, telling Sky News it was a \u201cpretty lame excuse\u201d and that \u201caccessing the data would take minutes\u201d.", "recovered": "The government missed ayMond\u2019s ldideena to hand over Boris Johnson\u2019s WhatsApp sgasesem, because the former prime itrmsine was said ot have forgotten the passcode rof his old phoneT"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT giegunss meag began last week when eth book appeared no multiple keoblorels btwieses under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. tBu biupglnish house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about het K-pop boyband and will eb published ni July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " ehT giegunss meag began last week when eth book appeared no multiple keoblorels btwieses under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. tBu biupglnish house Flatiron Book  ", "scrambled": "ehT giegunss meag began last week when eth book appeared no multiple keoblorels btwieses under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. tBu biupglnish house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about het K-pop boyband and will eb published ni July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "original": "The guessing game began last week when the book appeared on multiple bookseller websites under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. But publishing house Flatiron Books has solved the mystery by revealing that the eagerly anticipated release is about the K-pop boyband and will be published in July under the title Beyond the Story: 10-Year Record of BTS.", "recovered": "ehT giegunss meag began last week when eth book appeared no multiple keoblorels btwieses under the name 4C Untitled Flatiron Nonfiction Summer 2023. tBu biupglnish house Flatiron Book"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin thta the Canary island\u2019s oersstr had obmeec overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from hte UK nda should eb focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cowh spend more hnwe they are here\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin thta the Canary island\u2019s oersstr had obmeec overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from hte  ", "scrambled": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin thta the Canary island\u2019s oersstr had obmeec overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from hte UK nda should eb focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cowh spend more hnwe they are here\u201d.", "original": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a tourism trade fair in Berlin that the Canary island\u2019s resorts had become overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from the UK and should be focusing on visitors from Germany, \u201cwho spend more when they are here\u201d.", "recovered": "The head of Lanzarote\u2019s local government told a rosimut trade fair in Berlin thta the Canary island\u2019s oersstr had obmeec overly reliant on \u201cmass market\u201d holidaymakers from hte"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The historic Crooked House, ni the laligev of Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 years of trading, after being sold ot a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The historic Crooked House, ni the laligev of Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 years of trading, after being sold ot a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.\n", "scrambled": "The historic Crooked House, ni the laligev of Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 years of trading, after being sold ot a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.", "original": "The historic Crooked House, in the village of Himley, has called time following 192 years of trading, after being sold to a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d.", "recovered": "The historic Crooked House, ni the laligev of Himley, sha llcdae time following 192 years of trading, after being sold ot a private buyer \u201cfor alternative use\u201d."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The indictment smeak Trump the first ex-president in SU oshyrti to face criminal charges. The case against mhi centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma made ot adult film star Stormy Daniels gdruin the final days of het 2016 presidential campaign.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The indictment smeak Trump the first ex-president in SU oshyrti to face criminal charges. The case against mhi centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma made ot adult film st ", "scrambled": "The indictment smeak Trump the first ex-president in SU oshyrti to face criminal charges. The case against mhi centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma made ot adult film star Stormy Daniels gdruin the final days of het 2016 presidential campaign.", "original": "The indictment makes Trump the first ex-president in US history to face criminal charges. The case against him centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) payment made to adult film star Stormy Daniels during the final days of the 2016 presidential campaign.", "recovered": "The indictment smeak Trump the first ex-president in SU oshyrti to face criminal charges. The case against mhi centres on an alleged $130,000 (\u00a3105,000) ypetnma made ot adult film st"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The journalist and rotauh is suing eth eromrf president for battery and defamation, ailinmcg he raped her in a department otesr changing room in 1996 dna then denied it years later. Trump denies het charges and is not expected ot appear in court.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The journalist and rotauh is suing eth eromrf president for battery and defamation, ailinmcg he raped her in a department otesr changing room in 1996 dna then denied it years later.   ", "scrambled": "The journalist and rotauh is suing eth eromrf president for battery and defamation, ailinmcg he raped her in a department otesr changing room in 1996 dna then denied it years later. Trump denies het charges and is not expected ot appear in court.", "original": "The journalist and author is suing the former president for battery and defamation, claiming he raped her in a department store changing room in 1996 and then denied it years later. Trump denies the charges and is not expected to appear in court.", "recovered": "The journalist and rotauh is suing eth eromrf president for battery and defamation, ailinmcg he raped her in a department otesr changing room in 1996 dna then denied it years later."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: heT dnkarlma ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo sought the right ot \u201ca quiet life\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling tgieifhnl in the northern city of Brescia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " heT dnkarlma ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo sought the right ot \u201ca quiet life\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling tgieifh ", "scrambled": "heT dnkarlma ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo sought the right ot \u201ca quiet life\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling tgieifhnl in the northern city of Brescia.", "original": "The landmark ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which the couple sought the right to \u201ca quiet life\u201d and \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling nightlife in the northern city of Brescia.", "recovered": "heT dnkarlma ruling concludes a 10-year legal case in which eth cluepo sought the right ot \u201ca quiet life\u201d dan \u201crest\u201d at their home in Carmine, a district with bustling tgieifh"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The last passenger rescued hda nebe upside down for mreo than three hours after eth ride dlleast. The ride has ebne temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The last passenger rescued hda nebe upside down for mreo than three hours after eth ride dlleast. The ride has ebne temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ord ", "scrambled": "The last passenger rescued hda nebe upside down for mreo than three hours after eth ride dlleast. The ride has ebne temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.", "original": "The last passenger rescued had been upside down for more than three hours after the ride stalled. The ride has been temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ordeal.", "recovered": "The last passenger rescued hda nebe upside down for mreo than three hours after eth ride dlleast. The ride has ebne temporarily closed while authorities investigate the terrifying ord"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The latest victory puts Man City otnij with Aston Villa for total AF Cup title wins. heT drecor orf the most nwis is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed yb Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and toahnemTt (all on 8).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The latest victory puts Man City otnij with Aston Villa for total AF Cup title wins. heT drecor orf the most nwis is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed yb Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, at  ", "scrambled": "The latest victory puts Man City otnij with Aston Villa for total AF Cup title wins. heT drecor orf the most nwis is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed yb Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and toahnemTt (all on 8).", "original": "The latest victory puts Man City joint with Aston Villa for total FA Cup title wins. The record for the most wins is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed by Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham (all on 8).", "recovered": "The latest victory puts Man City otnij with Aston Villa for total AF Cup title wins. heT drecor orf the most nwis is held be Arsenal, at 14, followed yb Man Utd (12), and Chelsea, at"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The layoffs at eDsyni are tes to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger sdai this week.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The layoffs at eDsyni are tes to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger sdai this week.\n", "scrambled": "The layoffs at eDsyni are tes to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger sdai this week.", "original": "The layoffs at Disney are set to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger said this week.", "recovered": "The layoffs at eDsyni are tes to impact about 7,000 jobs, CEO Bob Iger sdai this week."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ieulrse and ophtlsatiyi industry is struggling to vecrero all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, tceern data from hte Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. hsTi sector sah the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% fo the ttlao pre-pandemic workforce.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ieulrse and ophtlsatiyi industry is struggling to vecrero all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, tceern data from hte Bureau of Labor Statistics shows.\n", "scrambled": "The ieulrse and ophtlsatiyi industry is struggling to vecrero all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, tceern data from hte Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. hsTi sector sah the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% fo the ttlao pre-pandemic workforce.", "original": "The leisure and hospitality industry is struggling to recover all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows. This sector has the biggest shortage of workers, down 349,000 people, or 2% of the total pre-pandemic workforce.", "recovered": "The ieulrse and ophtlsatiyi industry is struggling to vecrero all the workers it lost due to the pandemic, tceern data from hte Bureau of Labor Statistics shows."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The lifting fo Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-lod section fo the US code known as Title 8, ihchw Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned ulwdo carry \u201cmore severe\u201d scqunseneoce fro migrants found to eb entering eth country unlawfully.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The lifting fo Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-lod section fo the US code known as Title 8, ihchw Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has\n", "scrambled": "The lifting fo Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-lod section fo the US code known as Title 8, ihchw Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned ulwdo carry \u201cmore severe\u201d scqunseneoce fro migrants found to eb entering eth country unlawfully.", "original": "The lifting of Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-old section of the US code known as Title 8, which Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has warned would carry \u201cmore severe\u201d consequences for migrants found to be entering the country unlawfully.", "recovered": "The lifting fo Title 42 means that the US government will return to a decades-lod section fo the US code known as Title 8, ihchw Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas has"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a state fo emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a state fo emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.\n", "scrambled": "The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a state fo emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.", "original": "The majority of California\u2019s counties were under a state of emergency due to excessive rain and flooding.", "recovered": "The majority of California\u2019s uoitecns reew under a state fo emergency due to excessive rain and flooding."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in niiaSreb rotpaefsmr since the last Ice gAe. It asw unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from teh northeastern Arctic in 2002.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " hTe microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in niiaSreb rotpaefsmr since the last Ice gAe. It asw unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from teh northeas  ", "scrambled": "hTe microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in niiaSreb rotpaefsmr since the last Ice gAe. It asw unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from teh northeastern Arctic in 2002.", "original": "The microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in Siberian permafrost since the last Ice Age. It was unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from the northeastern Arctic in 2002.", "recovered": "hTe microscopic roundworm, or nematode, had lain dormant in niiaSreb rotpaefsmr since the last Ice gAe. It asw unearthed from a fossilised squirrel burrow extracted from teh northeas"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: eTh missing section dates kcba almost 1,500 years and is one of het earliest translations of eth Gospels, according ot scientists who used ultraviolet photography to idnf the cahtepr hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican yiarLrb.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " eTh missing section dates kcba almost 1,500 years and is one of het earliest translations of eth Gospels, according ot scientists who used ultraviolet photography to idnf the cahtepr  ", "scrambled": "eTh missing section dates kcba almost 1,500 years and is one of het earliest translations of eth Gospels, according ot scientists who used ultraviolet photography to idnf the cahtepr hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican yiarLrb.", "original": "The missing section dates back almost 1,500 years and is one of the earliest translations of the Gospels, according to scientists who used ultraviolet photography to find the chapter hidden beneath three layers of text on a manuscript in the Vatican Library.", "recovered": "eTh missing section dates kcba almost 1,500 years and is one of het earliest translations of eth Gospels, according ot scientists who used ultraviolet photography to idnf the cahtepr"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The new Covid-19 vsncciae, which should be ready by the end of etmpbeSer, will be dmea available directly ofmr the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through het SU government.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The new Covid-19 vsncciae, which should be ready by the end of etmpbeSer, will be dmea available directly ofmr the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through het SU g ", "scrambled": "The new Covid-19 vsncciae, which should be ready by the end of etmpbeSer, will be dmea available directly ofmr the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through het SU government.", "original": "The new Covid-19 vaccines, which should be ready by the end of September, will be made available directly from the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through the US government.", "recovered": "The new Covid-19 vsncciae, which should be ready by the end of etmpbeSer, will be dmea available directly ofmr the manufacturers on the commercial market, rather than through het SU g"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The newly announced stca of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat rldwo of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai Turner, Claire ohrsRbkuo, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "The newly announced stca of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat rldwo of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai Turner, Claire ohrsRbkuo  T", "scrambled": "The newly announced stca of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat rldwo of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai Turner, Claire ohrsRbkuo, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.", "original": "The newly announced cast of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat world of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 also includes Aidan Turner, Claire Rushbrook, Oliver Chris and Emily Atack.", "recovered": "The newly announced stca of the upcoming eight-part series \u2013 set in the cut-throat rldwo of independent television in 1980s England \u2013 soal isulecdn ndAai Turner, Claire ohrsRbkuo  T"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The loi and gas company has eben accused of a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d after making alnueivetq to \u00a3986 per second in teh first quarter of 2023, as households struggle ihwt a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP ihst week announced profits of \u00a34bn for eth same period.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The loi and gas company has eben accused of a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d after making alnueivetq to \u00a3986 per second in teh first quarter of 2023, as households struggle ihwt a cost-  ", "scrambled": "The loi and gas company has eben accused of a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d after making alnueivetq to \u00a3986 per second in teh first quarter of 2023, as households struggle ihwt a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP ihst week announced profits of \u00a34bn for eth same period.", "original": "The oil and gas company has been accused of a \u201cprofiteering bonanza\u201d after making equivalent to \u00a3986 per second in the first quarter of 2023, as households struggle with a cost-of-living crisis largely driven by inflated energy bills. BP this week announced profits of \u00a34bn for the same period.", "recovered": "The loi and gas company has eben accused of a \u201cetgofneiprri anzoanb\u201d after making alnueivetq to \u00a3986 per second in teh first quarter of 2023, as households struggle ihwt a cost-"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The operator of eth bus outre, which iartemetns at the Polish eeissda troser of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more ddo and unexpected news, sign up ot the Tall Tales nlestwreet.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The operator of eth bus outre, which iartemetns at the Polish eeissda troser of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more ddo and unexpected   ", "scrambled": "The operator of eth bus outre, which iartemetns at the Polish eeissda troser of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more ddo and unexpected news, sign up ot the Tall Tales nlestwreet.", "original": "The operator of the bus route, which terminates at the Polish seaside resort of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The operator of eth bus outre, which iartemetns at the Polish eeissda troser of Hel, is making the name change following pressure from religious groups. For more ddo and unexpected"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT owls have been named Axl, rtefa frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of eth band\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben found under eht stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to het Tall Tales enttrelsew.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " ehT owls have been named Axl, rtefa frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of eth band\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben found under eht stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festiva ", "scrambled": "ehT owls have been named Axl, rtefa frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of eth band\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben found under eht stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to het Tall Tales enttrelsew.", "original": "The owls have been named Axl, after frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of the band\u2019s guitarist, after being found under the stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festival. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "ehT owls have been named Axl, rtefa frontman Axl Rose, and Slash, in honour of eth band\u2019s iagusttri, raeft giben found under eht stage during the band\u2019s headline set at the festiva"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The party\u2019s current anslgo, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was etncuddiro in March. Recent YouGov polling found atht almost half of nsortBi think Starmer has fdiael to set tuo a clear vision for the party ni ish three years as leader.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The party\u2019s current anslgo, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was etncuddiro in March. Recent YouGov polling found atht almost half of nsortBi think Starmer has fdiael to set tuo a clea ", "scrambled": "The party\u2019s current anslgo, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was etncuddiro in March. Recent YouGov polling found atht almost half of nsortBi think Starmer has fdiael to set tuo a clear vision for the party ni ish three years as leader.", "original": "The party\u2019s current slogan, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was introduced in March. Recent YouGov polling found that almost half of Britons think Starmer has failed to set out a clear vision for the party in his three years as leader.", "recovered": "The party\u2019s current anslgo, \u201cBuild a better Britain\u201d, was etncuddiro in March. Recent YouGov polling found atht almost half of nsortBi think Starmer has fdiael to set tuo a clea"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze wtdaohgc over nlaeitlgoas fo a possible flruiea ot declare shares held by shi wife in a childcare agency ootbesd by the ecrnte Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny vero issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and shi dog-walking habits.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze wtdaohgc over nlaeitlgoas fo a possible flruiea ot declare shares held by shi wife in a childcare agency ootbesd by   ", "scrambled": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze wtdaohgc over nlaeitlgoas fo a possible flruiea ot declare shares held by shi wife in a childcare agency ootbesd by the ecrnte Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny vero issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and shi dog-walking habits.", "original": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze watchdog over allegations of a possible failure to declare shares held by his wife in a childcare agency boosted by the recent Budget. Sunak has also faced scrutiny over issues including his wife\u2019s non-dom tax status, his US green card and his dog-walking habits.", "recovered": "The prime minister is under investigation by Parliament\u2019s sleaze wtdaohgc over nlaeitlgoas fo a possible flruiea ot declare shares held by shi wife in a childcare agency ootbesd by"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for binlaerceots in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do bdarao, men penst an egavear of \u00a31,256, while nmewo forked uto \u00a31,158.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for binlaerceots in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do bdarao, men penst an egavear of \u00a31,256, while nm  ", "scrambled": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for binlaerceots in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do bdarao, men penst an egavear of \u00a31,256, while nmewo forked uto \u00a31,158.", "original": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for celebrations in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do abroad, men spent an average of \u00a31,256, while women forked out \u00a31,158.", "recovered": "The research found that men spent \u00a3920 on average for binlaerceots in the UK, while women typically paid \u00a3652. For a stag or hen do bdarao, men penst an egavear of \u00a31,256, while nm"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The revised strategy ucdesnli dozens of measures nginarg mofr increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to istvening in anorbc capture and storage.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The revised strategy ucdesnli dozens of measures nginarg mofr increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to istvening in anorbc capture and storage.\n", "scrambled": "The revised strategy ucdesnli dozens of measures nginarg mofr increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to istvening in anorbc capture and storage.", "original": "The revised strategy includes dozens of measures ranging from increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to investing in carbon capture and storage.", "recovered": "The revised strategy ucdesnli dozens of measures nginarg mofr increasing UK wind, solar and nuclear energy to istvening in anorbc capture and storage."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a cowrd fo 50,000 fans, ewdr criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to eht \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d efadc by lfdoo evacuees aren the wtors of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a cowrd fo 50,000 fans, ewdr criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to eht \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d ef  ", "scrambled": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a cowrd fo 50,000 fans, ewdr criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to eht \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d efadc by lfdoo evacuees aren the wtors of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "original": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a crowd of 50,000 fans, drew criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to the \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d faced by flood evacuees near the worst of the disaster, merely 30 miles away.", "recovered": "The rock star\u2019s concert in Ferrara, with a cowrd fo 50,000 fans, ewdr criticism from a local councillor who deemed it insensitive to eht \u201cpain, desperation, and difficulties\u201d ef"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The rules would require ticclere vehicles to account rof pu to two-thirds of new scra sold in the US yb 2032 in what odlwu be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies tye.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The rules would require ticclere vehicles to account rof pu to two-thirds of new scra sold in the US yb 2032 in what odlwu be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive clima ", "scrambled": "The rules would require ticclere vehicles to account rof pu to two-thirds of new scra sold in the US yb 2032 in what odlwu be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies tye.", "original": "The rules would require electric vehicles to account for up to two-thirds of new cars sold in the US by 2032 in what would be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive climate-change policies yet.", "recovered": "The rules would require ticclere vehicles to account rof pu to two-thirds of new scra sold in the US yb 2032 in what odlwu be one of the Biden administration\u2019s most aggressive clima"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ixs-part show, hosted yb Anna dRchisnoar, features adults removing their ctesolh in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from sveiwer and Conservative MPs.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The ixs-part show, hosted yb Anna dRchisnoar, features adults removing their ctesolh in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from sveiwer and Conservative MPs.\n", "scrambled": "The ixs-part show, hosted yb Anna dRchisnoar, features adults removing their ctesolh in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from sveiwer and Conservative MPs.", "original": "The six-part show, hosted by Anna Richardson, features adults removing their clothes in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from viewers and Conservative MPs.", "recovered": "The ixs-part show, hosted yb Anna dRchisnoar, features adults removing their ctesolh in front of teenagers, sparking criticism from sveiwer and Conservative MPs."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by elta druglord Poabl Escobar. Warnings atht they eops a suireos threat to humans and other wildlife ahve intensified after a wen census found atth the invasive opihp population has expanded to up to 215.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by elta druglord Poabl Escobar. Warnings atht they eops a suireos threat to humans and other wildlife ah ", "scrambled": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by elta druglord Poabl Escobar. Warnings atht they eops a suireos threat to humans and other wildlife ahve intensified after a wen census found atth the invasive opihp population has expanded to up to 215.", "original": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by late druglord Pablo Escobar. Warnings that they pose a serious threat to humans and other wildlife have intensified after a new census found that the invasive hippo population has expanded to up to 215.", "recovered": "The so-called \u201ccocaine hippos\u201d are descendants of four brought to Colombia by elta druglord Poabl Escobar. Warnings atht they eops a suireos threat to humans and other wildlife ah"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The start fo the singer\u2019s world tour ni comoSthkl tsla month triggered a spike in demand ta hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-tdxeeecp inflation fo 9.7% in May. orF more odd and unexpected news, sign up to eth Tall Tales newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The start fo the singer\u2019s world tour ni comoSthkl tsla month triggered a spike in demand ta hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-tdxeeecp inflation fo 9.7%  ", "scrambled": "The start fo the singer\u2019s world tour ni comoSthkl tsla month triggered a spike in demand ta hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-tdxeeecp inflation fo 9.7% in May. orF more odd and unexpected news, sign up to eth Tall Tales newsletter.", "original": "The start of the singer\u2019s world tour in Stockholm last month triggered a spike in demand at hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-expected inflation of 9.7% in May. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "The start fo the singer\u2019s world tour ni comoSthkl tsla month triggered a spike in demand ta hotels and restaurants that has now been linked to higher-than-tdxeeecp inflation fo 9.7%"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ehT storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with het most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to saofiflci. At least four dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen moved across the state and knocked out power for tuabo 20,000 homes and businesses.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with het most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to saofiflci.\n", "scrambled": "ehT storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with het most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to saofiflci. At least four dnmeiorcf sdtoraoen moved across the state and knocked out power for tuabo 20,000 homes and businesses.", "original": "The storms were reported across Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with the most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to officials. At least four confirmed tornadoes moved across the state and knocked out power for about 20,000 homes and businesses.", "recovered": "The storms were reported rsocsa Oklahoma, Kansas and Iowa, with het most damage reported in Oklahoma, according to saofiflci."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The stumping yb Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket eruls, the move was not ni eth \u201cspirit of het game\u201d. iCcrsti lndncuigi Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to lsooeagip, while the rival team complained fo \u201caggressive nda abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members gfnloilwo Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s cdneos Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The stumping yb Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket eruls, the move was not ni eth \u201cspirit of het game\u201d. iCcrsti lndnc ", "scrambled": "The stumping yb Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket eruls, the move was not ni eth \u201cspirit of het game\u201d. iCcrsti lndncuigi Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to lsooeagip, while the rival team complained fo \u201caggressive nda abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members gfnloilwo Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s cdneos Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.", "original": "The stumping by Australia\u2019s Alex Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket rules, the move was not in the \u201cspirit of the game\u201d. Critics including Geoffrey Boycott have called on Australia to apologise, while the rival team complained of \u201caggressive and abusive\u201d behaviour by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) members following Bairstow\u2019s dismissal in Sunday\u2019s second Ashes Test at Lord\u2019s.", "recovered": "The stumping yb Australia\u2019s Axel Carey triggered uproar among fans, who argued that while allowed under cricket eruls, the move was not ni eth \u201cspirit of het game\u201d. iCcrsti lndnc"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The stunning collapse of two American nsakb \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and ntaigureS Bank \u2013 edl to ldiw market swings after nraaigml Wall Street investors.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The stunning collapse of two American nsakb \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and ntaigureS Bank \u2013 edl to ldiw market swings after nraaigml Wall Street investors.\n", "scrambled": "The stunning collapse of two American nsakb \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and ntaigureS Bank \u2013 edl to ldiw market swings after nraaigml Wall Street investors.", "original": "The stunning collapse of two American banks \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank \u2013 led to wild market swings after alarming Wall Street investors.", "recovered": "The stunning collapse of two American nsakb \u2013 Silicon Valley Bank and ntaigureS Bank \u2013 edl to ldiw market swings after nraaigml Wall Street investors."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe survey fo 22,000 adults in 29 countries found ttah Brits had the third most oitpesvi attitude to refugees, after Spain nda New Zealand. The global average of dusalt who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d asw 45%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The survey fo 22,000 adults in 29 countries found ttah Brits had the third most oitpesvi attitude to refugees, after Spain nda New Zealand. The global average of dusalt who believe   ", "scrambled": "hTe survey fo 22,000 adults in 29 countries found ttah Brits had the third most oitpesvi attitude to refugees, after Spain nda New Zealand. The global average of dusalt who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d asw 45%.", "original": "The survey of 22,000 adults in 29 countries found that Brits had the third most positive attitude to refugees, after Spain and New Zealand. The global average of adults who believe refugees make a \u201cpositive contribution\u201d was 45%.", "recovered": "The survey fo 22,000 adults in 29 countries found ttah Brits had the third most oitpesvi attitude to refugees, after Spain nda New Zealand. The global average of dusalt who believe"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout fo control\u201d ratcfiliai intelligence race. ehT letter iads AI labs are rushing to eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre powerful digital minds that no oen \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can reanudnsdt, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout fo control\u201d ratcfiliai intelligence race. ehT letter iads AI labs are rushing to eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre powerful digital   ", "scrambled": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout fo control\u201d ratcfiliai intelligence race. ehT letter iads AI labs are rushing to eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre powerful digital minds that no oen \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can reanudnsdt, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.", "original": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout of control\u201d artificial intelligence race. The letter said AI labs are rushing to develop and deploy \u201cever more powerful digital minds that no one \u2013 not even their creators \u2013 can understand, predict, or reliably control.\u201d.", "recovered": "The tech leaders called for a pause in the \u201cout fo control\u201d ratcfiliai intelligence race. ehT letter iads AI labs are rushing to eedvopl and deploy \u201creve omre powerful digital"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. A 76-year-odl man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied tou of loonctr\u201d and ran into him, causing isresuo injuries. The actress, no the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. A 76-year-odl man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied tou of loonctr\u201d and ran into him, causing isresuo injurie ", "scrambled": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. A 76-year-odl man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied tou of loonctr\u201d and ran into him, causing isresuo injuries. The actress, no the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.", "original": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving Gwyneth Paltrow began this week. A 76-year-old man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied out of control\u201d and ran into him, causing serious injuries. The actress, on the other hand, filed a countersuit alleging the man ran into her.", "recovered": "The trial over a 2016 skiing accident involving wyGhten Paltrow neabg hits week. A 76-year-odl man alleges Paltrow \u201cskied tou of loonctr\u201d and ran into him, causing isresuo injurie"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, wlil ensd the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is ets to hanclu in October, AASN said.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, wlil ensd the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is ets to hanclu in October, AASN said.\n", "scrambled": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, wlil ensd the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is ets to hanclu in October, AASN said.", "original": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, will send the first NASA spacecraft designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is set to launch in October, NASA said.", "recovered": "The uncrewed endeavor, known as the Psyche mission, wlil ensd the first NASA tprcaeacsf designed to study a metallic asteroid. It is ets to hanclu in October, AASN said."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The unidentified debris is about het siez of a small car and was onudf dwhsea up on a remote beach omes 150 miles north fo Perth. ibrDes has eneb acrincgu in space around our planet since the rstfi rocket launches ni the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to teh European Space Agency (ESA).\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The unidentified debris is about het siez of a small car and was onudf dwhsea up on a remote beach omes 150 miles north fo Perth. ibrDes has eneb acrincgu in space around our planet i ", "scrambled": "The unidentified debris is about het siez of a small car and was onudf dwhsea up on a remote beach omes 150 miles north fo Perth. ibrDes has eneb acrincgu in space around our planet since the rstfi rocket launches ni the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to teh European Space Agency (ESA).", "original": "The unidentified debris is about the size of a small car and was found washed up on a remote beach some 150 miles north of Perth. Debris has been accruing in space around our planet since the first rocket launches in the late 1950s, with an estimated 36,500 objects greater than 10cm in near-Earth orbit, according to the European Space Agency (ESA).", "recovered": "The unidentified debris is about het siez of a small car and was onudf dwhsea up on a remote beach omes 150 miles north fo Perth. ibrDes has eneb acrincgu in space around our planet i"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The video attack ad aws created using artificial intelligence dan depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The video attack ad aws created using artificial intelligence dan depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz.\n", "scrambled": "The video attack ad aws created using artificial intelligence dan depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz.", "original": "The video attack ad was created using artificial intelligence and depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by disasters\u201d, said Quartz.", "recovered": "The video attack ad aws created using artificial intelligence dan depicts \u201ca second Biden term plagued by sissedart\u201d, dsia Quartz."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The ldwro\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according ot teh annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on ifel evaluations from the Gallup rdlWo Poll. The US, France, and Ireland idd not accrk the top 10.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on ifel evaluations from the Gallup Poll.\n", "scrambled": "The ldwro\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according ot teh annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on ifel evaluations from the Gallup rdlWo Poll. The US, France, and Ireland idd not accrk the top 10.", "original": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on life evaluations from the Gallup World Poll. The US, France, and Ireland did not crack the top 10.", "recovered": "The world\u2019s happiest country is Finland, according to the annual World Happiness Report, which ranks countries based largely on ifel evaluations from the Gallup Poll."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, ahs recently ldeif for bankruptcy ni eht SU. This turn of events marks a significant lownlfad, ercsnndioig that ti saw once valued at ryalen $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode fo \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, ahs recently ldeif for bankruptcy ni eht SU. This turn of events marks   ", "scrambled": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, ahs recently ldeif for bankruptcy ni eht SU. This turn of events marks a significant lownlfad, ercsnndioig that ti saw once valued at ryalen $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode fo \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "original": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, has recently filed for bankruptcy in the US. This turn of events marks a significant downfall, considering that it was once valued at nearly $6 billion. Find out more on the latest episode of \u201cThe Week Unwrapped\u201d.", "recovered": "The youth-oriented news organisation, once hailed as one of the most exciting media start-ups in the industry, ahs recently ldeif for bankruptcy ni eht SU. This turn of events marks"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Teh \u201cBarbie\u201d imveo, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest nnopgie weekend of 2023, inllgup in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 iinlolm globally.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Teh \u201cBarbie\u201d imveo, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest nnopgie weekend of 2023, inllgup in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 iinlolm globally ", "scrambled": "Teh \u201cBarbie\u201d imveo, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest nnopgie weekend of 2023, inllgup in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 iinlolm globally.", "original": "The \u201cBarbie\u201d movie, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest opening weekend of 2023, pulling in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 million globally.", "recovered": "Teh \u201cBarbie\u201d imveo, from director Greta Gerwig, scored the largest nnopgie weekend of 2023, inllgup in $155 million domestically over its opening weekend and $337 iinlolm globally"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: hTe \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures ni het future. Although the plan could be more sustainable tnah traditional construction, there are concerns about potential efir hazards. dnFi tuo more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " hTe \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures ni het future. dnFi tuo mo ", "scrambled": "hTe \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures ni het future. Although the plan could be more sustainable tnah traditional construction, there are concerns about potential efir hazards. dnFi tuo more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "original": "The \u201cworld\u2019s largest urban construction project in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures in the future. Although the plan could be more sustainable than traditional construction, there are concerns about potential fire hazards. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "hTe \u201cworld\u2019s largest rbuna construction cjoetrp in wood\u201d will be built in Stockholm, announced Sweden, which could pave the way for similar structures ni het future. dnFi tuo mo"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: There were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in hte lagF Resolution of nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " There were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in hte lagF Resolution of nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.\n", "scrambled": "There were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in hte lagF Resolution of nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "original": "There were 13 stars and 13 stripes on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in the Flag Resolution of June 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day.", "recovered": "There were 13 ratss nda 13 sseptri on the first US flag to represent the 13 original states, as declared in hte lagF Resolution of nJeu 14, 1777 \u2013 a day now known as Flag Day."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: This eekw, Senate Majority Leader Chuck mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo toward ecnirhld no social media.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " This eekw, Senate Majority Leader Chuck mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo toward ecnirhld  ", "scrambled": "This eekw, Senate Majority Leader Chuck mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo toward ecnirhld no social media.", "original": "This week, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said the FDA should investigate the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing efforts toward children on social media.", "recovered": "This eekw, Senate Majority Leader Chuck mShucer said the FDA should vingeetsati the high caffeine content in Prime Energy drinks and the company\u2019s marketing rftsfeo toward ecnirhld"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: masTho Jefferson nda John sdAam died within hours fo each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " masTho Jefferson nda John sdAam died within hours fo each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.\n", "scrambled": "masTho Jefferson nda John sdAam died within hours fo each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "original": "Thomas Jefferson and John Adams died within hours of each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90.", "recovered": "masTho Jefferson nda John sdAam died within hours fo each other on July 4, 1826. Jefferson was 83 and Adams was 90."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Thousands fo desks were set up along eth iconic aneuev before participants took part in a series of spelling bees no Sunday. For more dod and unexpected news, sign up to eht Tall sTael newsletter.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Thousands fo desks were set up along eth iconic aneuev before participants took part in a series of spelling bees no Sunday. For more dod and unexpected news, sign up to eht Tall sTae ", "scrambled": "Thousands fo desks were set up along eth iconic aneuev before participants took part in a series of spelling bees no Sunday. For more dod and unexpected news, sign up to eht Tall sTael newsletter.", "original": "Thousands of desks were set up along the iconic avenue before participants took part in a series of spelling bees on Sunday. For more odd and unexpected news, sign up to the Tall Tales newsletter.", "recovered": "Thousands fo desks were set up along eth iconic aneuev before participants took part in a series of spelling bees no Sunday. For more dod and unexpected news, sign up to eht Tall sTae"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named Buddy Holly became the first fo shi breed to win the prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt prize.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named Buddy Holly became the first fo shi breed to win the prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt priz  ", "scrambled": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named Buddy Holly became the first fo shi breed to win the prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt prize.", "original": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit basset griffon Vend\u00e9en named Buddy Holly became the first of his breed to win the prestigious contest\u2019s top prize.", "recovered": "Thousands of dogs participated in the Westminster Dog Show. A petit staebs griffon nenVd\u00e9e named Buddy Holly became the first fo shi breed to win the prestigious ntsoect\u2019s opt priz"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: reehT tJus Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d ta the praeo festival, in East Sussex. The cpemreranfo restarted after a 20-utinme delay following the removal of the activists, how erew not arrested.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " reehT tJus Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d ta the praeo festival, in East Sussex.\n", "scrambled": "reehT tJus Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d ta the praeo festival, in East Sussex. The cpemreranfo restarted after a 20-utinme delay following the removal of the activists, how erew not arrested.", "original": "Three Just Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d at the opera festival, in East Sussex. The performance restarted after a 20-minute delay following the removal of the activists, who were not arrested.", "recovered": "reehT tJus Stop Oil protesters interrupted a performance on Thursday of Francis Poulenc\u2019s \u201cDialogues des Carm\u00e9lites\u201d ta the praeo festival, in East Sussex."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Three McDonald\u2019s aefcrsneihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis for violating child labor laws after rdehcnli as young as 10 years old ewer found working etal at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Three McDonald\u2019s aefcrsneihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis for violating child labor laws after rdehcnli as young as 10 years old ewer found working etal at night \u2014 sometimes  T", "scrambled": "Three McDonald\u2019s aefcrsneihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis for violating child labor laws after rdehcnli as young as 10 years old ewer found working etal at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.", "original": "Three McDonald\u2019s franchisees in Kentucky are facing hefty fines for violating child labor laws after children as young as 10 years old were found working late at night \u2014 sometimes until 2 a.m.", "recovered": "Three McDonald\u2019s aefcrsneihs in ntkKeuyc are facing hefty fenis for violating child labor laws after rdehcnli as young as 10 years old ewer found working etal at night \u2014 sometimes  T"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: kokTTi OEC Shou Chew testified before Congress for hte first time. He received efrcie criticism from lawmakers, including lscal for the app to be banned.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " kokTTi OEC Shou Chew testified before Congress for hte first time. He received efrcie criticism from lawmakers, including lscal for the app to be banned.\n", "scrambled": "kokTTi OEC Shou Chew testified before Congress for hte first time. He received efrcie criticism from lawmakers, including lscal for the app to be banned.", "original": "TikTok CEO Shou Chew testified before Congress for the first time. He received fierce criticism from lawmakers, including calls for the app to be banned.", "recovered": "kokTTi OEC Shou Chew testified before Congress for hte first time. He received efrcie criticism from lawmakers, including lscal for the app to be banned."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content with het physical world.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content with het physical world.\n", "scrambled": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content with het physical world.", "original": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, the $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset blends digital content with the physical world.", "recovered": "Touted as the \u201cmost advanced personal electronic device ever\u201d, teh $3,499 (\u00a32,800) headset elbsnd gtiadil content with het physical world."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two types of cookies, iagsntt they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two types of cookies, iagsntt they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.\n", "scrambled": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two types of cookies, iagsntt they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.", "original": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a recall of two types of cookies, stating they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks.", "recovered": "Trader Joe\u2019s announced a lacelr fo two types of cookies, iagsntt they may contain a foreign material \u2014 rocks."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Tropical ceosna have become greener ni the past two decades, reflecting changes in hrite ecosystems that have more nkhpnytpotlao present.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": "Tropical ceosna have become greener ni the past two decades, reflecting changes in hrite ecosystems that have more nkhpnytpotlao present.\n", "scrambled": "Tropical ceosna have become greener ni the past two decades, reflecting changes in hrite ecosystems that have more nkhpnytpotlao present.", "original": "Tropical oceans have become greener in the past two decades, reflecting changes in their ecosystems that have more phytoplankton present.", "recovered": "Tropical ceosna have become greener ni the past two decades, reflecting changes in hrite ecosystems that have more nkhpnytpotlao present."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: rmTpu was handed ondw a third cntmdiietn siht ekew, and ctoipalli analysts ysa this one may be the smto consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement ni a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\n", "scrambled": "rmTpu was handed ondw a third cntmdiietn siht ekew, and ctoipalli analysts ysa this one may be the smto consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement ni a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.", "original": "Trump was handed down a third indictment this week, and political analysts say this one may be the most consequential. He was previously indicted for his involvement in a hush-money scheme before he became president and for the alleged mishandling of classified material after he left office.", "recovered": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in use for more anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl rebranding.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in use for more anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl rebranding.\n", "scrambled": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in use for more anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl rebranding.", "original": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized blue bird logo, which had been in use for more than a decade, as part of a radical rebranding.", "recovered": "Twitter is now X. Musk replaced Twitter\u2019s globally recognized uleb bird lgoo, which had been in use for more anht a decade, as part fo a aidarcl rebranding."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: ittreTw\u2019s traditional bird oicn was temporarily replaced with an geiam fo a Shiba Inu dog, na apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency htta CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " ittreTw\u2019s traditional bird oicn was temporarily replaced with an geiam fo a Shiba Inu dog, na apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency htta CEO Elon Musk is being sued over ", "scrambled": "ittreTw\u2019s traditional bird oicn was temporarily replaced with an geiam fo a Shiba Inu dog, na apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency htta CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traditional bird icon was temporarily replaced with an image of a Shiba Inu dog, an apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency that CEO Elon Musk is being sued over.", "recovered": "ittreTw\u2019s traditional bird oicn was temporarily replaced with an geiam fo a Shiba Inu dog, na apparent nod to dogecoin, the joke cryptocurrency htta CEO Elon Musk is being sued over"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app rhsTead, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after tis udebt.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app rhsTead, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after tis udebt.\n", "scrambled": "wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app rhsTead, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after tis udebt.", "original": "Twitter\u2019s traffic tanked following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app Threads, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after its debut.", "recovered": "wreTtit\u2019s traffic adntke following the launch of Meta\u2019s rival app rhsTead, which topped more than 100 million users within five days after tis udebt."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped by flooded tetessr.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped by flooded tetessr.\n", "scrambled": "Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped by flooded tetessr.", "original": "Typhoon Doksuri dumped an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking rescue missions for survivors trapped by flooded streets.", "recovered": "Typhoon Doksuri dupedm an entire month\u2019s worth of rainfall on Beijing in only 48 hours, sparking ureesc somissin ofr survivors trapped by flooded tetessr."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: UK house prices have adh ethir biggest annual fall in nearly 14 aseyr, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop ni May is the biggest since lJyu 2009, when house icsepr dropped by 6.2%.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " UK house prices have adh ethir biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop ni May is the biggest since lJyu 2009 ", "scrambled": "UK house prices have adh ethir biggest annual fall in nearly 14 aseyr, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop ni May is the biggest since lJyu 2009, when house icsepr dropped by 6.2%.", "original": "UK house prices have had their biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest mortgage lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop in May is the biggest since July 2009, when house prices dropped by 6.2%.", "recovered": "UK house prices have adh ethir biggest annual fall in nearly 14 years, according to Britain\u2019s largest aeotgrmg lender, Nationwide. The 3.4% drop ni May is the biggest since lJyu 2009"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Ukraine accused Moscow of ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d after the sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Ukraine accused Moscow of ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d after the sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato   ", "scrambled": "Ukraine accused Moscow of ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d after the sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and rebnlrsiepiso rhetoric\u201d.", "original": "Ukraine accused Moscow of holding Belarus \u201cas a nuclear hostage\u201d after the Russian president threatened to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato condemned his \u201cdangerous and irresponsible rhetoric\u201d.", "recovered": "Ukraine accused Moscow of ogdnhil Belarus \u201cas a nurecal hostage\u201d after the sansiRu etdsrnpie eeaehrntdt to station tactical nuclear weapons in the neighbouring nation, and Nato"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: inekUra\u2019s government viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging het US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a ecpae deal wthi Russia.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " inekUra\u2019s government viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging het US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there i", "scrambled": "inekUra\u2019s government viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging het US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a ecpae deal wthi Russia.", "original": "Ukraine\u2019s government invited Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to visit after he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging the US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there and calling for a peace deal with Russia.", "recovered": "inekUra\u2019s government viientd Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva to isvit fraet he caused consternation among Kyiv\u2019s Western allies by urging het US to \u201cstop encouraging the war\u201d there i"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Vietnam sha banned commercial screenings fo the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that sppreaa ot show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea ttah marks disputed territory. Fndi out more with eTh Week Unwrapped sctapdo.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Vietnam has banned commercial screenings for the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that sppreaa ot show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea ttah marks disput ", "scrambled": "Vietnam sha banned commercial screenings fo the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that sppreaa ot show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea ttah marks disputed territory. Fndi out more with eTh Week Unwrapped sctapdo.", "original": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings of the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that appears to show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea that marks disputed territory. Find out more with The Week Unwrapped podcast.", "recovered": "Vietnam has banned commercial screenings for the Barbie film, out on 21 July, over a map that sppreaa ot show Beijing\u2019s \u201cnine-dash line\u201d in the South China Sea ttah marks disput"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights urgndi a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. heT zoo lipoedoags for ahgnvi \u201coffended a nation\u201d following na outcry in ewN dlaZaen, where kiwis are a aetrdrseu national icon.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights urgndi a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience.\n", "scrambled": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights urgndi a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. heT zoo lipoedoags for ahgnvi \u201coffended a nation\u201d following na outcry in ewN dlaZaen, where kiwis are a aetrdrseu national icon.", "original": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights during a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience. The zoo apologised for having \u201coffended a nation\u201d following an outcry in New Zealand, where kiwis are a treasured national icon.", "recovered": "Viral footage showed visitors at Florida\u2019s Zoo Miami patting a kiwi, a nocturnal bird, under bright lights urgndi a $25 \u201cKiwi Encounter\u201d experience."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected ni omes passenger-seid airbags that anc switch the sensor off under certain conditions.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected ni omes passenger-seid airbags that anc switch the sensor off under certain conditions.\n", "scrambled": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected ni omes passenger-seid airbags that anc switch the sensor off under certain conditions.", "original": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs due to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected in some passenger-side airbags that can switch the sensor off under certain conditions.", "recovered": "Volkswagen is recalling 143,000 of its Atlas SUVs ude to a \u201csporadic\u201d issue detected ni omes passenger-seid airbags that anc switch the sensor off under certain conditions."}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Washington considered retirement after eon ertm, but associates implored imh to serve an additional four years in the face of geiermng political divisions ttah many feared would pull the gouyn country apart.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Washington considered retirement after eon ertm, but associates implored imh to serve an additional four years in the face of geiermng political divisions ttah many feared would pull   ", "scrambled": "Washington considered retirement after eon ertm, but associates implored imh to serve an additional four years in the face of geiermng political divisions ttah many feared would pull the gouyn country apart.", "original": "Washington considered retirement after one term, but associates implored him to serve an additional four years in the face of emerging political divisions that many feared would pull the young country apart.", "recovered": "Washington considered retirement after eon ertm, but associates implored imh to serve an additional four years in the face of geiermng political divisions ttah many feared would pull"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: Wells Fargo has agreed to ypa $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it fo defrauding shareholders over sit treatment fo oeucstrsm. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside lnisilbo of dollars to eevoslr regulatory probes and litigation icnerongnc its business practices.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " Wells Fargo has agreed to ypa $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it fo defrauding shareholders over sit treatment fo oeucstrsm. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside lni  ", "scrambled": "Wells Fargo has agreed to ypa $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it fo defrauding shareholders over sit treatment fo oeucstrsm. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside lnisilbo of dollars to eevoslr regulatory probes and litigation icnerongnc its business practices.", "original": "Wells Fargo has agreed to pay $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding shareholders over its treatment of customers. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside billions of dollars to resolve regulatory probes and litigation concerning its business practices.", "recovered": "Wells Fargo has agreed to ypa $1 billion to settle a lawsuit accusing it fo defrauding shareholders over sit treatment fo oeucstrsm. Since 2016, Wells Fargo has paid or set aside lni"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cEverything vrwEerehey All ta Once\u201d dominated the ssOcra on Sunday. eTh ifml own most of the big awards, niulgnicd tsbe picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a aiedgln role, while Ke Huy Quan and aeJmi Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \u201cEverything vrwEerehey All ta Once\u201d dominated the ssOcra on Sunday. eTh ifml own most of the big awards, niulgnicd tsbe picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a  ", "scrambled": "\u201cEverything vrwEerehey All ta Once\u201d dominated the ssOcra on Sunday. eTh ifml own most of the big awards, niulgnicd tsbe picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a aiedgln role, while Ke Huy Quan and aeJmi Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.", "original": "\u201cEverything Everywhere All at Once\u201d dominated the Oscars on Sunday. The film won most of the big awards, including best picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a leading role, while Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis won best actor and best actress in supporting roles.", "recovered": "\u201cEverything vrwEerehey All ta Once\u201d dominated the ssOcra on Sunday. eTh ifml own most of the big awards, niulgnicd tsbe picture and directing. Michelle Yeoh won best actress in a"}
{"input": "The following sentence contains words with scrambled letters. Please recover the original sentence from it.\nScrambled sentence: \u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what uyo can get at Aldi,\u201d said The isTem, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. The \u201chylcciolalearoga significant\u201d discovery spiton to eth existence of a high-status Roman house, or musod.\nRecovered sentence:", "output": " \u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what uyo can get at Aldi,\u201d said The isTem, which listed groceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. The \u201cnmaRo   ", "scrambled": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what uyo can get at Aldi,\u201d said The isTem, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. The \u201chylcciolalearoga significant\u201d discovery spiton to eth existence of a high-status Roman house, or musod.", "original": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what you can get at Aldi,\u201d said The Times, which listed \u201cgroceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d and a \u201cRoman mosaic\u201d. The \u201carchaeologically significant\u201d discovery points to the existence of a high-status Roman house, or domus.", "recovered": "\u201cYou\u2019ll be surprised at what uyo can get at Aldi,\u201d said The isTem, which listed groceries, power drills, inflatables, sewing machines\u201d dna a \u201cnmaRo mosaic\u201d. The \u201cnmaRo"}
